Chapter 1603 - The Golden Monkey Wields The Ponderous Cudgel, Cleansing The Universe Of All Filths

Chapter 1603: The Golden Monkey Wields the Ponderous Cudgel, Cleansing the Universe of All Filths

Within the Immortal Extermination Formation, the Incongruence Divine Mother held her forehead that was bleeding profusely as she fell weakly onto the ground, with her aura being exceptionally weak.

Gao Qingxuan left her clone to stabilize the Immortal Extermination Formation together with Yan Zhaoge. At the same time, her original self took over the Incongruence Divine Mother’s task – using the Green Duckweed Sword to dissipate the jade radiances by the Immortal Ending Sword.

Back when establishing the Roving Jade Heavens, she had wielded the Green Duckweed Sword, giving her a deep sense of familiarity with it.

However, her cultivation was ultimately far inferior compared to the Incongruence Divine Mother, which significantly decreased refinement speed.

Fortunately, barely any jade radiances were left, and the radiances were dissipating bit by bit.

Upon entering the formation, just as the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal was trying to accustom himself to the transformations of the formation, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had already closed in on him.

With Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan maneuvering the formation, while the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor wasn’t proficient in the Immortal Extermination Formation, he was having a much easier time compared to the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal.

As the two fought each other, Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan’s clone focused on operating the Immortal Extermination Formation, continuing its suppression against the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

With the North Star Emperor’s Triratna Jade Scepter knocking away Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, Yan Zhaoge immediately cast his Grand Commencement Divine Finger, turning Prana into Three Clears.

The three Clear Qis flew out of the Immortal Extermination Formation, fusing with the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

As Demonic qis skyrocketed, gold Demonic clouds appeared once again, with roars of rage resounding from within.

A furry face with an apish mouth. Wearing the Phoenix Feather Purple Golden Crown, clad in a Golden Chainmail, and wearing a pair of lotus silk root cloud-stepping shoes. The Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form appeared once again in the world.

As the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel spun in his hand, his head towered over the azure skies while he strode forward through the Yellow River. With a vicious aura leaking from his demeanor, he became an anarchic individual unbounded by all laws!

“Lu Ya!” The colossal ape yelled, “I allow you to pick up your Immortal Slaying Flying Saber. Come, let us fight!”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya sighed, “Even if I picked it up, it’s still useless, as I have yet to disperse the Triratna Jade Scepter. But, while you managed to manifest the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form, you’re still weaker than your prime self. Very well, I’ll try my best then.”

As he spoke, golden red embers burned around his body, traversing through the void.

As the Early Heaven Departed Fire blazed, a humongous golden red sun floated behind Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s head.

Not only was it much more prominent, even its temperature far exceeded that of a typical solar star.

Within the solar wheel of flames, the dark silhouettes of three-legged crows emerged.

As the Great Sun Golden Crow appeared, the world seemed to have returned to the era of time immemorial, where the world was still a barren wasteland, and only the unending head was permeating through the entire universe.

When the vast Heavenly River sustaining the myriad of stars came in contact with other sun’s scorching flares, not to mention boiling or evaporating, even its temperature wouldn’t be affected much.

However, as soon as the Great Sun Golden Crow manifested atop Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s head, the surrounding river increased in temperature.

The Golden Crow flew straight toward the towering ape, leaving a trail of fire in its wake.

“Hah!” The colossal ape seemed unbothered by this. With a smile, he wielded the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel vertically with one hand while his other furry claw grabbed straight toward the Great Sun Golden Crow’s neck!

The gigantic paw accurately grabbed onto the Golden Crow’s neck.

The Earlier Heavens Essence of Departed Fire capable of piercing through the primordial genesis turned into a sea of flames, which engulfed the gigantic ape’s entire body.

However, within the sea of flames, the pair of eyes resembling a pair of stars just watched as the flames scorched his body without even blinking.

The horrifying claw tightened its grip, instantly causing the golden red sun of the Golden Crow to explode!

The Earlier Heavens Essence of Departed Fire around Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s body started prancing incessantly.

One brilliant sun after another arose and blasted toward the monkey.

With a long bellow, the monkey swept his cudgel around.

Without even any voice resounded in the void, the suns were all destroyed into fragments.

With this attack, the murky yet majestic Heavenly River was about to stop flowing!

All the Great Sun Golden Crows soaring by the void exploded!

Within the universe, only scattering flames of Earlier Heavens and the chaotic primordial gulf could be seen.

The monkey lifted his Ru Yi Golden Cudgel. With a leap, he already managed to close in on Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s figure transformed. As the sonorous chantings of Buddhist mantras resounded within the world, he transformed into a gigantic Buddha.

A wheel of Buddha light appeared behind the gigantic Buddha’s head. The Buddha light was bright red, resembling the image of a giant sun.

Within the chants of mantra, the gigantic Buddha’s peerless demeanor started permeating within the void, as if all myriad of objects were within his grasp. He was like a Buddha who governed the past, the present, and the future.

The Buddhist incarnation of Dao Monarch Lu Ya, the Vairocana Buddha!

The Vairocana Buddha pushed both his palms forward, harnessing an overbearing strength imbued with immense resilience. Its majestic strength contained yang powers far surpassing a portion of Buddhism’s Vajra supreme martial arts, with strength far grander and monumental.

With a flesh far more resilient than others, the Vairocana Buddha’s palms were capable of blocking the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ Ru Yi Golden Cudgel.

However, ultimately, the monkey’s rampaging frenzy made the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel even deadlier.

While the gigantic Buddha managed to block the extensive cudgel, his height became even shorter!

The monkey roared fanatically and kept swinging his cudgel, causing his attacks to land as frequently as raindrops.

Everytime the Vairocana Buddha blocked, his height grew shorter and shorter.

In the blink of an eye, the grand and majestic Buddha’s height had lowered by half.

Cracks finally appeared on the palms that seemed capable of molding the world, which then expanded toward his arms and torso.

The monkey attacked once more, its rampant powers causing the Vairocana Buddha to flip over!

The gold radiances dispersed, causing Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s original form to appear once more.

Looking at the monkey wielding the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, he sighed and told the Victorious Fighting Buddha from afar, “I’d rather you die by his hands in the Immortal Court than to let him have this weapon.”

“Even without the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, thine Immortal Slaying Flying Saber hath been nullified. Thou art doomed to lose against him.” The Victorious Fighting Buddha sighed.

“At the very least, I can try enduring his attacks, no? After all, he’s still bounded by a time limit.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya shook his head.

The monkey shrieked and came slamming the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel toward Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

The gigantic sun formed by Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s body began refracting rays of sunbeams.

All of a sudden, the gigantic sun disappeared, and the sunbeams started fleeing away, avoiding the rampant towering ape.

“Tsk tsk…” The monkey sneered and chuckled.

He leaped upward, transformed into a clump of gold radiance Demonic cloud, and pursued after the fleeing sunbeam.

The sunbeam’s speed was extremely fast, seemingly not inferior even to the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ swiftness.

Yet, unable to escape the monkey’s grasp, the monkey kept striking Dao Monarch Lu Ya using the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel!

The sunbeam and golden cloud shifted all over the Heavenly River. Everytime the monkey attacked, the Heavenly River trembled and became on the verge of breaking apart.

The previous tables had been turned around completely.

Previously, Dao Monarch Lu Ya used the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber to deter every foe present, giving the group of Demons a considerable advantage.

Now, he was being pursued all over by the monkey. In fact, not only was the monkey chasing after him, it even had the time to greet other opponents with its cudgel.

As the golden cloud passed through the ranks of enemies, a cudgel would suddenly appear to strike its foe!

The Drake-Headed Immortal, the Nine-Headed Bug, and even Yuan Hong, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit, and other Buddhist bigwigs remained high alert, putting on their guard against the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel that might suddenly strike them out of nowhere!

Other than the Roc of Ten thousand Cloudy Miles who could rely on his speed and the Buddhists who had the Green Lotus Treasured Flag protecting them, the others present were suffering greatly.

The monkey didn’t even have to stop his pursuit and merely waved the cudgel around wherever he passed through.

He shattered one of the Nine-Headed Bug’s heads.

He crushed the Drake-Headed Immortal’s indestructible teeth.

He flipped over the golden lamp and sarira atop the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s head!