Chapter 1608 - The Most Ruthless Formation In History!

Chapter 1608: The Most Ruthless Formation in History!

Yan Zhaoge raised his sword and slain the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal within the Immortal Extermination Formation.

A Prime Clear bigwig of the past and the present Demon Race Great Sage perished within the formation, further raising the ruthless reputation of the Immortal Extermination Formation.

After decapitating the Dragon-Headed Fish, Yan Zhaoge lifted his palm, causing the Immortal Extermination Sword to hover back to its assigned door.

All-encompassing gold radiances shone, and yellow mists billowed. The four podiums bolstering the four doors were erected within the formation.

Dense murderous auras skyrocketed, causing a massive tremor throughout the universe.

Within the colossal formation, vicious sword qis were running rampant, tearing apart the void within. The most primordial form of earth, water, fire, and wind could be seen surging about.

As if the world of creation was obliterated, and all objects were shattered, about to revert to their state of nothingness.

It was practically the scene of Doomsday descending!

Even when facing the situation of terror, Yan Zhaoge remained unfazed. Instead, he quietly stood within the huge formation and looked at his surroundings.

All Buddhas and Great Demons previously rushing to enter the Immortal Extermination Formation dared not enter any longer.

Ruthless auras stirred from a manifold of heavens converged within the horrifying formation. Then, as they formed into an abyss of annihilation, they devoured all objects with their suction force.

Under the Immortal Extermination Formation’s influence, the flowing Heavenly River and the myriad of cosmic stars gradually dried up and were heading toward eradication.

While some runes formed by jade radiances remained within the Heavenly River, the dark dusky winds had already disappeared. The river was now rid of its murky tarnishment, becoming crystal clear once again.

As the Immortal Extermination Formation started unleashing its stupendous might, the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation was finally unable to withstand any longer. The vile sword-qis broke through it!

The Immortal Extermination Formation truly lived up to its reputation as the most ruthless formation in history. When the two formations clashed against each other, the Immortal Extermination Formation was the one who stood triumphant in the end.

Even the Sea Suppressing Pearls used by the Dipankara Archaic Buddha to stabilize the Heavenly River were squeezed away by an invisible force, leaving the archaic Buddha unable to do anything.

The Immortal Court’s Heavenly Immortal – the Percussion Heavenly Lord’s silhouette reappeared. His expression was pale, and his aura was feeble and weak.

The Percussion Heavenly Lord’s aura was connected to the formation. After the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation was shattered apart, he was also inflicted with heavy injuries.

Most despairingly, within the Immortal Extermination Formation, Gao Qingxuan finally stood up while wielding the Immortal Ending Sword with both hands.

The final bit of jade radiances lingering by the edge of the Immortal Ending Sword was now almost nowhere to be seen.

While the Incongruence Divine Mother was unable to move, Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan already knew what had to be done.

She lifted both her hands, causing the Immortal Ending Sword to hover mid-air.

Then Gao Qingxuan wielded the Green Duckweed Sword and pointed toward the hovering Immortal Ending Sword.

After trembling slightly, the Immortal Ending Sword flew toward the Immortal Extermination Formation. It replaced the location previously occupied by its projection and now hovered over the door!

After the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, all Immortal Extermination Four Swords were finally returned to their original locations at this very moment!

The entire Immortal Extermination Formation trembled.

Upon witnessing this sight, everyone outside the formation felt their hearts thumping heavily as if they were about to witness Doomsday’s descent.

A Grand Heavenly Immortal’s physique, and everlasting and unbounded existence.

Yet, in the face of this terrorizing calamity, a Grand Heavenly Immortal was no different from a commoner!

Under the formation’s effects, the final bit of jade radiance by the Immortal Ending Sword’s sword tip gradually started fading away.

Under Yan Zhaoge’s command, the horrifying formation started expanding outward!

Boundless and unending ruthless sword qis surged like waves, flowing toward the surrounding.

The entire vast and boundless Heavenly River, which seemingly had no end, was devoured entirely by the sword formation, instantly disappearing into nothingness.

The Heavenly River never froze within the cosmos, nor did it evaporate due to the radiating heat of the stars. Yet, upon entering the sword formation, it was instantly shattered apart, reverting to the state of darkness before the earlier heavens, as if it had never existed since the dawn of time.

As the group of stars was devoured within the formation, they expanded and immediately collapsed soon after, instantly undergoing the state of obliteration. They all disappeared without a trace as if they were merely insignificant planetoids.

The expressions of the Buddhists and Demons changed drastically.

Needless to say, if one were to enter the Immortal Extermination Formation, only death would await them.

Yet, the Immortal Extermination Formation was expanding swiftly and was obviously trying to drag them within!

Upon entering, who could ever hope to escape?

No matter if it was Mahamayuri and other Buddhist Bhantes or Dao Monarch Lu Ya and other Demon Great Sages, they both retreated hurriedly without hesitation.

The sword qis surged outward and enveloped the cosmic space. As if all lifeforms ceased to exist, space started crumbling, and the great dao plunged straight into declination!

All the marvelous phenomena previously in the display were now declining and withering away.

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag, which brimmed with white qis and shone with gold radiances, was able to fend off even Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Brilliance. However, when facing the threat of the Immortal Extermination Formation, the white qis dissipated, and the gold radiances turned dim.

The Land of Buddhism manifested by the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and others now seemed like a land of the Doomsday era. Bodhis wilted, Buddhist stupas crumbled, the requiem of Buddhist chantings ceased, and its translucent tranquility disappeared.

Instead of trying to see if the Green Lotus Treasured Flag could deflect the Immortal Extermination Sword or not, they chose to retreat as quickly as they could.

As the formation’s sword-light shone the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances, it instantly turned dim.

The previously rampaging Mahamayuri couldn’t be bothered to fight against the Great Sage Equalling Heavens any longer. Retracting away his Five-Colored Divine Brilliances, he instantly fled away.

The scarlet gold luminance of the sun hung low as if the sun was about to set.

Upon seeing Gao Qingxuan lifting the Immortal Ending Sword within the formation, Dao Monarch Lu Ya immediately commanded the Demons to retreat. As for him, he immediately fled away by transforming into a sunbeam.

As space crumbled, all orders had returned to chaos. Even for Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, he felt an immense weight pressing onto his wings. Without the bravery to skirt around the formation any longer, he quickly flew away.

Flares flickered by the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s Buddha aureole hanging behind his head. The flare was like a lone candle amidst gales of winds, which would extinguish at any given moment.

The Sea Suppressing Pearls, previously brimming with five colors, seemed to have been covered with a layer of dust, with all its brilliance lost to the surroundings.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha stared at the green lotus within the river and sighed as he shook his head. Then, using his maximum speed, he quickly furthered away from the expanding Immortal Extermination Formation.

Even Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, Suo Mingzhang, Yang Jian, and others felt a deep sense of fear within their hearts when watching the formation.

Their foes fled, but the Immortal Extermination Formation’s coverage area was increasing swiftly.

With Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ aid, the Demon Race could escape in time.

As for the Buddhists, they weren’t as lucky.

The Meritorious Splendour Buddha, who previously fought against Yan Di, was caught up by the expanding formation and was forcefully dragged within!

His Land of Buddhism instantly collapsed, and his Buddha lights now became lusterless, with his Golden Body rotting away.

The Meritorious Splendour Buddha sighed. He pressed his palms together and perished just like that. His figure was dismembered by countless waves of sword qis, leaving no traces behind. Even his sarira was destroyed along with him.

The Immortal Court’s Percussion Heavenly Lord was unable to escape as well. He was devoured along with the Heavenly River and the stars within, instantly meeting his demise.

The magnificent treasured lights imbued with faith power residing in his body were extinguished as well, with no traces of him remaining.

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit intended to escape but sensed someone appearing behind him. As the Buddha turned his head, he met the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ blinding pair of fiery eyes and golden pupils.

“From the start, ye all were doomed to failure. This wretched fate, cursing us never to win either.” The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit sighed, “In the end, all Dao Ancestors shall destroy the Immortal Extermination Formation, and all swords shall be distributed evenly.”

“Monk, you speak way too much.” The Great Sage Equalling Heavens, who lost his three-headed and six-armed appearance grinned coldly, and slammed his cudgel straight to his opponent’s head!

A fellow Buddhist of the past, a mythical figure during the Middle Journey to the West era, and the present Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s head was cracked open, signifying the end of his life!