Chapter 1609 - More Than Four Strings

Chapter 1609 : More Than Four Strings

All the Buddhists and Demons fled away at full speed to avoid being encapsulated within the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Hence, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, Feng Yunsheng, and the others had fewer factors restraining their offenses.

Being able to turn the tables around, the Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortals pursued after the enemies who fled sorrily. They assaulted their opponents with thumping savagery, as well as a sense of satisfaction.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, and the others could only continue fleeing without the option to retaliate. Being plunged into such a helpless state, there was nothing they could do.

After all, their current utmost priority was to avoid being pulled in by the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Turning his head around, the Victorious Fighting Buddha watched as the master he served upon joining Buddhism – the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit perished under that Ru Yi Golden Cudgel. An indescribable expression clouded over his face.

“Transgression, transgression…” Despite being one who had always retained his calmness, a rare sight of sorrow appeared within the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s gaze.

Seeing the familiar figure of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, the Buddha’s heartstrings were pulled. A complex emotion stirred within, pulling him into a state of reverie.

At that moment, a churn of movement could be felt by the boundless lofty plane existing atop the universal skies.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others expressed disappointment and lament.

In the confrontation on the level beneath the Dao Realm, a miscalculation had cost them their loss.

In the end, they still required the aid of other Dao Ancestors.

Only, with this, no one could ever hope to obtain the complete Immortal Extermination Formation.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha stared at the Earlier Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram, gradually dissipating and felt even more remorseful.

This was the last qin strand’s obstruction. A little while longer, and Amitabha shall descend.

The most surprising factor was that even with Mahamayuri present, Daoism was unable to be taken down.

While the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil helped obstruct the Eastern Sovereign, his aid was limited. Hoping for something more would be like falling into a fantasy.

Everyone present stared at the Immortal Ending Sword hanging above the door within the formation, watching as the final tint of jade radiance dispersed into nothingness as the formation operated.

Daoism finally purified the Immortal Ending Sword from the mark Immeasurable Heavenly Lord left behind, allowing them to now bring the sword away along with them.

However, bringing away the Immortal Ending Sword – or rather the Immortal Extermination Four Swords wasn’t something easily accomplished.

The instant the Immortal Extermination Formation returned to their original spot, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil stopped obstructing the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and returned to the Nine Underworlds.

From then onward, this matter had no relations with the Nine Underworlds any longer.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha, who fought relentlessly, also stopped their battle temporarily.

They weren’t willing to see a force presided by a Dao Ancestor to obtain the Immortal Extermination Formation, nor were they willing to see the orthodox Daoism occupying the entire formation.

Especially the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha.

The implication of orthodox Daoism obtaining the Immortal Extermination Formation wasn’t just limited to self-defense.

After all, this was a formation of carnage, not one of protection. It wasn’t meant to serve as an aegis.

Both the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus weren’t willing to see the Immortal Extermination Formation descending atop their territories.

That was a tool of massacre even a Dao Ancestor couldn’t interrupt.

To put it simply, just as their foes were incapable of defending their assault, they were also incapable of obstructing their foes’ onslaught.

While the Dao Ancestors held no fear for the onslaught, their vassals and underlings said otherwise.

An ending of mutual ebullition.

Naturally, they were fearful of existence beyond their scope of control.

While the Heavenly River spanned across the vast cosmos, its distant edges of both sides were warped back together under the Immortal Extermination Formation’s spatial distortion and were gradually devoured by the formation.

Murderous intent skyrocketed from the formation, obliterating all beings of creation.

However, in the boundless and lofty plane above the formation, a jade door, an ancient bell, and a white lotus appeared.

The Earlier Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram formed by snapping the decrepit qin’s string could only hinder the descent of a Dao Ancestor once at a time.

And now, the jade door, the ancient bell, and the white lotus appeared together.

As the Earlier Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram gradually faded away, a green lotus appeared beyond the Immortal Extermination Formation.

The horrifying sword qis who eradicated all that lived in the world and severed the constraints of dao posed no form of threat to the lotuses, the door, and the bell.

The Immortal Extermination Formation couldn’t ever harm a Dao Realm bigwig, and a Dao Ancestor could come and go as they pleased.

Only, without the cooperation of four Dao Realm bigwigs attacking together, the Immortal Extermination Formation shan’t ever be broken through.

Right now, even after the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had returned to the Nine Underworlds, there were a total of four Dao Realm bigwigs about to descend.

After demolishing the formation, the orthodox Daoism would still have to fight for the Immortal Extermination Four Swords.

The final results would most likely be each of them obtaining a sword, with none able to complete the collection and get the complete Immortal Extermination Formation.

However, everything would be unrelated to Daoism.

“In the end, we still reached this stage.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya shook his head. Then, he looked toward Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, and the others. He sighed, “It’s unfortunate that only four strings remained on the Qin of Fuxi. If not, you might’ve still succeeded in the end.”

The Immortal Extermination Formation had already halted its expansion. Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands within the formation while facing Dao Monarch Lu ya, “If there were any more strings, I fathom that you wouldn’t have made the trade.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya chuckled uncontrollably, yet he suddenly saw Yan Zhaoge blinking, “But, we did make some preparations for ourselves. Our reliance wasn’t just placed on these four strings.”

“Oh?” Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s heart skipped a little, and he suddenly sensed something.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others all did the same action – they looked into the faraway horizon.

By the void, a long jet-black banner appeared, held in the grasp of someone.

The silhouette of a graceful woman of noble bearing appeared. She resembled one who rid herself of the tarnishment of worldly affairs, yet also seemed as if a sharp edge was hidden within her gestures.

There were many experts of considerable position who lived for eons in this world, attributing to their vast field of knowledge.

Almost everyone recognized the woman holding the banner.

A Prime Clear bigwig of the past, the leading figure from the Ladies of the Three Skies – the Cloudy Firmament Fairy!

During the Ancient Investiture of the Gods war, the Ladies of the Three Skies held the Chaotic Origin Golden Cup in their hands. They laid down the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, repressing Dao Monarch Lu Ya while dominating the entire Jade Clear lineage.

Their achievements during the battle were considered the most glorious amongst the Prime Clear lineage, not even seeming inferior to that of Kong Xuan.

However, they later fell in battle by the hands of the Primordial Heavenly Lord and the Lord of Dao and Virtue.

The Nephrite Empyrean Fairy and the Jade Sky Fairy were forced into the Investiture Gods rankings and later entered the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

The Lord of Dao and Virtue subdued the Cloudy Firmament Fairy and suppressed her beneath the Qilin Cliff.

With the pleadings of her sisters, she was granted the privilege to allocate half a year every year in the Qilin Cliff and the other half in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace for the sake of reuniting with the Nephrite Empyrean and the Jade Sky.

Their Nine Bends Yellow River Formation blueprint had entered the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s archives due to this.

The reason why Yan Zhaoge and the Immortal Court could lay down the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation was all due to these.

After the Great Calamity, when the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and Kunlun Mountain were brought to ruination, information related to the Cloudy Firmament Lady was lost in oblivion.

Now, she suddenly emerged in the world once again.

However, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others weren’t concerned about the Cloudy Firmament Fairy herself. After all, the Chaotic Origin Golden Cup was already destroyed during the Great Calamity. Even with it present, it still couldn’t obstruct the mightiness of a Dao Ancestor.

They were more concerned about the black banner accompanying the Cloudy Firmament Fairy!

The six ends of the banner fluttered by the void, inciting a series of thumps in everyone’s hearts.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, the Nine-Headed Bug, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, and even the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s expressions were exceptionally foul as if they had seen something beyond their comprehension.

“Six Souls Banner?!” The Buddhists and Demons yelled in unison.

Within the Immortal Extermination Formation, Yan Zhaoge smiled gently, “My apologies, it wasn’t a deception. We truly possess this item.”