Chapter 1602 - United We Stand!

Chapter 1602: United We Stand!

Seeing that the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal was about to enter the formation, Bhikkhu Xuan Du frowned.

Just as he was about to take action, the Early Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram engulfing the entire Heavenly River dissipated.

The green lotuses quietly floating within the river were about to bloom.

Another “snap” resounded from the Qin of Fuxi once again.

The qin’s third-string snapped. As radiances circulated, a brand-new Early Heaven Eight Trigram Diagram appeared once again, engulfing the surrounding of the Heavenly River.

The Qin of Fuxi bought them another few moments.

However, only one string remained by the decrepit qin.

Within the battlefield, everyone’s battle became more and more intense.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya continually spun the gourd within his hand and retracted the final slash of the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber back within. However, his tyrannical ability to freeze one’s mind was unleashed to its maximum.

After spinning around Yang Jian’s body, the white radiances engulfed the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage once more, causing them to sink into drowsiness.

Feng Yunsheng let out a long breath and refrained from hiding in the void any longer. Instead, she strode forward and slashed her saber straight at Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Gourd!

Black saber-lights blasted against the white radiances spewing out from the gourd.

The black radiances were far more overpowering, causing the white radiances to quiver.

Feng Yunsheng was much better at handling this treasure compared to Yang Jian. With the threat coming from the Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation Saber, the white radiances were already on the verge of breaking apart.

However, a towering white ape quickly rushed toward Feng Yunsheng, obstructing her.

Feng Yunsheng’s saber-lights might be vicious and violent, but the senile white ape wasn’t just some nameless joe either.

Previously when facing Yang Jian, Yuan Hong was forced into a sorry state. After all, not only was Yang Jian proficient in his specialties, but Yang Jian also overpowered him in all other aspects.

However, when facing other people who weren’t Yang Jian, Yuan Hong could display his almighty transformation abilities and pair them together with his boundlessly immense strength. Even among the Demon Race, he was regarded as one of their top-notch bigwig experts.

Now that he fought against Feng Yunsheng, while a victor couldn’t be decided instantly, he managed to prevent Feng Yunsheng from approaching Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

As for the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, he took the role of harassing Yang Jian.

While he couldn’t defeat Yang Jian, Yang Jian was also handling the pressure exerted by the Buddhist experts.

Instead of attacking, Dao Monarch Lu Ya focused on supervising the battlefield, dispatching the group of Demon Race experts to secure an opportunity.

To him, the person that had been embracing the Qin of Fuxi and didn’t participate in the battle as well – Bhikkhu Xuan Du was his target of concern.

As the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber flew around the battlefield, it threatened all foes present, including the Buddhist Bhantes who were on guard against the horrifying white radiances.

Seeing this, Suo Mingzhang frowned, yet he could not shake off the Dipankara Archaic Buddha in front of him.

After all, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha definitely wouldn’t work together with him to deal with Dao Monarch Lu Ya. Using him as a distraction for Dao Monarch Lu Ya, this archaic Buddha would go after the Immortal Extermination Formation by himself.

While Yang Jian had testified that he could refute the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber’s might, there was still the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and other opponents bugging him from aside, not allowing him to confront Dao Monarch Lu Ya personally.

On the other hand, he intended to release the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and other Buddhist Bhantes from his entrapment.

Under normal circumstances, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles would also obstruct these Buddhists.

The Demon Race and Buddhists were also fighting for the Immortal Extermination Formation.

The main problem here was the Green Lotus Treasured Flag backing up the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the others. Other than Yang Jian’s Land of Buddhism manifested by his towering Buddha, the Buddhists could pretty much neglect the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and other foes, focusing solely on barging straight to the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Perhaps, even Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber won’t be able to stop them.

If all of them were to rush into the Immortal Extermination Formation, the results would become much worse than the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal being inside alone.

Hence, while suppressing the Buddhist Bhantes and fighting against the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, Yang Jian had also to be wary of Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber.

Just as Dao Monarch Lu Ya seemed to have taken control of the battlefield, the Heavenly River trembled once again.

Six rays of starlights lit up within the void, followed by killing intents permeating.

A man who wore the same crown as the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, a Daoist robe, and had a stern expression appeared.

Upon seeing him, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s expression remained calm, as if he wasn’t surprised at all, “You’re here?”

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit exchanging blows with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor sighed, “Daoist North Star, thou art here as well.”

All top-notch Daoists, Buddhists, and Demons present recognized this man’s identity.

One of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Four Imperials, whose reputation was on par with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the Earth Queen.

North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor!

One of the few Daoism Heavenly Lords who survived the Great Calamity.

Due to their difference in beliefs, he went on a separate path from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the Incongruence Divine Mother.

After Yan Zhaoge caused havoc within the Immortal Court, the Immortal Court exacted revenge by invading the dao universe’s World beyond Worlds with the aid of the Western Pure Lands.

Since then, the North Star Emperor rarely showed himself within the world, and he was practically untrackable.

Almost all Daoism experts had arrived in today’s war, including Bhikkhu Xuan Du, who resided by the Tushita Palace.

However, the North Star Emperor had never shown himself.

As such, everyone thought that he wouldn’t be coming.

And yet, right now, this Daoism Heavenly Lord had arrived!

His arrival caused Dao Monarch Lu Ya to frown tightly.

Not because of the North Star Emperor’s capabilities, but because of something that Dao Monarch Lu Ya won’t ever forget.

The treasure within the North Star Emperor’s possession.

The treasure of the Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Lord Grand Master – the Triratna Jade Scepter!

Just as the Incongruence Divine Mother could not fend off foes directly using the Green Duckweed Sword, the North Star Emperor could also not fully utilize the Triratna Jade Scepter.

However, it still posed a considerable threat against Dao Monarch Lu Ya!

“Heed!”

Sure enough, as soon as the North Star Emperor appeared, he beckoned immediately without wasting any time.

A jade scepter flickering with the color of purple, white, and gold transformed into a ray of radiance, barging straight toward Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya was unable to avoid it, as the radiances’ target wasn’t him.

But the gourd in his hand!

The radiances formed by the Triratna Jade Scepter landed, instantly clogging the gourd’s mouth.

The brilliant white radiances were suddenly cut off, and the gourd fell from Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s hands, sinking and undulating within the dark murky river.

The North Star Emperor’s Triratna Jade Scepter instantly knocked away Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber!

Due to his previous practice of avoiding any conflicts against the Immortal Court and even helping them defend against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, suspicions arose in the hearts of everyone else upon seeing him attacking Dao Monarch Lu Ya of the Demon Race.

However, the North Star Emperor picked the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit as his opponent in the next instant, allowing the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor to hinder the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal.

While his actions might seem superfluous, those actions made his stance extremely clear now.

Without the threat of the Immortal Slaying Gourd, Yang Jian and the others started their waves of counter-attack.

Upon seeing this, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had no choice but to enter the battlefield personally.

However, what awaited him was a rampaging roar.

“Lu Ya!”

The three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage bellowed in unison.

Within the Immortal Extermination Formation, Yan Zhaoge could finally unleash the transformations of One Prana Three Clears without worry. He sent out the three rays of Clear Qis, allowing the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage to amalgamate together.

As brilliance shone across the horizon, the towering ape appeared once again!