Chapter 1604 - Mahamayuri! Mahamayuri!

Chapter 1604: Mahamayuri! Mahamayuri!

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit continued using his Tongue of Lotus even after his opponent was no longer the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor but the North Star Emperor.

Gone were the fields of lightning imbued with overwhelming might, now replaced with the North Star Emperor’s merciless techniques filed with killing intent.

The carnage accumulated since the times of yore had now converged in this area, causing the Land of Buddhism to lose its tranquility.

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit remained his composure and exchanged blows with the North Star Emperor.

Only, with the golden lamp and sarira atop his head being toppled by the monkey, the Buddha was experiencing a much harder time.

“Oh, the karma, beckoning for its long end.” The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit shook his head and gave a bitter smile.

The North Star Emperor remained expressionless and immediately followed up with another attack. As all six beacons of starlights converged together, a horde of heavenly troops and generals in the multitude manifested, which all came rushing toward the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit.

However, the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s expression remained as calm as ever, as if the appearance of the horde was merely something insignificant.

“Daoist North Star, why art thou participating in this mess?” Instead, the Buddha said to the North Star Emperor, “Over the years, thou hast always chosen a path without the reckoning of right or wrong. In such a crucial moment, why art thou making such a mistake?”

The North Star Emperor said indifferently, “A crucial moment indeed. Of course, I’d have to come since this matter correlates to the state of Daoism. If it weren’t for me avoiding your surveillance, I would’ve arrived much earlier. Thankfully, I didn’t arrive too late.”

Compassion surfaced on the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s face, “Oh, fellow Daoist. With thine absence, Daoism will be left with a seed of growth in the future. Now that thou hast joined in, the roots of Daoism could very well be severed entirely.”

“Thou art not late, but too early.”

The North Star Emperor could sense the meaning hidden behind the Buddha’s words. With his gaze concentrated, he focused on staring at his opponent’s face.

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit looked toward the golden cloud chasing after the sunbeam. He saw that Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s shoulder was spewing out flames as if his flesh was the one being disintegrated by the monkey’s cudgel.

Seeing this, he didn’t appear to be startled. Instead, he merely sighed, “Doomed be upon ye past glories, awaiting an impending erasure.”

The North Star Emperor frowned. However, before he could think of anything, all other Buddhas, including the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit, started chanting the Buddhism doctrines softly, with the Dipankara Archaic Buddha leading the chants. “He’s here.”

The Heavenly River was suddenly split apart.

A strong presence descended. As if approached nearer, its five-colored splendor kindled the sparks of creation.

Within the translucent Buddha lights, crimson flames were blazing. Green radiances were beaming with nature’s lush, immense density permeated from yellow soils, platinum with refined sharpness, and an unending stream of black water. The five signs of brilliance made no distinction between each other and continued cycling endlessly.

Within the Five-Colored Divine Brilliance sat a Buddha, one who had twenty-four heads and eighteen arms. He held a tassel, an umbrella cap, a vase, fish intestines, a vajra, a treasured filer, a golden bell, a golden bow, a silver halberd, a banner, a treasured dhvaja, a lotus, a token plate, an alms bowl, a sharp spear, a claymore, a sarira, and a scripture.

Everyone present recognized the latecomer.

Mahamayuri, Kong Xuan!

In terms of strength alone, he was the Western Pure Lands’ second most strongest person, one who was inferior only to the owner of the Blessed Lands – Amitabha.

During the Ancient era, Kong Xuan defeated the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and Dao Monarch Lu Ya thoroughly. As a result, they were forced to flee from Kong Xuan’s Five-Colored Divine Brilliances and dared not confront him directly.

During the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, Kong Xuan had provided aid to the Prime Clear Severing Sect and almost dominated all opponents beneath the Dao Realm. However, it wasn’t until Daoist Zhunti took action that Kong Xuan finally lost, which led to him joining Daoism and becoming the incarnation known as Mahamayuri.

In the following era, Mahamayuri had never made his appearance at all.

After entering this era, Mahamayuri remained in seclusion the entire time. It wasn’t until a century ago before he made his dashing appearance.

In that fight, Mahamayuri alone presided over the Immortal Court, yet managed to reign supremacy even when fighting against the Demon Race Great Sages and Small Saints. Other than a few Great Demons like the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, who managed to escape, everyone else was captured by Mahamayuri!

With all affiliated Dao Ancestors holding each other back, Mahamayuri alone reversed the unfavorable situation faced by the Immortal Court and forced the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus away from the Immortal Court’s Eight-Hundred Immortal Territories occupied for over two decades. With this, the ending of the war changed drastically.

However, since then, news about Mahamayuri died down once again.

Later, as the two heretic factions started another war for the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, experts from the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race had joined this hundred years war as well. However, Mahamayuri didn’t appear that time.

Today, however, he finally appeared once more.

Just by gazing at the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances shining around his body, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, and others felt an immense mass weighing down on their hearts as traumatizing memories surfaced within their minds.

After the group of Demons appeared, the almighty Yang Jian dealt with them alone. After Dao Monarch Lu Ya changed the tide of battle with his arrow and blade, the North Star Emperor’s Triratna Jade Scepter knocked away the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, allowing the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage to amalgamate, which turned the tide of the battle once more.

Daoism and the Demon Race were continuously fighting for victory, while Buddhism was the first to be eliminated from the battlefield.

Even so, the group of Blessed Lands Buddhas remained unfazed and retained their calm composure.

Other than Amitabha’s impending descent, they had another source of reliance – Mahamayuri!

Upon seeing Mahamayuri’s appearance, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha said, “We thank thy tutelage.”

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and other Buddhist Bhantes followed suit, “We thank thee, Mahamayuri.”

Mahamayuri nodded toward them and said nothing else.

Instead of explicitly targeting someone, he merely strode forward by the void and closed in onto the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Wherever he passed through, a trail of Five-Colored Divine Brilliance would plunge downward.

While passing through the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit and the North Star Emperor, the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances shone upon them.

The North Star Emperor couldn’t be bothered to fight against the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit any longer and welt all-out against his new opponent.

Mahamayuri scattered his Five-Colored Divine Brilliances, impounding the horde of heavenly troops and generals within. Then, the radiance spun around the battlefield, and the North Star Emperor instantly disappeared.

As he continued forward, the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances continued plunging.

Yang Jian frowned and canceled the channeling of his vitality. The colossal Buddha projection he harnessed basked in Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiances.

As the Land of Buddhism within his palm was released, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and the others managed to break free.

He continued striding forward, passing by the gravely wounded Nine-Headed Bug whose two heads were crushed.

Before the Nine-Headed Bug could say anything, the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances shone upon him.

The Nine-Headed Bug disappeared instantly.

“Brother, are you helping the Western Pure Lands again?” The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ expression changed, “Don’t you know that the Maitreya Buddha possesses one Shakyamuni Sarira as well?”

Mahamayuri nodded calmly, “I know. After thou return, thou can talk to the Maitreya Buddha in my stead. I am willing to obtain his sarira as well.”

As he spoke, he continued striding forward, causing another ray of Five-Colored Divine Brilliance to shine upon the Drake-Headed Immortal who couldn’t evade in time.

As his stride continued, he already reached the top of the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Just as the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor forced the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal away from the formation, he was instantly met with Mahamayuri.

Another ray of Five-Colored Divine Brilliance plunged downward.

A bolt of Primordial Ancestral Lightning was hurled from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. As chaos shook, the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances was impeded.

He intended to dart away by transforming into lightning.

However, the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances were channeled once more, causing them to descend unto him.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s figure disappeared immediately.