Chapter 1607 - Hand Rises, And Sword Descends

Chapter 1607: Hand Rises, and Sword Descends

All Qin of Fuxi’s remaining strings snapped until none remained.

Radiances flickered, and another Earlier Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram lit up. It blotted the skies and enveloped the entire skies.

The green lotus returned to its peaceful state, but the current war was still ongoing.

Upon seeing the final string snapping, the Daoists and Demons were forced to acknowledge that barely any time was left.

After a short while, Amitabha would descend upon this area.

The battle between the three factions would become even more chaotic and even more intense.

The Great Sage Equalling Heavens, Mahamayuri, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Suo Mingzhang, Feng Yunsheng, Yuan Hong, Yang Jian, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, Yan Di, the Meritorious Splendour Buddha… everyone started engaging in the chaotic battle.

Even Dao Monarch Lu Ya, previously wounded by the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, disregarded the wounds on his body and gritted his teeth as he joined the fray once more, preparing to make his move.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor had escaped from the Five-Colored Divine Brilliances’ imprisonment. Without wasting any time, they quickly obstructed Dao Monarch Lu Ya and exchanged blows with the Meritorious Splendour Buddha, the Drake Headed Immortal, the Nine-Headed Bug, and the others.

Within the Immortal Extermination Formation, the Incongruence Divine Mother finally sat up, albeit barely hanging on to her life. Her aura was now frail, as if she was on the verge of perishing.

Gao Qingxuan refined the final bit of jade radiances by the Immortal Ending Sword using the Green Duckweed Sword.

Meanwhile, Yan Zhaoge operated the Immortal Extermination formation together with Gao Qingxuan’s clone.

At that moment, a Daoist in black robes entered the Immortal Extermination formation while carefully watching the Great Sage Equalling Heavens fighting against Mahamayuri.

The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal had returned!

Previously, due to Mahamayuri’s deterrence, he dared not persist in his entry.

However, now that Mahamayuri was busy confronting the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal carried on with his previous intentions.

While Dao Monarch Lu Ya was gravely injured, the Southern Extremity Longevity emperor and the North Star Emperor dared not underestimate him. Moreover, they still had to face the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit and the others.

Now that the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal finally regained his freedom, he immediately took the chance to enter the Immortal Extermination Formation, intending to snatch the formation using the commotion.

However, Yan Zhaoge merely laughed aloud when seeing his actions.

“Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal, you could’ve remained alive, but your vacuous self shall be your undoing!”

“Huh?” Upon entering the formation, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal immediately sensed a pressing sense of killing intent. Despite his knowledge over the Immortal Extermination Formation, a premonition of death arose in his heart.

This feeling was entirely different from the first time he entered the formation.

During his previous experience of entering the formation, he could still advance despite not being in control of the formation, albeit having some difficulties. Even so, there wasn’t any sense of danger and killing intent so vigorous that made him feel the grasp of death.

Now, just as Yan Zhaoge spoke, he seemed to have barged into a hazardous zone of no return.

As the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal became startled, gold radiances and yellow mists permeated within the formation. All four doors were erected, standing firmly within.

The Immortal Extermination, Immortal Trapping, and Immortal Slaughtering Swords were hovering over the three doors, shining with frigid radiances.

On the other door, the illusory projection of the Immortal Ending Sword was hovering above.

The entire Immortal Extermination Formation started operating at that instant, unleashing its indomitable might. Its previous rickety state was now long gone.

“Wasn’t it just brawling against the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation just now…” The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal thought of something, and his expression changed drastically.

The jet-black dusky winds previously flowing within the Heavenly River had dispersed almost completely.

The Heavenly River’s murky waters were now dispersed, making it much clearer compared to before.

Stars started undulating within the Heavenly River once again, appearing and disappearing within the river.

The Immortal Extermination became more and more sturdy, and its might increased further and further.

In contrast, the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation grew weaker and weaker!

Everyone fighting within the Heavenly River noticed this drastic change.

Looking at the Great Sage Equalling Heavens and Mahamayuri rampaging about without regards to their surroundings, how could they not understand?

Unlike the Immortal Extermination Formation, which relied on the Immortal Extermination Four Swords and the formation’s blueprint, the Nine bends Yellow River Formation utilized the geographical advantage of the Heavenly River’s water vein.

As the two experts at the peak of Grand Heavenly Realm clashed against each other without constraints, their majestic strength caused the Heavenly River to break apart and the void to shatter.

While it was created by a Dao Realm bigwig – the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, he wasn’t present personally.

As the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation’s foundations continued being destroyed, it severely affected its utilization.

As time passed, the Immortal Extermination Formation slowly gained the upper hand and finally crushed the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation with overwhelming might!

The two formations had been clashing the entire time. As one side grew stronger, it would proceed to crush its opponent and continuously unleash devastating attacks to undermine the target.

The stronger the Immortal Extermination Formation, the weaker the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

The weaker the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, the more advantageous the Immortal Extermination Formation. The advantage would only grow bigger and bigger until the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation couldn’t withstand any longer!

Even without the Immortal Ending Sword, the Immortal Extermination Formation still posed immense threats against opponents beneath the Dao Realm.

As the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal hurriedly advanced, he stepped into the Immortal Extermination Formation growing in strength!

“Is a momentary greed going to cost my life?” The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal sighed helplessly and quickly retreated backward.

Within the formation, Yan Zhaoge unleashed a Prime Clear sword art. His sword intent transformed into a bolt of lightning and zapped toward the Immortal Extermination Four Swords hanging by the doors.

Being jolted by the lightning, all Immortal Extermination Four Swords started beaming with sword radiances.

As vicious sword intents disseminated, horrifying sword radiances descended like drops of rain, with all of them slashing toward the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal!

Being horrified by this change, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal could only rely on his knowledge of the Immortal Extermination Formation blueprint to move around within the formation, avoiding all the incoming sword radiances.

Despite being of the Prime Clear lineage and having read through the Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprint, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal was still living on the edge.

The black-robed Daoist disappeared within the Heavenly River, now replaced by a Golden-bearded Dragon-Headed Fish. The fish undulated within the river, hiding away from the incoming projectiles. Even so, he was frequently grazed by the sword-lights, causing his flesh to rip open.

Outside the Immortal Extermination Formation, all Blessed Lands Buddhas and Mountain Seas Demons felt their scalps tingling as they watched the Immortal Extermination Formation being erected.

While the Immortal Ending Sword was still absent, as soon as the formation was thoroughly operated, even Manahamyuri wouldn’t dare to barge in hastily.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha softly chanted the Buddhist doctrine and scattered six Sea Suppressing Pearls to all four directions, patching up the Heavenly River on the verge of ruination.

Seeing how six pearls weren’t enough, he immediately dispatched another six pearls.

However, Suo Mingzhang’s attacks increased manifold, forcing the Dipankara Archaic Buddha to focus solely on him.

The Buddhists and Demons could only try their best to stall time and keep those of Daoism here for a longer period of time.

The Earlier Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram created by the final string of the Qin of Fuxi faded once again and was on the verge of disappearing.

Yan Zhaoge stood up, took down the Immortal Extermination Sword hovering atop a door, and walked toward the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal.

The illusory projection of the Immortal Extermination Sword appeared where it previously stood, with two illusory and two actual swords now hovering atop the doors. Rays of sword radiances plunged downward continuously, forcing the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal to storm around within the formation, yet also preventing his escape.

Yan Zhaoge’s figure flickered and suddenly appeared beside the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal. Raising the Immortal Extermination Sword, he then pierced his target!

The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal quickly attempted to dodge away, but his footwork within the Immortal Extermination Formation was instantly messed up.

Myriad beacons of gold radiances flickered within the huge formation, instantly piercing through the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal’s body!

The gigantic Golden-bearded Dragon-Headed Fish was almost dismembered.

He howled in agony and used his last remaining strength to lunge toward Yan Zhaoge.

However, Yan Zhaoge stepped aside and lifted the sword in his hand. As dense green sword-lights flickered, the sword then decapitated the Dragon-Headed Fish’s head!