Chapter 1601 - Seizing The Immortal Extermination Formation

Chapter 1601: Seizing the Immortal Extermination Formation

Seeing the strawman and arrow that Dao Monarch Lu Ya took out, everyone present became surprised.

“Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture?!” After being perplexed momentarily, he scowled in bewilderment, “Heavens! Doesn’t this thing require twenty-one days of worshipping to take effect gradually?”

The Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture, a supreme martial art that appeared momentarily in history yet was famed for its viciousness.

During the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had used this curse to slay the Prime Clear Grand Heavenly Immortal – Zhao Gongming, who was also the original owner of the twenty-four Sea Suppressing Pearls.

Even with Zhao Gongming’s omnipotence and how strong his treasures were, he could not avoid the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture’s might. There was no need to mention how vicious this art was.

Something worth mentioning was that this art could only be used once per era.

After the Ancient era, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had never used it during the Middle era. Of course, with the precedence of Zhao Gongming, it sufficed in putting others on guard against such vile art.

After entering the current era, this killing technique had always remained within Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s grasp, and today, it finally renounced its return to the world once more!

Originally, Yan Zhaoge and the others were afraid of this technique as well.

However, the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture had all sorts of restrictions imposed onto it, and one couldn’t just use it as they pleased.

At the same time, this supreme martial art couldn’t be cast without warning.

Casting it required setting up an altar and using the Steps of Daoist Astrology continuously. After worshipping it three times a day for a total of twenty-one days, only would it start taking effect.

During those days, the spell target would have an unstable soul. Drowsiness would afflict them, while their anger would be triggered fairly easily, not allowing them a peaceful state of mind.

Yan Zhaoge and other Buddhist Bhantes never experienced these premonitions.

As such, no one placed their thoughts toward the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture.

Everyone was paying attention to the other treasure of Dao Monarch Lu Ya, the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber.

At the very least, Yang Jian was currently on guard against it. While Bhikkhu Xuan Du merely seemed like he was wielding the Qin of Fuxi and spectating from aside, he was secretly paying attention to this treasure.

The prowess of Yang Jian’s Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts allowed him to clash head-on even against Mahamayuri and even possessing the odds of victory.

However, he had one particular nemesis – Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber!

While he had some techniques of countering it, he wasn’t confident whether he could pull it off completely or not, hence his previous cautiousness.

Yet, to his surprise, Dao Monarch Lu Ya took out the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture instead!

What’s even more shocking was that Dao Monarch Lu Ya didn’t even need to use an altar. Using his arrow, he shot straight toward the strawman!

The arrow struck the forehead of the strawman, causing blood to flow from the wound.

“Argh!”

Within the Immortal Extermination Formation, a tragic scream resounded!

As Yan Zhaoge looked back, he saw the Incongruence Divine Mother laying flat on the ground, with blood spewing out from her forehead!

Possessing a Grand Heavenly Immortal’s physique, she should have been an everlasting existence. Yet, she now seemed like a frail mundane maiden who was plague-ridden.

The Prime Clear lineage bigwig – the Incongruence Divine Mother was currently laying weakly on the floor. Her aura was extremely faint and seemed on the verge of collapsing.

While the Immortal Extermination Formation was still confronting the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, the Incongruence Divine Mother did not perish instantly after being caught up in that attack.

However, the Immortal Ending and Green Duckweed Sword hovering beside her shook slightly.

While they didn’t fall off, some jade radiances still resided by the Immortal Ending Sword, yet to be refined completely.

However, Yan Zhaoge and the others’ hearts were thumping even harder.

No matter how high the possibility of striking the Incongruence Divine Mother was, Dao Monarch Lu Ya could only use this secret art once every era. He couldn’t possibly have no follow-ups planned.

Sure enough, within the dark murky river, Demonic qis became all-encompassing.

A giant Golden-bearded Dragon-Headed Fish floated out of the water, already arriving in the vicinity of the Immortal Extermination Formation!

The humongous Dragon-Headed Fish’s figure shook, and he transformed into a Daoist in black garb with a long beard and a dark face. With a silk belt tied to his waist, the Daoist in black was about to enter the Immortal Extermination Formation while wielding his sword.

“Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal!” The Incongruence Divine Mother groaned.

Like the Drake-Headed Immortal, the Spiritual Tusk Immortal, and the Gold Radiance Immortal, he was a Great xeno-Demon who attained the Dao during the Ancient era. They were all taught under the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure.

Later, during the Ancient Investitures of the Gods war, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal was captured by the Western Religion of Buddhism’s second patriarch – Daoist Zhunti.

Later, after the following war that occurred within Buddhism, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal managed to regain his freedom and joined the Astro Mountains Starry Seas.

Previously, even when the Demon Race were fighting against the Western Pure Lands, he had never appeared even once, causing no information regarding him to leak outside. As a result, no one knew if he was alive or not.

Now that he finally appeared, he headed straight toward the Immortal Extermination Formation!

“Daoist Incongruence, since you barely managed to make it out alive, how about resting for a bit? Otherwise, don’t blame me for not considering our past ties and force me to butcher you.” The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal yelled and was about to step into the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Runes were being spewed out from his mouth, which then integrated with the formation.

The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal didn’t know anything about the Immortal Extermination Formation’s manual or any related art.

However, other than the current orthodox Daoism, the Nine Underworlds had also acquired the Immortal Extermination Formation’s manual due to Zhang Buxu’s remains.

By facilitating trade, the Astro Mountains Starry Seas managed to reap their benefits as well.

The Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal was using this opportunity to seize the Immortal Extermination Formation’s authority.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture shot toward the Incongruence Divine Mother to grant the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal this opportunity!

However, before the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal could enter the Immortal Extermination Formation, a deafening bellow resounded from behind.

A surge of Demonic qi even more tyrannical and rampant than his formed into a clump of gold Demonic cloud.

Amidst the clouds, a Demonic ape even more enormous than Yuan Hong was about to emerge.

“Great Sage Equalling Heavens!” Albeit being stronger than the Drake-Headed Immortal and the Spiritual Tusk Immortal, he still felt his scalp tingling with fear.

However, at that moment, Dao Monarch Lu Ya said, “Even without the Yellow Wind, I’m still here waiting for you.”

After shooting an arrow at the strawman, he flipped his palm, causing a gourd to appear in his palm.

A beacon of light shot out from the gourd, which grew to a height of thirty feet. From within the radiance, something as tall as seven inches and a half appeared. It had a pair of brows, eyes, and a pair of wings. From its eyes, two white radiances came enveloping toward the Demonic Monkey within the golden clouds.

Just as the Demonic Monkey was about to emerge from the wreath of golden clouds, the white radiances interrupted his action, causing great disturbance toward his mind.

As the radiance flickered, the colossal Demonic Monkey reverted to the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

That was the treasure that everyone was wary about – the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber!

Yang Jian took in a deep breath and went up to obstruct the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal.

Yet, Dao Monarch Lu Ya didn’t continue slashing the monkey with his Immortal Slaying Flying Saber. Instead, he immediately stashed it back in his gourd, retracting the white radiances which enveloped the Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

Instead of attacking Yang Jian, his next attack was unleashed toward Feng Yunsheng.

Unable to refute the attack, Feng Yunsheng could only use the abyssal chaos to defend against the white radiances capable of freezing one’s mind.

However, with this, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was liberated.

With a flap of his wings, the Great Roc started his skirmish against Yang Jian.

Yang Jian slashed his Three-Pointed Double-edged Saber horizontally, attempting to force the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles back.

However, Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s gourd suddenly shot his white radiances toward Yang Jian.

The famous weapon of carnage was unable to draw any blood but was highly effective in stalling his foes.

Yang Jian transformed once again, allowing his flesh to complement his soul. Gold radiances flickered within his mind, causing a golden lotus to appear.

The golden lotus swayed, preventing the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber from freezing himself. From the golden lotus, one could vaguely sense the presence of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

Only, while Yang Jian wasn’t forced into a trance, his speed of thought still slowed down after being enveloped by the white radiances.

As orthodox Daoism was incapable of stopping the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal anymore, the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal finally barged into the Immortal Extermination Formation!