Chapter 1619 - Establishing A New World, Prelude Of A New Chapter

Chapter 1619: Establishing a New World, Prelude of a New Chapter

“If they truly plan on using the Nine Underworlds, then the moment of action still depends on the Nine Underworlds.” Yan Zhaoge sunk deep into thought, “But, others could also intervene with the Nine Underworlds, allowing them to stall more time.”

“Once everyone’s preparations are complete, that’s when everything shall unfold.”

“If the Nine Underworlds had truly completed their preparations, if others were neither ready nor had the freedom of putting a temporary stop to the Nine Underworlds’ progress, then they won’t be able to utilize this opportunity for their own,” said Yan Zhaoge as he continued his ponder.

Of course, being unable to utilize this opportunity didn’t mean being indifferent to the matter.

As the saying goes, being unable to accomplish anything doesn’t mean you can’t be a liability.

Those who weren’t ready could disrupt those who had completed preparations.

Otherwise, if their foes succeeded, a hostile Dao Ancestor would be born.

In this sort of occasion, foiling others’ plans would only bring benefits to oneself.

Even without receiving anything noteworthy, they could still make preparations beforehand and get ready for the next stage.

The ferocity of the impending calamity won’t be inferior to when the war for the Immortal Extermination Formation transpired. In fact, it might even be much more vicious and deadly.

To a certain extent, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others who attempted to seize the Immortal Extermination Formation won’t be satisfied with just sharing the Immortal Extermination Four Swords equally. They were also planning on adding their prowess, stabilizing their foundations to increase their chances of victory in the upcoming skirmish.

“Dao Monarch Lu Ya still has to search for a vessel suitable for the Devil of Fire to reincarnate in. This matter is a considerably time-consuming one, and even so, finding one befitting these criteria would be extremely toilsome.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “However, long before the Great Calamity, and even in the early years of this era, he had already been making preparations. In the end, he’d most likely be able to catch up to the upcoming event.”

Yan Di said, “Perhaps, he or the Nine Underworlds will be the instigator.”

Either everyone waits for the Nine Underworlds after Dao Monarch Lu Ya is finally ready.

Or the Nine Underworlds were already ready and were waiting for Lu Ya along with others.

Relatively speaking, the former was more likely to happen.

“Perhaps, the wait will be a long one.” Yang Jian smiled, “Some changes are likely to happen in between.”

“Other than the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and Dao Monarch Lu Ya, are there any others who achieved the final step of the Grand Heavenly peak Realm?” After pondering for a bit, he asked, “Has Mahamayuri accumulated all of his Shakyamuni Sariras?”

Yang Jian replied, “According to what senior apprentice-uncle Xuan Du relayed to the Elder Lord, there should be a total of five Shakyamuni Sariras. As for how many Mahamayuri has, I’m not certain, but I’m fairly sure he had yet to collect all of them.”

During the previous skirmish, Mahamayuri and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles conversed through the usage of voice transmission. Hence, its contents were unbeknownst to anyone else.

As such, Yang Jian and the others were oblivious to how many sarira Mahamayuri had, or that one of them was with the Future Buddha.

However, seeing how the Dipankara Archaic Buddha relied on the sarira to trade for Mahamayuri’s tutelage, it was evident that Mahamayuri had yet to assemble all the sariras.

After all, if Mahamayuri joined the fray, an arduous ordeal would await the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

“Despite both of them being Buddhist bigwigs, their opportunity still lies on the Nine Underworlds.” As Yan Zhaoge continued his ponder, he said, “Dao Monarch Lu Ya incarnated as the Vairocana Buddha during the Middle era, and became affiliated with Buddhism. It seems like they’re all waiting for this opportunity.”

Yang Jian said, “Barely any outsiders are aware of anything, as matters related to this were considerably obscure to begin with. So it’s only because everyone’s paying attention to this that some information was leaked.”

No one would hope for their pathway paved with efforts to collapse from the intervention of someone else, causing their future to fall into shambles and plundering them into the sea of distraught.

Regarding this matter, slowly reaping benefits from the sidelines would be the most beneficial thing to do.

Unfortunately, all the attention was gathered at this place. One couldn’t possibly hope to remain low-key just because they desired so.

Divinations aside, a person’s preparations and the essential items coveted after would unveil the person’s intentions.

However, despite so, everyone was still forced to thread on. They couldn’t halt their progress just because of some hurdles.

As all their previous efforts became in vain, it would be even more challenging for them to approach the Dao Realm.

“No matter what, at least our Daoism also has someone like that,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

“Even so, we still don’t know when this opportunity shall descend upon us.” Yang Jian said, “Before that, all we can do is continue improving our prowess and accumulate more strength. Otherwise, once it arrives, all our efforts might be blindly given away to others, leaving us to lament for our incompetence.”

The Three Clears Lineage finally acquired the Immortal Extermination Formation, allowing their current situation to change drastically. Now, they finally have the confidence to stabilize their standings.

However, cautiousness was still required if they intended to continue progressing further.

After all, both Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Mahamayuri, and Dao Monarch Lu Ya had Dao Ancestors backing them.

Everyone seemed to be coveting after the Nine Underworlds’ piece of meat. Of course, the Nine Underworlds wouldn’t just suffer silently with the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil around.

As for Bhikkhu Xuan Du, the chances of the Elder Lord aiding him were extremely diminutive.

This was an actual problem where one couldn’t just neglect just because they wished so.

“I thank you for easing my mind off these mysteries.” Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands, “I hope for your triumphant return.”

“I thank you for your kind words.” After bidding Yan Zhaoge and the others farewell, Yang Jian disappeared into the void.

Yan Zhaoge and the others returned on their journey as well.

After striding within the void’s boundless outskirts for a particular time and constantly checking their surroundings, Yan Zhaoge and the others halted their steps by a universe.

“Here then.” Yan Zhaoge nodded at Feng Yunsheng, “Keep your Sea Suppressing Pearl for now.”

Feng Yunsheng replied, “Alright.”

Yan Zhaoge took out the Sea Suppressing Pearl he obtained from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

The pearl bore immense weight and was glittering with five-colored brilliance.

“Compared to the past, today’s world shall be different.” Taking in a deep breath, the profundities of the Heaven Opening Scripture, the Grand Commencement Divine Finger, and the Dragon River Tribulation Scripture were projected together.

Five-colored brilliance shone with unprecedented brightness and started expanding toward the surroundings incessantly.

As the radiance flickered, the Sea Suppressing Pearl also started expanding.

The mass and magnitude resembling a cosmos became clearer, making one’s heart shudder to its tempo.

As it continued to expand, the five-colored brilliance gradually faded, while the Sea Suppressing Pearl disappeared as well. Only space continued expanding incessantly within the void, crushing through the cosmic spaces of the outer world.

Murky darkness representing blank spaces suddenly sprung out within this cosmic area.

As Yan Zhaoge unleashed his might of Heavens Opening, the darkness disintegrated, causing blinding brilliance to shine from within, followed by waves of earths, waters, fires, and winds surging outward.

The insides of the cosmos seethed like boiling water. Unstable spaces appeared one after another and exploded spontaneously like bubbles. Soon after, even more bubbles emerged.

Under Yan Zhaoge’s control, the earth, water, fire, and wind in chaotic disarray returned to their tranquil state.

The inside of the cosmos regained its stability and continued with its very own laws. Then, starlights lit up, marking the birth of the cosmos’ very own stars.

While part of it was unable to move around, a cosmos much broader and monumental than the Awakened Sky Cosmos appeared within the void’s boundless outskirts.

It wasn’t concealed without the intention of being hidden from anyone.