Chapter 1611 - Some Delighted And Some In Dismay

Chapter 1611: Some Delighted and Some In Dismay

No Hatred Heavens.

Tushita Palace.

Witnessing the exquisite realm of divinity, despite never seeing this place before, the name of the Tushita Palace appeared in their minds.

Soon after, a name also popped up in their minds.

The Supreme Elder Lord.

Within the Immortal Extermination Formation, the jade door and the white lotus could not take away the Green Duckweed Sword. They were unable to hinder the Immortal Extermination Formation’s advancement.

When arriving at the No Hatred Heavens, they finally left the Immortal Extermination Formation and abstained from entering with Yan Zhaoge’s group.

The jade door and the white lotus hovered by the outer parts of the heavens. They watched as the Immortal Extermination Formation gradually disassembled, the gold radiances and yellow mists dispersed, and the four swords plunging downward, disappearing without any trace remaining.

The gates to the mundane-looking Tushita Palace opened. Under Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s lead, Yan Zhaoge and the others entered the palace together.

Currently, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha were only focusing on someone.

Within the Tushita Palace, an old man in Daoist robes was taking a nap beside a huge cauldron, as if all that happened outside was of no concern to him.

Seeing the Immortal Extermination Formation enter the No Hatred Heavens, the ancient bell and the green lotus took a turn and returned to their respective territories.

The white lotus podium slowly distanced itself from the jade door and returned to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

After a momentary silence, the jade door decided not to continue his brawl against the white lotus for the Humanly Essence Stone fragment any longer.

The white jade door returned to the Immortal Court.

The grand battle finally came to an end.

Within the void’s boundless outskirts, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, and the others felt an immense weight weighing down on their hearts.

The impact of today’s battle carried a critical influence on the distant future. The results of this battle weren’t ideal for the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race. As for the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court, the repercussions were even worse.

“Even with all of us, they managed to escape!” The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles gritted his teeth, “Six Souls Banner, Six Souls Banner…”

The Demon Race Great Sage was furious at his foes’ cunningness yet was powerless to do anything.

Whether the Elder Lord would take action or not was one thing, but assaulting the No Hatred Heavens was an entirely different matter.

Not to mention how strong the Elder Lord was, even if other Dao Ancestors worked together, would it rouse the return of Daoism’s Three Clears, who had already transcended?

Moreover, the Six Souls Banner invoked by Grand Heavenly Immortals like the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal and the Cloudy Firmament Fairy, and the Six Souls Banner invoked by Dao Realm bigwigs could very possibly bring out an entirely different result.

No Dao Ancestors were in perfect harmony. On the contrary, they held an abundance of hostility toward each other.

If one side was to experience severe damage, and their reaps of battle couldn’t compensate for their losses, other factions would immediately reap the benefits contained within.

If the Immortal Extermination Formation was unable to be left behind, it was already predetermined that none shall direct their pursuit into the No Hatred Heavens.

Moreover, the appearance of the Six Souls Banner and the three names inscribed above aroused several suspicions.

“In the end, all our efforts were in vain. The rise of orthodox Daoism was inevitable. It seems like our destinies had long been set in stone.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya shook his head and sighed.

No hints of anger were sensed from him.

To him, when the Immortal Extermination Formation crushed the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation and Daoism gained overwhelming dominance over the battlefield, the victor of this battle had already been decided.

In this battle, other than Mahamayuri, who reigned over almost all he deemed as enemies, the Demon Race and orthodox Buddhism had practically never clashed against each other.

To seize the Immortal Extermination Formation, the two sides spent all their efforts in breaking through Daoism’s line of defense and rarely did anything to hold their allies back.

On the other hand, orthodox Daoism alone managed to withstand the assault coming from the two factions. They prevailed until the Immortal Ending Sword was successfully cleansed, allowing the Immortal Extermination Formation to be erected completely.

If more time were stalled, then the victor might have still been uncertain.

After all, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens harnessed by Yan Zhaoge and the others had a time limit.

Once this time period ended, the tables might have turned around completely.

However, what-ifs were already pointless. In the end, orthodox Daoism was the side that claimed victory.

The other factions had practically suffered from a double whammy.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s injuries aside, he even lost his Immortal Slaying Flying Saber. After his gourd was sealed by the Triratna Jade Scepter, it fell into the Heavenly River and was pulled into the Immortal Extermination Formation, disappearing alongside the formation.

The decrepit Qin of Fuxi was originally one of Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s trump cards to preserve his life from other Dao Ancestors.

Trading it with orthodox Daoism netted him some other benefits as well. Its usage of obstructing the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Amitabha had also played out precisely as he wanted to. Unfortunately, things didn’t proceed as he planned.

Moreover, the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture, usable only once a century, was practically wasted.

Through this battle, Dao Monarch Lu Ya lamented for his significant losses.

What’s more, the Yellow Wind Demon and the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal had perished during this battle, while others were all ridden with wounds.

The vitality of the entire Astro Mountains Starry Seas had practically taken a considerable blow.

“Let’s all see how the next round proceeds. Unfortunately, another player had joined the field.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya sighed and left along with the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and other Great Demons.

The Buddhist Bhantes also had no intentions of fighting any further.

The impact of today’s events had added countless variables to the future. As a result, they had to sort their plans quickly and readjust their strategies.

“We thank thee for thine assistance.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha pressed his hands and bowed toward Mahamayuri, “Unfortunately, the Immortal Extermination Formation was advantageous in speed. Otherwise, thou wouldst surely stand triumphant.”

“Great Sage Equalling Heavens, what a befitting title.” Mahamayuri said, “Even without an indestructible Demonic form, he and I held a fifty-fifty chance for victory.”

He shook his head and transformed into a ray of Buddha light, departing from this area.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha silently stared at the Victorious Fighting Buddha and said nothing.

Even with the Green Lotus Treasured Flag’s protection, the Western Pure Lands had suffered quite the significant losses as well, losing both the Meritorious Splendour Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit.

Dipankara himself had even lost six Sea Suppressing Pearls. From today onward, his twenty-four heavens shan’t ever be in the complete form.

Moreover, there was one question he had to put into consideration.

Compared to orthodox Buddhism, while the Demon Race’s sufferings were even more significant, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus barely suffered any losses.

On the contrary, the Future Maitreya Buddha finally managed to escape from the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and refined the Humanly Essence Stone fragment in the end.

The Immortal Court, currently allied with the Western Pure Lands, had lost the Immortal Ending Sword previously preserved in their hands, allowing orthodox Daoism to collect all Immortal Extermination Four Swords.

Moreover, their number of Grand Heavenly Immortals was already inferior to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, to begin with, yet now another Percussion Heavenly Lord had perished. This was practically an act of adding insults to an injury.

After this incident, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would be forced to remain on guard at all times.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation in orthodox Daoism’s hands, the two heretic factions were the ones facing the most threat, especially the Immortal Court, who accumulated endless grudges with orthodox Daoism during the past centuries or so.

If the Immortal Court and the Western Pure Lands were to be classified as one faction, while the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race were another, then no one could say for sure which faction would be impacted even more by today’s battle.

Only one thing was certain – that orthodox Daoism was the most outstanding winner.

“Seizing the Immortal Extermination Formation was all for our next round. With our failure, the variables increased manifold.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha shut his eyes and let out a soft sigh.