Chapter 1613 - Spoils Of War

Chapter 1613: Spoils of War

The battles that happened during the era of chaos before creation was established and the battle Primitive era when creation was inaugurated were far more intense and vicious than now.

Not only did primitive lifeforms and experts of earlier heavens meet their demise, but even Dao Realm bigwigs had also perished back then.

It was jarringly apparent how prominent Daoism’s Three Clear Grand Masters were, occupying their positions despite existing during such a timeline.

During the Ancient era, when the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and other bigwig experts joined Daoism one after another, Daoism was able to experience its absolute prime.

Even after the war of Investiture Gods, where internal strife occurred within Daoism, creating what’s known as the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

Moreover, the Three Clears Grand Masters had transcended together during the very end of the Ancient era.

However, precisely due to the Three Clears Grand Masters’ transcendence, the line between the Ancient era and the Middle era marked the downfall of Daoism.

From the start of the Middle era to the Great Calamity that transpired during this era, Daoism had declined from its prime state.

Whether it would make a comeback or continue declining would depend on its successors, like Yan Zhaoge and the others.

Today’s success in seizing the Immortal Extermination Formation had opened the path leading to Daoism’s flourishment. The light shining in the forward passageway wasn’t a meager sliver of spark but a beacon of light beaming with hope.

Only, whether this light continued shining even brighter or extinguishes after a momentary dazzle would depend on the future.

No matter what, today was a day of historical significance.

“Even individuals as strong as the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil and the Fuxi Sovereign had perished, so we definitely shouldn’t be too prideful for our achievements.” As the Cloudy Firmament Fairy spoke, she stared at the Qin of Fuxi in Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s embrace, where all strings had been snapped apart.

Yan Zhaoge touched his lips and let out a sigh.

So far, the two Dao Realm bigwigs who were confirmed to have perished had met their ends during the Primitive era.

The first was the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil, and the second was one of the Ancient Three Sovereigns – the Fuxi Sovereign.

Speaking of it, according to common sense, the Three Clears’ dominance should’ve aroused the fear of other Dao Ancestors, causing them to join forces together for the sake of opposing Daoism.

Only fate decided that someone else was the greater enemy of the mass.

First of all, the Devils stood on the opposing end of all other factions during the Earlier Heavens. They were oppressed by Daoism’s Three Clears, the Ancient Three Sovereigns, and the Western Religion of Buddhism’s Two Patriarchs.

Later, the Fuxi Sovereign became the enemy of the public.

The most orthodox Earlier Heavens Divination of Fuxi was already lost over time, but its reputation remained even during this era.

As one of the strongest Dao Realm bigwig in the field of divination, the Fuxi Sovereign was fated to be feared by the masses.

While he was incapable of looking into the past or future of other Dao Ancestors, merely being able to pry a little into it sufficed in attracting all sorts of hostilities.

Dao Realms were also competing for transcendence.

The Fuxi Sovereign, proficient in the arts of divination, was the prioritized enemy to be taken out in the eyes of other Dao Ancestors.

According to the myths, other than the Nuwa Sovereign and Amitabha, even the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, one of the Ancient Three Sovereigns, joined in the besiegement of the Fuxi Sovereign.

While the Fuxi Sovereign could calculate the past and future of the world, some other Dao Realm bigwigs were somewhat affiliated in this field as well. Even if they were inferior to the Fuxi Sovereign, their disparity wasn’t too far off.

Under everyone’s besiegement, the Fuxi Sovereign finally perished.

The Qin of Fuxi also turned decrepit through this event and was kept away by the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi. Later, it was passed on to Dao Monarch Lu Ya and then to Yang Jian. Finally, in today’s battle, it unleashed its abilities.

“No matter what Dao Monarch Lu Ya thought of when trading us the decrepit Qin of Fuxi, this treasure played an irreplaceable role in today’s battle,” said Yan Zhaoge as he sighed.

The Six Souls Banner could obstruct three Dao Ancestors at once, but it couldn’t obstruct the same person three times.

While the Qin of Fuxi’s four remaining strings couldn’t obstruct four Dao Ancestors at once, it could take effect four times when dealing with one.

Precisely due to these two treasures preventing Dao Ancestors from presiding over the battlefield, orthodox Daoism was able to seize the Immortal Ending Sword and retreat safely without losing anyone.

Now that all strings were snapped apart, the Qin of Fuxi lost all its marvelousness, becoming nothing but a spoiled qin.

However, Yan Zhaoge and the others still bowed toward the Qin of Fuxi, “Later, please preserve this treasure in the Tushita Palace and grant it its deserved peace.”

Thinking back to how Daoism’s Three Clear Grand Masters also participated in the crusade against the Fuxi Sovereign, yet his Qin of Fuxi assisted Daoism in taking that crucial step forward, a complex emotion filled up the hearts of Yan Zhaoge and the others.

“Other than the Qin of Fuxi, a Dao Ancestor is required for the inscription on the Six Souls Banner. Other than the Elder Lord, there’s no one else we can implore to do so.” After a while, Yang Jian finally said.

While speaking, he turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

Understanding what he meant, Yan Zhaoge smiled bitterly, “While he managed to fend off Mahamayuri, there’s still a whole lot of repercussions. In a relatively distant time in the future, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens won’t be able to appear once more. In fact, it might even take more than hundreds of years.

“Even if we could harness the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form, he won’t be able to amalgamate with the Earthly Essence Stone for a very long period.”

Hearing this, everyone else sighed.

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands, “While it’s not like Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture that’s only usable once an era, we shouldn’t pin our hopes on it for the time being. Fortunately, we now possess the Immortal Extermination Formation.”

“Besides, while our opponents suffered from major losses, we managed to reap so many spoils of war.” At the mention of this, Yan Zhaoge looked toward the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, “Daoist Gao, it must’ve been hard for you.”

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor smiled faintly. Then, his sleeve widened, and Gao Han jumped out from within.

In Gao Han’s hands held a gourd, where purple, white, and gold-yellow radiances were flickering by its rim.

It was Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, and the Triratna Jade Scepter temporarily used to seal the gourd away.

Facing Yan Zhaoge’s complex smile, Gao Han frankly said, “I was also risking myself, you know? After all, there were far too many experts present, and our success was mainly due to our luck. Moreover, I have to thank the Young Heavenly Lord for showing mercy to me.”

When the clash occurred within the Heavenly River, the intensity prevented the combatants from paying attention to other matters.

Gao Han secretly sneaked into the Heavenly River and kept his distance away from the true battlefield. While concealing from the side, he watched as the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber was sealed by the Triratna Jade Scepter and fell into the undulating Heavenly River.

When the Immortal Extermination Formation crushed the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, Gao Han used the opportunity to grab the gourd.

However, the Heavenly River was pulled in by the Immortal Extermination Formation, naturally dragging Gao Han inside as well. Fortunately, he received the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s protection and was brought along to the No Hatred Heavens.

“Prosperity lies amidst danger after all. I understand how much effort you put into this.” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze constantly shifted between the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han.

When looking at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the North Star Emperor’s gaze remained peaceful, but he let out a sigh.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor took down the radiance sealing the gourd, and the radiance transformed back into a jade scepter flickering with three disparate colors.

“This treasure is of major significance to me. Please understand, and give this to me.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said, “Other than this, I won’t take any spoils of war.”

As he spoke, a five-colored radiance appeared before him.

After the radiances dissipated, a pearl appeared from within. The pearl seemed to bear immense weight, and a vast domain seemed to be stashed within as if an actual cosmos was lurking within the pearl.

It was the Sea Suppressing Pearl.