Chapter 1617 - Giving Others A Chance, Giving Yourself A Chance

Chapter 1617: Giving Others a Chance, Giving Yourself a Chance

“Many people are waiting for this opportunity…” Yan Zhaoge repeated.

Everyone looked at each other and said in unison, “… The opportunity to ascend to the Dao Realm?”

An opportunity for a Grand Heavenly Immortal, a Demon Race Great Sage, or a Blessed Lands Buddha to ascend to the Dao Realm!

The closer you are to the Dao Realm, the harder it becomes.

Not only did they have to break through their hurdles, but they also had to face the challenge coming from other opponents.

In the battle for the great dao and such opportunity, harming others won’t ever bring about any repercussions.

Everytime you damage someone, your chances would increase. The lesser the chances for your opponents, the higher the chance for you.

In other words, the lesser competitors there were, the higher the chance.

In the past, after the Gautama Buddha’s transcendence, the Maitreya Buddha was originally supposed to inherit his position and become the new owner of the central Blessed Lands of Saha due to his unique heritage.

However, he ended up making a fool out of himself. Unable to do anything, he could only change his direction and turn the central Blessed Lands of Saha into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

This incident had brought about outcomes that would severely affect the future of the Blessed Lands. On the other hand, the Maitreya Buddha, now known as the Future Buddha, had ascended to the Dao Realm; he had stabilized the Blessed Lands’ destiny and ended up causing an internal dispute.

Many Buddhist Bhantes perished, while another large batch of Bhantes turned to join the Western Pure Lands instead.

During the Great Calamity, the havoc within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace led to the birth of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. Yan Zhaoge guessed that all of these were caused by a certain Daoism Heavenly Immortal.

In the end, that individual succeeded and became the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord as he ascended to the Dao Realm. His attainment of a Dao Ancestor’s physique ended up promulgating the start of a calamity, which engulfed the entire great thousand universes.

The entire orthodox Daoism was affected by this calamity of terror. It wasn’t until today where they finally showed signs of recovery.

Most other Dao Ancestors were born before the Earlier Heavens. After confirming that Daoist Zhunti incarnated the Gautama Buddha, it also proved that only the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Future Buddha managed to ascend to the Dao Realm during the Later Heavens.

Being at the pinnacle of the Grand Heavenly Realm, who wouldn’t covet after the Dao Realm?

At this point, even if they cultivated the same martial arts and lineage, their paths of ascending to the Dao Realm were more or less different.

Other than their efforts, luck also played a huge factor.

No matter what, such a huge opportunity was limited.

For example, the usage of the Humanly Essence Stone to converge faith powers. This path was already used by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha and couldn’t possibly contain another anomaly.

Meanwhile, the two were constantly affected by one another, resulting in them becoming arch-nemesis lasting until now.

Different people and different paths. Yet, in the end, they might have to fight after the same opportunity.

Oftentimes, an opportunity can only benefit one single person.

“Nine Underworlds…” Feng Yunsheng took a deep breath.

While the Devils were carefully conducting their plans in hiding, others had never forgotten about them at all. Only, since the time had yet to arrive, everyone remained at the planning stage.

“Isn’t this just like the new year customs of common folks? Rearing a pig till it’s at the appropriate size for eating and butchering it during the new year time for a prosperous year,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

Yang Jian smiled and shook his head, “They do seem similar. Only, instead of a pig, it’s a wild boar instead. A rough skin, a hard pelt, bearing boundless strength and equipped with sharp tusks. If one becomes careless, they might be headbutted to death by said wild boar.”

Feng Yunsheng wasn’t able to smile. She thought about Jian Shunhua and thought of herself.

A foreboding calamity was slowly closing in. As all the factions continued brawling against each other, no one could keep the situation under their control, nor could the final results be deduced before it ended.

In such a calamity, what kind of role would she play, and what awaits her at the end?

“Surely even seniors of our Daoism are going to participate in this bout with the Nine Underworlds, right?” Yan Zhaoge turned his head and looked to his back.

The No Hatred Heavens and the Tushita Palace were located in the lofty and ethereal plane. To those situated in the void’s boundless outskirts, directions were practically indiscernible.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s actions portrayed his intentions very clearly.

The Elder Lord paid no attention when trading the Immortal Extermination Sword with the Nine Underworlds using the Supreme Heavenly Devil’s authority. He gave all management rights to Bhikkhu Xuan Du. In the end, Bhikkhu Xuan Du also agreed with the trade.

If you sought after something, you should be willing to part with something.

This concept applied to the Nine Underworlds and those who set their sights on the Nine Underworlds.

For example, the Western Pure Lands used the Faceless Heavenly Devil’s authority to request the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil’s aid.

Not only was it for the sake of seizing the Immortal Extermination Formation, but it was also to lay down the groundwork for their future actions.

As such, when Daoism coveted after the Immortal Extermination Formation and was searching for the Immortal Extermination Four Swords, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil brought the Immortal Extermination Sword from the Nine Underworlds to the Tushita Palace.

If Daoism detained the Supreme Heavenly Devil and prevented the Nine Underworlds from making any advancements, other factions wouldn’t stand a chance.

This opportunity required the cooperation of everyone to be created.

Giving others a chance was equivalent to giving yourself a chance as well.

Everyone was aware of this. Not only was this an act of tact, but it was also a method of scheming others for self-protection.

As for who wins in the end and whose efforts met no return, that would depend on each competitors’ luck and techniques.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du should also be aware of this and was going along with the flow.

While he was a disciple of the Elder Lord, he still had to fight against others if he sought the Dao Realm.

“Indeed. More than one, in fact. Only, they aren’t taking action solely for the events pertaining to the Nine Underworlds alone. Of course, they would take action depending on the changes in the situation,” said Yang Jian.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Right. Everything is inextricably linked together, and all matters are practically intertwined together. Only amidst the chaotic upheaval would an opportunity present itself.”

In truth, orthodox Daoism was also constantly seeking opportunities amidst the upheavals caused by other forces.

If Daoism had a Dao Ancestor presiding over them, then their standing would be entirely different.

“Are you involved in this as well?” Yan Zhaoge asked. Yang Jian shook his head, “Unfortunately, no. My path ahead is still fairly unclear, and my thoughts have yet to be sorted out. Most likely, my opportunity of ascending to the Dao Realm isn’t in the skirmish with the Nine Underworlds.”

“But, I would be willing to see a Dao Ancestor appearing from our ranks of Daoism.”

He might be strong and near unparalleled, but it didn’t imply that he was prepared to ascend to the Dao Realm.

Different situations occurring between different individuals were fairly ordinary occurrences.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered slightly. After looking at Feng Yunsheng, he started pondering, “The Nine Underworlds…”

To them, perhaps the Dao Realm was still an unreachable objective. Only, they weren’t able to excuse themselves from the upcoming cataclysm.

Not only Feng Yunsheng, Nie Jingshen as well…

“The Elder Lord seems more like he’s going with the flow. He didn’t object Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s decision, but also doesn’t seem like he intends on having another addition of Dao Ancestor to Daoism…” Yan Zhaoge cut off his thought process and told Yang Jian, “He seems not to mind if the Nine Underworlds could erect the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, if the Primordial Heavenly Devil would be unsealed, or if the Doomsday Heavenly Devil would descent.”

Yang Jian said, “The Elder Lord’s thoughts are unfathomable. Whether he agrees or not doesn’t imply his true intentions. Even if he rejected it, no one would be surprised.”

“Since you have yet to complete your preparations, I wonder who are the ones anticipating this event?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

“For now, the one with the most solid preparations should be the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.” Yang Jian said, “Back during the Middle era, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha had already advanced to the final stage of the Grand Heavenly Realm. Now, he just requires an opportunity for his ascent to the Dao Realm.”

However, the disparity between the final stage of the Grand Heavenly Realm to the start of the Dao Realm was far too significant. The Immortal Realm and the Dao Realm were two completely different concepts, even when comparing the Grand Heavenly Realm and those beyond the Grand Heavenly Realm.

“I heard others mentioning that the Dipankara Archaic Buddha was the one who destroyed the Maitreya Buddha’s path, which forced him to take another path forward?” asked Yan Zhaoge.