Chapter 1624: Retain Defensive Stance, With Some On Assault

Chapter 1624: Retain Defensive Stance, with Some On Assault

Daoism’s situation might have changed, but now wasn’t the time for celebration yet.

If they truly intended to rekindle the prosperous state of prime they had during the times of yore, a long and arduous ordeal still awaited them.

A single misstep could cause their downfall, causing their advantageous stance today to all be forfeited.

Yan Zhaoge was well aware of this as well. While not losing his drive of motivation, he still retained his cautiousness as well.

After lamenting for their forebears, the group of people left the Bright Connection Valley.

“In the past, I took a pledge using the Dim Radiant Wheel beneath the Canghua Divine Tree that all who participated in Dim Radiant Yin’s besiegement shall die by the Dim Radiant Wheel, and the weapon shall take revenge on its own.” Yan Zhaoge said, and he continued striding forward, “Unfortunately, when I hunted down He Mian in the heretics’ territories, I had no luxury of time and was unable to take revenge on all of them.”

He lowered his head and looked at the wheel of radiance glowing in his hand, “In the future, I will surely fulfill my promise.”

“I’m sure you will. However, heed my advice, and don’t act too rashly,” said Xue Chuqing.

“Relax, I understand.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

While Daoism was occupied with the development of their territories and attracted the attention of countless other forces, they also continued paying attention to the movements of the outside world.

The Western Pure Lands and the Astro Mountain Starry Seas had already ceased their warfare.

As for the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha were no longer seen participating, leaving only the experts of their factions to be in a skirmish against each other.

However, the intensity of the battle was gradually decreasing.

The Future Buddha was finally able to refine the Humanly Essence Stone fragment. The hundred-year war between the two heretic factions finally ended, entering a new stage of an armistice.

While some frictions would still occur, and small-scale outbreaks happened incessantly, a war of a similar caliber would only commence during the next round.

Daoism’s flourishing state naturally aroused the wariness of both heretic factions, leading them to be on guard against Daoism.

The next round of war required a new kindle. Otherwise, them fighting against each other during the next few years was highly unlikely.

Currently, Daoism could move around even without the warring state of conflict, where the commotion was present everywhere, allowing them to avoid gaining traction for their grandiose activities.

Of course, to Yan Zhaoge and the others, watching the others fight from the sidelines was for the best.

“If the Demon Race and orthodox Buddhism don’t interfere, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus would yield the advantage over the Immortal Court.” Yan Zhaoge said, “The Immortal Court might be on the verge of losing, but as long as they defend with all their might, they won’t suffer from any grave losses. At most, they could relinquish some more Immortal Territories and minimize the scale of their lands.”

“Then, I guess we shall just go with the flow?” said Xu Fei.

On one hand, since Daoism had just acquired the Immortal Extermination Formation, this was the moment other forces would be most wary of them. Hence they retracted their bared fangs and quietly watched Daoism’s movements.

If Daoism continued its overbearing stature, the foes might be pressured to execute their counterattacks even if they weren’t willing to.

On the other hand, the current situation had entered a state of subtle balance.

If the Three Clear Lineages chose to aid the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and crushed the Immortal Court, the Immortal Court’s downfall would naturally result in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ jovial.

Only, with that, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would have nothing else holding him back, and not even the Immortal Extermination Formation would deter him.

In the end, the biggest beneficiary would only be the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Of course, going with the flow didn’t mean that orthodox Daoism could live in harmony with the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Revenge would surely be taken, but the time had yet to ripen.

For now, orthodox Daoism’s utmost priority would be using this safe environment for the sake of improving and accumulating more strength and prowess.

“The Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others are waiting for the opportunity that will sprout from the Nine Underworlds.” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze remained nonchalant, “Making up a plan for this occurrence is also considerably important to us.”

If the Three Clear Lineage could have an additional Dao Realm bigwig, their standing shall change drastically once again.

“Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s opportunity of ascent to the Dao Realm also depends on the Nine Underworlds.” Feng Yunsheng said, “He would be directly competing against the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and the others.”

Which was why they fought for the Immortal Extermination Formation so desperately.

The existence of the Immortal Extermination Formation was the most crucial source of reliance for the ensuing fight pertaining to the Dao Realm opportunity.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others had similar thoughts. That was why they participated in the risky venture, only to be met with failure at the final phase.

To a certain extent, the fight for the Immortal Extermination Formation laid the groundwork for the following battle for the great dao.

The fight for the great dao would be even more violent and even more intense.

A Dao Ancestor alone wasn’t enough to deal with the Immortal Extermination Formation. Only with four Dao Realm bigwigs working together would the formation be shattered and the swords be taken.

On the other hand, the Immortal Extermination Formation had no effects on Dao Realm bigwigs, even if they multiplied in numbers. Not to mention four, even four hundred formations wouldn’t scathe a Dao Ancestor.

This was the disparity between the Immortal Extermination Formation and a Dao Realm bigwig.

Which was why the Immortal Extermination Formation was classified as something that triumphed over other Grand Heavenly Realms but remained beneath the Dao Realm.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were well aware of this fact.

“Generally speaking, we can now launch an assault if an opportunity so arises, but our stance remains as a defensive one.” Yan Zhaoge’s finger lightly tapped his temples.

In the past, they weren’t even able to put on any defense and could only resort to fleeing all around, using the skirmishes between their foes to their advantage, undergoing risks for the sake of greater returns.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation, they could now stand their ground and challenge others on equal standing. However, their overall situation was still on a somewhat defensive stance.

If another Dao Ancestor could be added to the orthodox Daoism, then they could use this to counterattack and automatically encroach upon their enemies, allowing for an assert of dominance.

That was naturally the phenomenon where Shao Junhuang, Hu Yuexin, and the others looked forward to.

“Either we become stronger, or our enemies become weaker.” Yan Zhaoge pondered for a while and said, “Let’s think of ways to hold Dipankara and Lu Ya back.”

Yan Di said, “Not just the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and Dao Monarch Lu Ya. Most of the time, to prevent others from intervening, those who planned on ascending to the Dao Realm would keep their progress and encountered opportunities hidden.”

“Dipankara, Lu Ya, and Bhikkhu Xuan Du are the ones publicly known to be closest to the Dao Realm. However, some others might be on the same level as well. Perhaps, the upcoming opportunity originating from the Nine Underworlds would have more contenders.”

Yan Di said, “What’s more, no one knows when this impending catastrophe will arrive. All sides are merely busy fighting for their sakes.”

“While others viewed the Nine Underworlds as livestock, Yang Erlang had described them perfectly – a wild boar that could run rampant at any given moment, massacring its hunter in the process.” Yan Zhaoge raised his head, pat his forehead, and laughed in a self-jeering manner, “When fighting for the Immortal Extermination Formation, didn’t the others also suffer from our hands in the same manner?”

After letting out a long sigh, he said, “We finally managed to acquire this rare opportunity of development using the Immortal Extermination Formation, so we should use this chance wisely.”

“Moreover, last time, we had to remain in hiding and conceal ourselves from the world.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “Since our situation is now different, I wonder what good news will come to us if this was announced to the public.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.