Chapter 1625: Yan Zhaoge’S Wild Idea

Chapter 1625: Yan Zhaoge’s Wild Idea

While many Daoism forebears were already confirmed to have been dead, there were still others whose whereabouts were still unknown, and even whether they were dead or alive remained to be a mystery.

Naturally, Yan Zhaoge and the others hoped for more of their brethren to remain alive.

However, the void’s boundless outskirts were far too vast, and locating them was a far too arduous task.

Even if there were some still alive, the comprehension of such drastic changes in the world wasn’t possible in such a short amount of time.

Being in hiding for so many years, not to mention finding others, even their communication with the outside world was minimal.

Others couldn’t find them, while they couldn’t interact with the information from the outside world.

Perhaps, the moment they realized how much orthodox Daoism had changed, countless years would have already passed.

In this regard, Yan Zhaoge and the others could only hope for the best.

“

Oh,

right. Do you have anything special in mind for the remaining Sea Suppressing Pearl?” asked Xu Fei.

“Special? No. Later, I will establish another cosmos and provide a place for others to reproduce and multiply.” Yan Zhaoge said, “However, regarding this particular cosmos and the worlds within, I do have some things I intend to try.”

“

Oh?

What is it?” The others became amused by his words.

Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “The heretics are opportunistic scoundrels, and as a result, created countless situations of dereliction. I’m sure we’re all aware of this fact.”

“While we aren’t on the same line as them, there is one truth we have to accept – that the heretics improve faster and easier than us. While they can’t produce a large batch of top-notch experts in one go, they still hold a huge advantage over the number of Profound Immortals. Most importantly, they can compensate for them within a short amount of time.”

Feng Yunsheng and the others quietly listened to Yan Zhaoge’s words without butting in or showing any dispute.

“They have lots of drawbacks, but there is something I think we should learn from.” Yan Zhaoge spread his palm, “The heretics’ entry level is much lower compared to us.”

The path of martial arts for orthodox Daoism had certain requirements for the practitioner’s talents.

Certainly, diligence could compensate for the lack of talent.

However, those blessed with talent could also be as diligent as any others.

Moreover, the lifespan of mankind had its limits. Only after their cultivations reach a specific realm would they finally have further additions to their lifespan.

Even if diligence could make up for one’s weakness, most of the time, the “weakness” had its lowest limits. Otherwise, without others eliminating the practitioner, the natural laws of time and age would eliminate a large majority of them.

Orthodox Buddhism was better than Daoism in this regard. While some martial arts greatly challenge the practitioner’s skills of comprehension, some others emphasize perseverance.

However, there weren’t many who possessed perseverance far exceeding others.

In terms of entry barriers, the heretics could improve far swifter compared to orthodox Daoists and Buddhists.

However, in Yan Zhaoge’s point of view, while the martial arts of heretics allowed for a swift improvement, they also contained a drastic drawback.

“Whenever I look at them, I always ponder, ‘is there a way to lower our orthodox Daoism’s entry level’?” Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples.

Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, and the others looked at each other, “Does this mean that you have something in mind?”

“Not really, hence why I’d like to experiment some stuff.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head.

“Do you… Could you possibly be thinking of mimicking the Nine Underworlds’ Infernal Devils’ method of Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid?” asked Feng Yunsheng with slight hesitation.

If there were any other martial arts with quicker improvements than the heretics, it would undoubtedly be the Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid.

On one hand, after undergoing the process, one couldn’t be certain if “you” will remain as “yourself.”

On the other hand, this martial art would perhaps be the one that tested the practitioners’ innate talents to the utmost limits.

“Somewhat. While my intention differs from it, it did give me some inspiration.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Right now, I only have a vague concept in mind. After experimenting more with this new idea, I’ll continue discussing it when I attain some accomplishments.”

He looked toward Xue Chuqing and changed the topic, “Fu Ting and the others…”

“There wasn’t any strange commotion,” said Xue Chuqing as she shook her head.

During the Immortal Extermination Formation fight, Yan Zhaoge and other heirs of Daoism were secretly on guard against something.

Fu Ting, Meng Wan, and He Xixing were implanted with looming problems originating from the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

When Daoism was fighting for the Immortal Extermination Formation and simultaneously facing off against other forces, they could be considered to have gone all-out, as all the top-notch experts present had taken part in the skirmish.

While fighting without holding back, Yan Zhaoge didn’t forget to set up a defense within his territory and had someone else presiding over it.

Fu Yunchi, who had just broken through the Pure Profound Realm, had been sticking together with his two daughters and his disciple.

Before his departure, Yan Zhaoge also made some arrangements and had Fu Yunchi watch over it at all times. If they were forcefully illuminated from a distance by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, at least the ruckus wouldn’t affect the Sky beyond Skies and the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

Fortunately, in the end, no commotions were caused.

However, Yan Zhaoge didn’t think that the Immortal Court had forgotten about this matter.

Especially when Yan Zhaoge’s condition was similar to Fu Ting and the others in many others’ eyes.

As for why nothing happened to Fu Ting, Meng Wan, and He Xixing, perhaps the countermeasure Yan Zhaoge and the others prepared had taken effect.

Or perhaps, they had some other intentions…

“We’ve already done our best for now. Before obtaining other clues, let’s not rush to a conclusion.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “I’ll head to the Roving Jade Heavens first to check up on senior apprentice-sister Yu.”

Under everyone’s cooperation, Yu Ye’s injuries were gradually healing.

After almost a century had passed, the world underwent drastic reformations, ushering for a brand-new epoch.

The reason why Yu Ye had yet to regain her senses was due to Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, and the others waiting for her to be in a better condition.

The injuries she suffered back then were far too severe, even almost causing her to perish.

Generally speaking, even if she awoke from the slumbering recovery, her vitality could still be gravely affected, greatly damaging her foundations in the process.

This wasn’t something Yan Zhaoge and the others were willing to see.

Their previous bustling activities were to fight for a much better outcome for the future.

However, after she wakes up, Yu Ye would be forced to confront many different matters.

Yan Zhaoge strongly believed that Yu Ye could handle them, given how resolute she was. However, just because she could handle it doesn’t mean that he could neglect the agonizing torment imposed on her…

“What’s inevitable will ultimately arrive.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, left the Sky beyond Skies, and headed toward the Roving Jade Heavens.

After arriving at his location and checking up on Yu Ye’s condition, Yan Zhaoge told Long Xueji, standing beside him, “Two more treatment courses, and she should be fine. By then, we can try to wake her from her slumber. Only, if we intend to recover her lost vitality, some preparations are still required, especially some treasures that require much effort to gather. Unfortunately, information related to these treasures is considerably limited.”

“That’s already good enough.” Long Xueji stared at his niece, a look filled with warmth overwhelming his face.

Among the three siblings, the second eldest sister – Long Xuening had already perished with her husband, leaving only this orphan behind.

While practitioners viewed the passing of others as insignificant, Long Xueji would still be filled with guilt toward his sister if Yu Ye were to perish.

Seeing that Yu Ye had hopes for recovery, he was naturally filled with joy.

At that moment, Gao Xuebo entered within and immediately asked, “How is Little Ye’s condition?”

Hearing the confirmations of her wellbeing from Yan Zhaoge and Long Xueji, Gao Xuebo said, “Mother just informed us that Dao Monarch Lu Ya had sent a straw doll to the Tushita Palace through Bhikkhu Xuan Du.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.