Chapter 1626: The More The Merrier

Chapter 1626: The More The Merrier

“Straw doll?” Yan Zhaoge’s brows raised slightly, “Is it related to the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture?”

Gao Xuebo nodded, “That’s right. According to what Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Incongruence Divine Mother said, with this straw doll, a secret art could be performed to hasten the Incongruence Divine Mother’s recovery.”

“That is indeed possible.” While pondering, Yan Zhaoge nodded.

After thinking about it for a moment, he smiled and said, “Dao Monarch Lu Ya intends to project an apologetic stance with this action of his. However, this alone doesn’t suffice. Surely, he’ll have other methods to compensate for her.”

“Dao Monarch Lu Ya was born during the Earlier Heavens and had experienced the path of Daoist, Buddhist, and Demons. With how sturdy his foundations and accumulations throughout the years must’ve been, he might have something which might interest the Incongruence Divine Mother.”

The so-called “accumulation” didn’t just imply one’s strength.

Often, a secret unbeknownst to others or the possession of something coveted after by others was far more effective than one’s prowess. The key here was how to use it to your advantage.

The fight for the Immortal Extermination Formation was for the common interest of Daoism.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya gravely wounded the Incongruence Divine Mother. If she intended to take revenge on him, she would have to use the Immortal Extermination Formation, which concerned the entire Daoism.

However, if she decided not to take revenge, it would instead be a private matter, allowing for the Incongruence Divine Mother to make decisions independently.

Since Gao Qingxuan had passed this information to others, then it was clear that Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s offer had moved the Incongruence Divine Mother.

Yan Zhaoge and the others naturally have no objection to this.

“With the Immortal Extermination Formation, us heirs to Daoism aren’t as weak as we were before. Of course, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the Demon Race would think up ways to rebuild our relationship.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “However, cautiousness is still a must.”

While they might be cooperating, frictions were inevitable. After all, they both had things they desired, and competition still prevailed between them.

While Dao Monarch Lu Ya harmed the Incongruence Divine Mother when fighting for the Immortal Extermination Formation, brethren of Daoism had also slain the Yellow Wind Demon and the Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal, causing the Demon Race to suffer from significant losses.

Moreover, two of the Nine-Headed Bug’s heads were crushed by Yang Jian and the monkey, pushing him onto the pressing verge of death.

The Demon Race had all the more reason to exact revenge.

Only, their hostility to another opposing force – the Western Pure Lands was much deeper, hence why they seemed so laid-back with orthodox Daoism.

The same also applied to the Western Pure Lands.

Now that the overall environment had changed, everyone still required time to get accustomed to the current situation. After all, preparations were completed, a new outburst of skirmish and war shall occur.

This was great news for Daoism, as they would have the time to continue expanding their strength while everyone was busy, allowing for more preparation for the following event.

“The important thing here is for another Dao Realm bigwig to emerge in our faction, the Elder Lord aside.” Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “The Incongruence Divine Mother is also a veteran Heavenly Lord who acquired the great dao during the Ancient era. How far away is she from the Dao Realm?”

Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji shook their heads, “As per our knowledge, we still don’t have any concrete information regarding that matter. It would depend on her personal development during the following years.”

After a slight pause, Long Xueji said, “According to what the elder Grand Master had said in the past, the Incongruence Divine Mother once had hopes of ascending to the Dao Realm, but her path was later severed. Now, even after she reformed herself and took another path, the difficulty is far greater, and the percentage of accomplishing this goal is even more diminutive.”

The elder Grand Master he mentioned was naturally the deceased Vine Sovereign – Li Ying, who was born before the Great Calamity.

“I see. No wonder why Dao Monarch Lu Ya could convince her.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “Who was the one that ruined her path?”

Soon as he finished speaking, Yan Zhaoge noticed the weird expressions on Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji’s faces.

“From what we heard, it was the Manjushri Bodhisattva…” Gao Xuebo said, “Also known as the Manjushri Broad Laws Heavenly Lord in the past.”

Yan Zhaoge blinked and laughed while facing the sky, “Today’s weather is truly great…”

Manjushri Broad Laws Heavenly Lord, one of the Jade Clear lineage bigwigs during the Ancient era.

After the Investitures of the Gods war, he entered Buddhism along with the Samantabhadra Cultivated Deity, the Compassionate Cultivated Deity, and Kakusandha during the Middle era. He was incarnated as the Manjushri Bodhisattva, attaining the same rank with the Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, and the others.

After the Middle era, the Mystical Mountain’s Tathagata Buddha, also known as the Gautama Buddha, had transcended. During the battle which transpired after the Maitreya Buddha changed the central Blessed Lands of Saha into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, countless Buddhist Bhantes had perished, including the Manjushri Bodhisattva.

Only, prior to this, Yan Zhaoge was genuinely oblivious to the fact that the Manjushri Bodhisattva had severed the Incongruence Divine Mother’s path before.

“I wonder if the Incongruence Divine Mother had a hidden hand in her sleeves causing Manjushri Bodhisattva’s downfall back then?” Yan Zhaoge thought as a malicious conjecture arose in his heart.

“The same item might be involved in the battle for opportunity between Manjushri and the Divine Mother. Perhaps, with one present, the other wouldn’t ever be able to advance any further.” Gao Xuebo said, “Alas, the deceased is already long gone from the world. Only, it made things a lot harder for the Incongruence Divine Mother.”

Yan Zhaoge continued pondering for a while. Then, he said, “While Bhikkhu Xuan Du had already completed his preparations, having more Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortals fighting to ascend to the Dao Realm would be better. Don’t you agree?”

He relayed the details regarding Dao Monarch Lu Ya, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, and Bhikkhu Xuan Du, awaiting the opportunity of the Nine Underworlds to Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji.

“We’re not sure if the Incongruence Divine Mother can catch up with this event.” After listening to Yan Zhaoge’s words earnestly, Gao Xuebo said, “After all, we aren’t sure when it will start, nor how the outcome of the battle will go. So for now, it’s better if we place our hopes on Bhikkhu Xuan Du.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “For now, that is indeed the case.”

He then looked at Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji, “Senior apprentice-sister Yu’s condition had already stabilized, but for now, I’m thinking of not waking her up yet. I’m only thinking of doing so after locating treasures like the Sanguinary Stone Marrow, the Soul Dissevering Jade, and the Verve Sea Essence first.”

“If we can attain the most optimal outcome, then it would naturally be for the best. However, if we can’t, then it’s better not to insist on it persistently.” Gao Xuebo sighed.

Yan Zhaoge nodded and smiled, “

Oh,

right. Has Little Qing started her Sheathing Edge and Nurturing Sword?”

Hearing his words, Gao Xuebo’s tensed expression relaxed a little, “Yeah, she has. While her temperament is still somewhat unstable, she shouldn’t have much problems with Sheathing Edge and Nurturing Sword. In fact, this is a good opportunity to train her as well.”

Gao Qing was Gao Xuebo’s granddaughter, youthful talent in the Roving Jade Heavens’ Prime Clear lineage with a remarkable reputation. Her cultivation advanced slower than Fu Ting, but she was also younger than Fu Ting, making the two prodigal characters of the Roving Jade Heavens and the World beyond Worlds.

Despite being inferior to Chen Qianhua, Nie Jingshen, Yu Ye, and He Mian, she was still a dashing talent who excelled above others.

Now, Fu Ting had already pushed open the Immortal Door and ascended to the True Immortal Realm.

Gao Qing was slower than Fu Ting, but she had also ascended to the Exalt Martial Saint Realm for quite some time, rivaling her uncle – Long Hanhua.

Considering how arduous a sword practitioners’ journey of improvement was, Gao Qing’s speed of improvement was considerably astounding.

After reaching the Exalt Martial Saint Realm, Gao Qing had also started the process of Sheathing Edge and Nurturing Sword.

Seemingly halting her progress, possibly causing it to remain stagnant for many years, just as it happened to her grandfather – Gao Xuebo.

However, in essence, the process of Sheathing Edge and Nurturing Sword was for one to refine and hone their skills, allowing for an expert to grow even stronger.

Those who could successfully nurture their swords were of an extreme minority, to begin with. This implied that even if they cultivated normally, they still had hopes of pushing open the Immortal Door while relying solely on their talents and strength.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.