Chapter 1629: Cycle Of Supplanting

Chapter 1629: Cycle of Supplanting

To Xu Fei, no matter which combination Yan Zhaoge made, even if it was the combination of splendor of Essence and Soul, his prowess still sufficed in triumphing over others of the Grand Virtual Realm.

In fact, if Yan Zhaoge cultivated the splendor of Qi first, just a single converged crown alone could already fulfill such criteria.

After all, even before cultivating the three splendors, Yan Zhaoge had already slain the Ear Digging Arhat after ascending to the Grand Virtual Realm not long ago. That arhat was someone comparable with a Daoism Virtual Immortal Heavenly Monarch who had manifested the Duo Flowers Converged Crown.

However, with Yan Zhaoge’s current reputation and how things transpired previously, those who dared contest him would only be experts of the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Cultivating the splendor of Qi and increasing his strength further was a necessity for Yan Zhaoge.

“I’ll try to cultivate the splendor of Soul for now and observe its changes later,” said Yan Zhaoge as he looked toward Xu Fei, “How about you? How’s your progress?”

Xu Fei said, “I’ve managed to see some results, but I still have to remain diligent.”

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone, Pan-Pan, and he were bestowed with three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

While harnessing the Golden Body to increase their prowess tremendously, the Golden Body of the Great Sage also silently influenced their bodies.

As the two gradually fused, their boundaries grew thinner and thinner, causing their realm of cultivation to turn enigmatic.

Of course, this wasn’t a Nine Underworlds Great Devil’s Overflowing Lid.

They still had to rely on their efforts to tread forward and surmount the imposing difficulties hindering their advancements.

Especially if they weren’t satisfied with the Golden Body of the Great Sage’s current cultivation realm at the Duo Flowers Converged Crown Virtual Immortal Realm. The efforts they had to put in for an increment in strength weren’t any less inferior than cultivating on their own.

In truth, they had been granted a grandiose opportunity.

However, the opportunity had its limits after all. If they intended to surpass even further and attain ascension, then more efforts had to be made.

“Being able to harness the Golden Body of the Great Sage eases many of my worries.” Xu Fei said, “I’ll just cultivate the splendor of Essence and Soul.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I intend to do the same for the North Ocean Clone.”

After harnessing the Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, both Xu Fei, the North Ocean Clone, and Pan-Pan had suffered from extreme depletion.

Re-cultivating the three splendors and converging the splendor of Essence played a massive part in aiding them with the recovery of vitality.

To a certain extent, this had also increased their overall combat prowess.

Unlike others, these three were considered unique.

“While Little Jun had already reached the Human Exalt Realm, he’s still quite far away from challenging the Immortal Mortal Tribulation. So hopefully, he doesn’t act too hastily,” said Yan Zhaoge.

“Naturally.” Xu Fei smiled and said, “He now holds more confidence over himself, and he’s now a more poised person.”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled and patted his head, “My bad, I’m the one always treating him as a child.”

Xu Fei seemed to have thought of something and said, “

Oh,

right. Junior apprentice-sister Sikong’s foundations have stabilized, and she will be attempting to challenge the Immortal Mortal Tribulation soon. Since she can’t bear to divert her attention, she requested for me to relinquish her position as the Martial Inheritance Hall’s First Seat Elder.”

Among the Broad Creed Mountain experts, Fang Zhun, Sikong Qing, Xia Guang, and Ying Longtu were all preparing for challenging Immortal Mortal Tribulation. The exception would be Yuan Zhengfeng, who had just passed the said tribulation.

“Any replacements?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

Under such circumstances, the former First Seat Elder would usually recommend a successor.

While the sect might not allow it, the opinions of the previous First Seat Elder will play a massive part in the selection.

After all, there wasn’t any factional division in the Broad Creed Mountain, and there weren’t any internal strifes for the sake of power.

“Senior apprentice-aunt Fu and junior apprentice-sister Sikong came together,” said Xu Fei.

Yan Zhaoge came to a realization, “Senior apprentice-aunt Fu will take over her position? She…”

“Probably because of Little Jun, right?” said Xu Fei rather sentimentally.

Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but sigh.

Fu Enshu, the master of Feng Yunsheng and Sikong Qing.

In truth, after Sikong Qing’s cultivation attained a breakthrough, she inherited the position of the Martial Inheritance Hall’s First Seat Elder from Fu Enshu.

Seeing the younger generations attain such accomplishment, the elder generation was able to pass down their original position without worries and focus solely on cultivation. Without bothering with mortal affairs, they strived for an even higher realm in the ways of martial arts.

Not just the Broad Creed Mountain, this was the same for a majority of other sects.

Fu Enshu’s cultivation wasn’t that slow. Currently, she was already at the Martial Saint Ninth Level, at the Late Immortal Bridge Realm. She was only a step away from the Human Exalt Realm.

When taking her age into account, she was currently still considered as young.

However, both Feng Yunsheng and Sikong Qing had already surpassed her.

Moreover, Sikong Qing’s speed of growth was much quicker than her master.

This implied that if nothing were to happen in the future, then Fu Enshu wouldn’t ever get the chance to surpass Sikong Qing in the future.

The same applied to Ying Longtu and Xia Guang.

It wasn’t just limited to the Broad Creed Mountain’s third-generation disciples. Among the fourth-generational disciples of the Broad Creed Mountain, the most prodigious disciple – Shi Jun, had also ascended to the Martial Saint Tenth Level.

The younger generations weren’t just for superseding the elder generation’s positions. But in this case, the younger generations had indeed replaced the older ones.

Fu Enshu had always been a competitive person. However, with Shi Jun surpassing her, she finally managed to let go of her stubbornness.

It wasn’t because she lacked the motivation and drive. While she still had the drive and potential to go even higher, she wasn’t as stubborn any longer.

Her passing the Martial Inheritance Hall’s First Seat Elder position over to Sikong Qing was a sort of recognition back in the past. Now, replacing Sikong Qing and regaining this position was also another recognition.

Since this disciple of hers was more suited for ascending even further, then her returning to power for the sake of her disciple’s worriless cultivation didn’t seem that strange any longer.

“Competitive and occasionally unreasonable senior apprentice-aunt Fu might be, but her devotion to our Broad Creed Mountain goes without saying.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “Moreover, she’s just taking over temporarily, right? Even if junior apprentice-sister Sikong doesn’t reclaim her position after managing to breakthrough, senior apprentice-aunt Fu can still focus on cultivating after the younger generation grows up.”

Ever since the Sky beyond Skies was established, a hundred years had passed.

Not only Sikong Qing, Xia Guang, Ying Longtu, and Shi Jun, countless other younger successors of the Broad Creed Mountain were emerging.

Fu Enshu merely had to endure it for a bit. Soon, more younger generations will grow strong and capable enough to take over their position.

Shi Jun could also temporarily take over Xia Guang’s position as the Disciplinary Hall First Seat Elder, allowing Xia Guang to focus on cultivation.

In the near future, Shi Jun would most likely have to relinquish and make preparations for his Immortal Mortal Tribulation just like Sikong Qing and Xia Guang.

When that time arrives, suitable inheritors would emerge.

Such was the cycle of supplanting.

“My seclusion this time could range from a short period to a long one. If something troublesome happens in the outside world, please do settle them for me.” Yan Zhaoge said, “But, I shouldn’t be fully secluded. If something urgent is to arise, do inform me about it.”

Xu Fei smiled and said, “I look forward to your progress after coming out of seclusion.”

His right palm clenched into a fist, and he extended it forward. Yan Zhaoge smiled and did the same. After the fist bump, they then bid their farewells.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.