Chapter 1622 - Tacit Agreement

Chapter 1622: Tacit Agreement

In front of the Dipankara Archaic Buddha stood several other Buddhas, each with differing expressions.

Hearing Dipankara’s words, the group of Buddhist Bhantes nodded silently.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation, the orthodox Daoism finally had the confidence to contest against the other forces. They didn’t have to remain in hiding any longer and await only trouble to befall them.

They were now competent enough to advance and retreat as they pleased, having the choice to remain on defense and be on offense. Finally, they changed their stance from passivity into proactivity.

They could commence with their plans if they were on the offense and continue hiding while laying low when on defense, focusing on developing their prowess in the process.

They weren’t like the Immortal Court or the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. If either of these two factions intended to develop further, they would have to establish new territories and increase their population for the sake of accumulating more faith power. Such acts would only incite an inevitable clash between the two forces.

The similar paths they took dictated for them to be the most direct competitors and the adversary for reaching a common goal.

War itself could also solidify and converge the believers’ faith.

From a particular perspective, even if no victors were decided between the large-scale wars occurring between the heretics every hundred years, launching it was still a must.

For several different reasons, if the battle between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were about to enter the determining stage, the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race won’t be able to turn a blind eye to their war.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation, the orthodox Daoism who used to survive by looming in hiding could finally watch from the sidelines gloriously, without the fears of any repercussions.

Compared to the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race, the present orthodox Daoism had much more liberty.

“With one single failure, a chain of cumulative errors ensues.” The Vajrapramardi Buddha said, “We were far too lax with the Three Clears Lineage. Now, even if we act with one accord with the Demon Race, attempts to oppress them will prove to be futile.”

No matter if they were willing to accept it or not, orthodox Daoism was now a significant force practically on the same level as the Western Pure Lands and the Astro Mountains Starry Seas.

Even if the few factions worked together for the sake of obliterating this major force, major prices and repercussions would only ensue upon them.

The issue here was, who would be the one bearing these consequences?

No factions were willing to, nor were they able to.

Even if the faction didn’t perish along with the orthodox Daoism and only had their vitalities harmed significantly, the pressing pressure coming from other factions after the battle would inevitably lead them to their demise.

Ultimately, these factions still viewed each other as adversaries.

“It is I that got too greedy. My avarice in seizing the complete Immortal Extermination Formation had led to this outcome.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha frankly admitted his mistake, “Moha, Raga, and Dvesha, the three poisons representing greed, asinine and idiocy. In the end, even I have never escaped from their grasp.”

The Vajrapramardi Buddha shook his head, “Thou art being too harsh on thyself, archaic Buddha. Howbeit, I urge the conflict between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus to be controlled. Otherwise, the Three Clears Lineage will only gain more opportunities. Therefore, I suggest for us to wait for the Nine Underworlds’ catastrophe to pass and the clearance of the vile Demons before dealing with the repulsive heretics.”

“Only, the Immortal Court is still too weak when compared to the White Lotus heretics…”

The group of Buddhist Bhantes pressed their palms together and softly chanted the Buddhist doctrine.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha sighed and smiled, “Ultimately, we were the ones who wound up being late to join the fray. The current situation is already considered good enough for us.”

“Maitreya’s side has a sarira left behind by the Sakyamuni Tathagata Buddha in the past. If they manage to convince Mahamayuri, then doom shall befall upon the Immortal Court.” The Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva said, “While the Green Lotus Treasured Flag can help us in dealing with Mahamayuri, caution is still a must. A slight misstep could cause the entire situation to collapse.”

Like the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag was also able to nullify Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Brilliances.

However, being on the defensive side meant losing the edge in offense.

Perhaps if they were facing others, this layer of protection sufficed in shielding them from harm. However, when facing someone like Mahamayuri, a slight carelessness might instantly cause their formation to collapse instantly, simultaneously relinquishing their chances of putting up a defense against others as well.

“Since they know of the Green Lotus Treasured Flag being in our possession, which even Mahamayuri found difficulties in dealing with, the White Lotus heretics wouldn’t just waste their chances like that.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha said, “The Immortal Court might seem weaker when facing the White Lotus heretics. However, long as they continue fortifying themselves, and focus solely on being unswerving, then finding their weak points shall prove to be grueling for Maitreya.”

“Only, we still have to remain our wariness toward the Three Clears Lineage, in case they decide to continue stirring up troubles.”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha glanced at the group of Buddhist Bhantes standing in front of him, “The Great Sage Equalling Heavens should not be making any appearances for now. Our main target to worry about should still be Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, and Feng Yunsheng.”

Yang Jian goes without saying.

As from the unique Great Sage Equalling Heavens, Yang Erlang was considered Daoism’s strongest Grand Heavenly Immortal. Even if he was further away from the Dao Realm than Bhikkhu Xuan Du, his strength was still far superior. In fact, he even had chances of victory when facing off against Mahamayuri.

Among all the experts who prevailed until now, he, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, and Mahamayuri were undoubtedly the top-three strongest beneath the Dao Realm.

Suo Mingzhang stood his ground previously when confronting the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and the twenty-four Sea Suppressing Pearls, causing his name to cause waves of tremor throughout the world once more.

At present, he had merely ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm for a few centuries.

As for Feng Yunsheng, she had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm not more than fifty years ago, yet she was already fearless of the antiquated moguls like the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles or Yuan Hong. She had practically replicated the marvel spectacles done by Suo Mingzhang.

One also had to take her skills of assassination into consideration. Not only was she able to slaughter her foes while looming within the darkness, but she was also even proficient in such a path.

This had significantly increased the threats she posed and forced many others to be extra cautious of her.

“Those three aside, Yan Zhaoge and his father had also ascended to the Grand Virtual Realm,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

The Pure Lands Buddhas said, “We are aware.”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha nodded silently.

“Could the Immortal Court be taking the risk to plot against the Nine Underworlds?” asked the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

The Nine Underworlds’ Infernal Devils could also be illuminated.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and the Nine Underworlds were giving each other chances and were all awaiting the final moment to arrive. It was all for the sake of seizing the enormous opportunity ever to be bestowed.

However, the Immortal Court had no desires in this matter.

“The Three Clear Lineage are weaklings no longer, and the Nine Underworlds are considerably easy to be subjected to torment. However, if we do not provide any aid, the Immortal Court would never exact any harm to the Nine Underworlds.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha smiled.

“Be that as it may, we still have to be careful of the Nine Underworlds.” The Vajrapramardi Buddha said, “While Dao Monarch Lu Ya, thee, and the others had made arrangements already, we still have to beware of the Nine Underworlds from taking advantage of it. A slight negligence might cause a repetition of the Three Clears Lineage to occur again.”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha said, “Thou art right. I will take note of that.”

After they finished conversing, the group of Buddhas bid their farewells.

The Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva watched the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s silhouette of departure and turned to look at the Dipankara Archaic Buddha. He intended to say something, but words were stuck in his throat.

“Bodhisattva, I know what thou art thinking. If we are unable to obliterate, it is better to not make an enemy out of them.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha said, “Indeed, the conflict between the Three Clears Lineage and the Immortal Court cannot be mediated. Howbeit, if the chance arises, we can also request for the Three Clears Lineage to aid us. Just like Mahamayuri, we can all commence an act of trade for the sake of all of our benefits.”

He sighed, his current thought process bearing a striking semblance with Dao Monarch Lu Ya of the Astro Mountains Starry Seas, “The situation is now different. Since we cannot continue oppressing the Three Clears Lineage, our approaches shall be altered.”