Chapter 1632: Disappearance

Chapter 1632: Disappearance

Feng Yunsheng stared at the newly-established cosmos rather amusingly, “Like a piece of white paper that allows you to spray ink wherever you desire? Is there a need for that?”

While Yan Zhaoge had yet to ascend to the Grand Heavenly Realm, his current reputation was already on par with one.

Moreover, this new cosmos was personally established by him.

“While it isn’t necessary, it would help with my early periods of research and testing, which makes it more convenient to make adjustments and arrangements later on,” said Yan Zhaoge as he chuckled while stroking his chin.

“Suit yourself then.” Feng Yunsheng showed no objection to his intention.

As the two were conversing, they suddenly received a transmission from the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

This transmission originated from the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens.

Like the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, the Incongruence Divine Mother used a Sea Suppressing Pearl to establish a new cosmos, reigning control over the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens, one of the thirty-six heavens belonging to Daoism before the Great Calamity.

After the Roving Jade Heavens was moved from the Awakened Sky Cosmos to the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, it was again moved toward the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens, becoming one of that cosmos’ foundations.

The Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens didn’t prohibit the interaction of heirs from Jade Clear and Grand Clear lineage. However, that area was populated mainly by those of the Prime Clear lineage.

After the Incongruence Divine Mother recovered from her grave injuries, she then established this cosmos. Not only was her cave manor erected, but it also allowed for a land where Prime Clear lineage was able to continue branching outward, expanding its successors.

Now that the Incongruence Divine Mother had replaced the Cloudy Firmament Fairy for the duty of controlling the Immortal Extermination Formation, she was now fused with the void. Hence, Gao Qingxuan was the one currently presiding over the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens.

The news they delivered to the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens was related to the Broad Creed Mountain.

A disciple of the Broad Creed Mountain, also Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s junior apprentice-brother – Ying Longtu encountered heirs of the Prime Clear lineage from the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens when venturing outside and went ahead to search for the Soul Dissevering Jade.

Before they managed to locate the Soul Dissevering Jade during their search, they lost contact with Ying Longtu.

Ying Longtu was one of the closest peers with Yan Zhaoge. His disappearance was naturally no small matter.

The heirs of the Prime Clear were unable to locate him despite searching everywhere they could and dared not disregard this matter. Hence, they quickly contacted the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens and the Roving Jade Heavens.

After receiving the news, the Dragon Spring Heavenly Monarch – Long Xingquan immediately departed and searched for Ying Longtu.

The Roving Jade Heavens did not decide to conceal this matter. After getting wind of Ying Longtu’s disappearance, they immediately contacted the Sky beyond Skies within the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and contacted the Broad Creed Mountain.

“Contact with Han Long’er is lost as well?” Yan Zhaoge looked face-to-face with Feng Yunsheng.

While they continued to use Ying Longtu’s nickname in private, they both knew that Ying Longtu wasn’t the innocent child he once was in the past.

Perhaps he might still be a little too frank with his words, but that only meant that he was a straightforward and honest person.

The current Ying Longtu was no longer innocent. With his rich experience in venturing outside, he could even do so alone.

If contact with him was suddenly cut off, then he must have truly encountered something troublesome.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng returned to the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and entered the Broad Creed Mountain.

Within the Broad Creed Mountain, the Assignment Hall First Seat Elder – Lan Wenyan was already waiting there with a stern expression. After meeting them, Lan Wenyan said, “It’s been quite some time since junior apprentice-brother Ying responded to us as well.”

Contacting others within the void’s boundless outskirts was already arduous enough of a task. A momentary loss of contact would usually not gain any traction.

Generally speaking, if one ventured outside long enough, they would attempt to make contact after a certain period.

However, Ying Longtu’s current condition was truly one that required immediate attention.

Yan Zhaoge remained unmoving as turquoise radiances flickered within his eyes, forming trails of radiances in mid-air.

Utilizing the Origin Heavenly Scripture, all karmic threads of past and present were in full display for Yan Zhaoge.

Only, other than the turquoise brilliance, clumps of mists also appeared within Yan Zhaoge’s eye.

“No wonder why contact with him was cut off. Han Long’er’s current location is rather peculiar. It’s somewhere that resembles the Original Nebula and the Starry River Tributary.

After a while, Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes, “But, he should be fine for now.”

Hearing his words, Feng Yunsheng and Lan Wenyan let out a sigh of relief.

“Moreover, some Buddhist bigwigs seem to be around the area as well. They have been inferring with the karmic clues and even formed a field of interference, which limits what I can see.” Yan Zhaoge opened his eyes and shook his head.

Feng Yunsheng frowned suddenly, “The Western Pure Lands?”

“Guess I’ll have to go personally to obtain more solid clues, which allows for further inference.” Yan Zhaoge lightly tapped his temples with his fingers.

Yan Di was currently absent from the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, while Xu Fei was still in seclusion.

If Yan Zhaoge remained in seclusion, then Feng Yunsheng would have to shoulder this duty.

With Yan Zhaoge here, Feng Yunsheng could continue presiding over the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens while Yan Zhaoge heads out to exercise a little.

“Be careful of being caught by others.” Feng Yunsheng reminded him.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Our situation now differs from the past. If they can’t track you, then I shall be safe. Others would be more fearful of being targeted by you.”

Feng Yunsheng retracted her aura. While she had remained in the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens most of the time, the outside world could not grasp her location.

“But, it’s better if you remain cautious.” Feng Yunsheng said, “They might try probing our Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens first. If I don’t appear, they could take advantage of this; If I appear, and was held back by their Grand Heavenly Realm expert, then I won’t be able to provide you any aid.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Fret not, the North Ocean Clone and Pan-Pan shall accompany me.”

“I will pay attention to your condition. If an emergency is to arise, I shall head over.” Feng Yunsheng decisively said, “Even if something was to happen to the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, we still have Daoist Suo and Daoist Cloudy Firmament to deal with them.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “That remark of yours wounded my pride.”

“You’re thick-skinned, so it’s fine,” said Feng Yunsheng, as if it was the most natural thing to say.

“That just deepens my wounds.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and changed his expression to a stern one, “Relax, it’ll be fine. I don’t sense any danger from this. In fact, I feel a good omen.”

“Good omen…” said Feng Yunsheng ponderously.

After bidding farewell to Feng Yunsheng and Lan Wenyan, Yan Zhaoge left the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens along with the North Ocean Clone and Pan-Pan and entered the void’s boundless outskirts.

Xu Fei was currently still in seclusion. While the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage could still be harnessed separately, amalgamating them together to form the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form still required a certain period. After all, their stamina was fairly depleted after the fight for the Immortal Extermination Formation.

As such, Yan Zhaoge didn’t alarm Xu Fei this time and headed out without him.

He first headed to the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens and met with Gao Xuebo in the Roving Jade Heavens. After receiving some directions from Gao Xuebo, he entered the void’s boundless outskirts once again and met up with the Prime Clear successors who encountered Ying Longtu.

On the way, Yan Zhaoge’s Origin Heavenly Scripture had never ceased its operation.

The closer he was to the area where contact with Ying Longtu was lost, the more things he could see and the more clues he could obtain.

While Yan Zhaoge gradually understood what had happened, he didn’t act rashly. Instead, he continued heading toward the rendezvous spot to meet up with Long Xingquan.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.