Chapter 1639: Blessing & Misfortune Coexist

Chapter 1639: Blessing & Misfortune Coexist

Primordial Heart Devil was the source of all the devils laid within the beings in the world.

So if there were still beings in the world, the Heart Devil would become immortal.

As long as there were sapient creatures in this world, the Heart Devil could be born. Even if the Primordial Heart Devil perished, it might be reborn yet again.

Theoretically speaking, people in this world no matter who they were and their cultivation level, the devil barrier existed in their hearts. It could breed the inner devil within them. The Primordial Heart Devil, the first of the Six Extinct Devils of Nine Underworlds, would be able to detect it.

The stronger the devilish intent, the more convenient the Primordial Heart Devil to descend into the world.

Of course, this was only the ideal situation in theory.

In fact, Primordial Heart Devil couldn’t be so domineering because of the interference of other bigwig powerhouses.

At first, the inner devil in Traveling Monk Sun was exposed and turned into the Six-Eared Macaque, which involved multiple factions.

When it came to the Traveling Monk Sun and even Ne Zha, the bigwig powerhouse could obstruct the Primordial Heart Devil from detecting it even if inner demons were to breed in these big shots.

But if the obsession turned into a devilish intent and became strong enough to succumb the host into the darkness, it was impossible to conceal from the Primordial Heart Devil.

Yan Zhaoge had dealt with the Primordial Heart Devil more than once or twice before, knowing that this devil was sly. Otherwise, in the Devil of Aged Metal saga, orthodox Daoism wouldn’t have suffered a loss.

But that was also under the aid of the Water Devil and Earth Devil to conceal the matter, allowing him to strike during the diversion.

Regarding Ne Zha, other bigwigs and Nine Underworld’s devil hadn’t leaked any news about it before.

The Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity in front of him was in a peculiar state, but it didn’t look like succumbing into the devil path.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity mentioned that Ne Zha Baolian wouldn’t fall into the darkness. Yan Zhaoge thought about it carefully and found it applicable.

According to the many rumors of Ne Zha in this world, the most notable feature of the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form’s defense was that it was particularly good at restraining and exempting many devilish spells.

To a certain extent, it was marvelous against the devil infestation.

“But it is precisely because of this that other changes have occurred in the kid.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled bitterly, “As the saying goes, it is better to divert to the righteous path than to shatter the path entirely. The kid doesn’t fall into the devilish path, but the evil thoughts and malice accumulate. Also, the kid’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form is a harvest of later efforts rather than something he was innately born with.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded clearly, “This is equivalent to an inconspicuous flaw. So there may be some kind of distortion?”

“Blessing and misfortune coexist together.” He looked down at the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover thoughtfully, “Once Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity ascended to the Grand Heavenly Immortal realm, it would be easy for him to take control of his mind. However, the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form is a blank paper. Once it’s contaminated with evil thoughts, it will affect the Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity.”

Ne Zha had gained a lot of convenience through the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form.

But now, it was precisely because of this reason that he suffered such a calamity.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity sighed, “It all happens precisely because of the narrow escape from the death’s door and the recasting of the soul. At the moment after returning from the dead, Ne Zha’s thought is at its purest form. Any misstep is hard to reconcile.”

Ne Zha was reborn, and he didn’t fall into the devil path. But, the pure and fierce killing intent didn’t dissipate, making him a killing machine.

Rather than saying that he was a Grand Heavenly Immortal, it was more accurate to say that he had now transformed into a murderous and violent Great Lotus Demon due to the Treasured Lotus Immortal body.

Moreover, it was even more brutal and tyrannical than Great Demons such as the Golden-Winged Roc bird and the Nine-Headed Bug.

It wasn’t as evil as the violent Great Devil in Nine Underworlds, but the killing intent was purer. It was just like the Sword Potante Buddha’s Infernal Realm among the six reincarnations path.

Ne Zha’s strength was much stronger than Sword Potante Buddha.

In the process of treating Ne Zha, Taiyi Cultivated Deity vaguely felt something was wrong.

He couldn’t bear having his apprentice perish, so he was cautious and tried his best to solve Ne Zha’s problem. Unfortunately, he failed in the end.

Ne Zha managed to wake up. But, after the initial confused state, he came back to his senses as if a killing machine came into the world.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity in front of him was the first person to suffer.

As a last resort, Taiyi Cultivated Deity could only take backup measures to seal Ne Zha down this place.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity was Ne Zha’s instructor. He had also treated Ne Zha, who was seriously injured and dying. With his preparedness, he made a seal and suppressed Ne Zha in the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover before Ne Zha even had the chance to exert his strength.

However, Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity was more powerful than Taiyi Cultivated Deity, truly a disciple outshining his master.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity faced tremendous difficulty in suppressing Ne Zha.

After helping Ying Longtu send out Mu Zha and the others, Taiyi Cultivated Deity was unable to continue suppressing Ne Zha under distraction.

Thanks to Yan Zhaoge’s timely arrival, the seal was temporarily stabilized.

“However, even so, it would be too exaggerated to be able to contaminate a Grand Heavenly Immortal, right?” Yan Zhaoge looked at the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover and muttered, “If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t have believed it.”

After a person’s death, ordinary souls might turn into ghosts because of grievances, obsessions, and malice.

But Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity wasn’t an average Joe.

From the legend, this bigwig’s temperament had always been unstable. He had always maintained his youthful spirit in pride.

But in any case, he was a Daoist powerhouse who became famous in the ancient eras.

Yan Zhaoge found it unbelievable that there wasn’t any external intervention to put Ne Zha in this state.

“During the Great Calamity, Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity almost died in a battle. It is expected for him to feel resentful, but why is it so strong?” Yan Zhaoge looked at Taiyi Cultivated Deity with some doubts.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity was silent for a while, then glanced at Mu Zha.

Mu Zha was silent. His original complex expression gradually calmed down at this moment.

“

Uh

…” Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but narrow his gaze.

He had been alerted to others’ malicious thoughts. With that, he had some bad conjectures in his heart.

“As far as I know… Traveling Monk Hui An, who was already a Buddhism member, didn’t trouble the orthodox Daoism during the Great Calamity. Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva didn’t seem to take any actions,” said Yan Zhaoge slowly.

Mu Zha didn’t say a word, while Taiyi Cultivated Deity nodded, “Samantabhadra and Compassionate Cultivated Deity didn’t participate.”

Yan Zhaoge continued, “I heard people say that not only Traveling Monk Hui An, but God Li also entered the Western Bliss Blessed Lands.”

God Li was naturally the Pagoda Bearing God Li Jing.

The father of both brothers, Mu Zha and Ne Zha. After the ancient eras, he and Ne Zha entered Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace together.

“Although God Li is a member of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, his choice isn’t surprising considering that he is Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s disciple.”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes shifted back and forth between Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Mu Zha, “During the Great Calamity, I don’t think God Li wouldn’t sit idle and not fight back, right?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.