Chapter 1630: A Hundred Years

Chapter 1630: A Hundred Years

The period of seclusion for Immortal Realm practitioners fluctuated between an extended range of years. Some lasted only for a few years, while some could last for centuries or millennia or even last much longer than that.

Perhaps for them, the period of single seclusion sufficed for countless generations of mortals to decay.

The closer they were to the Dao Realm, the harder it was to progress forward. As the difficulties continued to rise, the efforts required, the resources, and the time consumed would skyrocket.

Remaining stagnant while being in the Virtual Immortal, the Profound Immortal Realm, or even the True Immortal Realm was nothing out of the ordinary.

Just like how countless Daoism Heavenly Monarchs, Buddhist Bhantes, Demon Race Small Saints, and Nine Underworlds Devilish Monarchs had already ascended to the Grand Virtual Realm long ago and attained the Five Qis Unifications.

However, even now, they could only remain by their current realm, only looking up to the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Seizing the Immortal Extermination Formation allowed for orthodox Daoism to gain this opportunity of stable development.

Since the incident, countless years have passed.

A total of a hundred years.

Within this century, the Daoism Prime Clear bigwigs – the Incongruence Divine Mother and the Cloudy Firmament Fairy consecutively established their cosmos one after another, combining them with other cosmos of Daoism to form an exquisite celestial realm.

Through the few generations of reproducing and populating of civilians, a vague framework was finally formed among the various worlds within these two cosmos.

The entire Daoism showed vigorous advancements in flourishing.

Other than Daoism, the Western Pure Lands and the Astro Mountains Starry Seas’ skirmishes weren’t as intense as they previously were.

Despite ridding their shell of concealment they wore in the past, the current orthodox Daoism and Demon Race were more stable and focused mostly on development.

Inevitable skirmishes occurred between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, along with countless frictions arousing more hostility.

Such skirmishes were beneficial to the stability of their faith power, and it all happened under the two sides’ control.

Due to orthodox Daoism’s prominent rise to power, their skirmishes were now more under control.

However, after a hundred years, the friction between the two got more intense, calling for a premonition for another large-scale war to be declared between the two.

In comparison, the Western Pure Lands and the Astro Mountains Starry Seas were relatively peaceful. Like Daoism’s Three Clear Lineage, they seemed indifferent to worldly matters.

However, their interactions and probing toward orthodox Daoism had never stopped. They became even more frequent.

Orthodox Daoism’s freedom of movement wasn’t just limited to the time period where other factions were at war.

Currently, the other heretic factions had to take orthodox Daoism’s reaction into account before deciding whether to escalate the war into a large-scale one, in prevention of the Three Clears Lineage taking advantage of them.

“So, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha passed the responsibility of war to their vassals beneath the Dao Realm?”

Meng Wan, who visited the Sky beyond Skies’ Broad Creed Mountain, said as she supported her head with her hand.

Feng Yunsheng nodded, facing her, “That’s right. While they didn’t go all-out, their skirmishes are still quite vicious and violent. The battle between the heretics happens once every century. Now’s finally the time for it, but we won’t know how long it will last.”

“It shouldn’t last for an entire century, as it did the very last time,” said Meng Wan.

The two conversed through voice transmission.

Because Guan Yuluo, someone still in the Martial Saint Ninth Realm, was sitting in front of them.

While oblivious of the contents the two were discussing, Guan Yuluo could vaguely guess it by observing their expressions.

With her current strength, the amount of information she could come in contact with regarding the heretics was still fairly limited. However, she knew the general gist of things and was aware that Feng Yunsheng and Meng Wan did so out of consideration for her.

“Sister Yunsheng, any updates on the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner?” Guan Yuluo didn’t bother prying any further into the matters of the heretics and shifted to another topic.

“There is, but it isn’t concrete.” Feng Yunsheng answered, “Daoist Southern Extremity and the others gave it a try.”

Hearing how Feng Yunsheng referred to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Meng Wan and Guan Yuluo expressed no weird feelings, as if they were already used to it.

They thought back to the time when Feng Yunsheng had just returned to the Nine Underworlds. At that time, she was already in the Virtual Immortal Realm, making one unable to be accustomed to it.

However, just as they finally got used to it, she suddenly trampled over the Origin Heavenly Tribulation, ascending to the Grand Heavenly Realm, catching the others off-guard once again.

While Feng Yunsheng suppressed her aura for personal reasons and harnessed a form perceivable by the naked eye, no one had ever forgotten something.

Other than the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, whose condition was a little more unique, she was the strongest Grand Heavenly Realm expert in the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens to ever preside over the cosmos.

Being at her current level, other than seniors or elders directly related to her, all disciples and heirs from the Daoism lineage beneath the Grand Heavenly Realm would have to greet her with great reverence. They would have to refer to her as the Encompassing Abyssal Heavenly Lord or the Doomsday Heavenly Lord. Her full title was now the Lofty Encompassing Abyssal Exquisite Rahu Sun Devouring Chaotic Origin Doomsday Heavenly Lord.

However, Feng Yunsheng usually paid this no heed. As such, those close to her didn’t have to adhere to this arbitrary formality.

Outsiders as strong as Gao Han and Ling Qing would have to use referrals when addressing her to present reverence.

The reason why she referred to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor as a Daoist was due to her having a rather modest personality. She merely revered him for attaining the great dao so early.

As for the disparity in their strength, it was a completely different matter.

“The Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner is unique. If we managed to find it, then that would be for the best. However, before we obtain concrete evidence, we shouldn’t delve too deep into it,” said Meng Wan with a tone of reassurance.

Guan Yuluo nodded, “I’m aware, but I can’t help but think of it occasionally. After all, just as Sister Yunsheng had said, Mahamayuri is just far too overbearing.”

Among the experts of the Grand Heavenly Realm, Daoism remained the most fearful toward Mahamayuri.

After the fight for the Immortal Extermination Formation a century ago, a long cooldown period was required to harness the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form once more.

While Daoism had an expert like Yang Jian, he still wasn’t fully confident in defeating Mahamayuri.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du was unable to obtain the Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag from the Elder Lord. Hence, everyone of Daoism would face immense trouble when dealing with Mahamayuri.

Naturally, everyone thought of the Jade Illusory defensive artifact, the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, whose reputation was on par with the Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag and the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

With this treasure in hand, dealing with Mahamayuri wouldn’t be as suffocating.

However, the Demon Race and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were also coveting this treasure.

Only, without any concrete evidence in hand, they were unable to find the precise location of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

“Sister Yunsheng, can’t you deal with Mahamayuri if you launch a surprise assault?” asked Guan Yuluo, unwilling to accept this fact.

“If I launch a surprise assault, his Five-Colored Divine Brilliances could most likely react to my attack immediately.” Feng Yunsheng frankly said, “If I faced off directly against him, while my saber-lights can decimate the myriad of laws, Mahamayuri’s foundations are much sturdier than mine. His Five-Colored Divine Brilliances are also able to burgeon as they willed. If we enter this stalemate, then his chances of winning are even greater.”

Meng Wan smiled and said, “Then just accumulate your foundation more. Ultimately, Mahamayuri was born from time immemorial, back during the Primitive era. You’ve achieved your current cultivation much earlier than him. Currently, he should be having difficulties even to improve a little while you’re still undergoing tremendous improvements.”

Guan Yuluo was a little worried, “Sister Yunsheng, will you have no problems if you suddenly changed your martial saber intent midway?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.