Chapter 1641: Whoever Started The Trouble Should End It

Chapter 1641: Whoever Started the Trouble Should End It

Yan Zhaoge looked at Taiyi Cultivated Deity while his mind slipped somewhere else.

He recalled multiple prominent characters in the Jade Clear lineage.

The wise and compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was one of the best when he was the Compassionate Cultivated Deity before entering Buddhism.

Lord of Broad Accomplishment was prominent as well.

But the most outstanding person among them was Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

In addition to being cruel and merciless, this Daoist bigwig could be attributed to being ambitious too.

Sometimes, Yan Zhaoge felt that this Daoism bigwig was a role model for the younger generation.

Having recalled Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s character, Yan Zhaoge dwelled deeper in Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s words.

Soon, he looked at Taiyi Cultivated Deity and said, “Could it be the only way to rescue Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity is through sacrificing Pagoda Bearing God?”

Mu Zha’s face ashen immediately upon hearing this.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled slightly, “Whoever started the trouble should end it.”

Yan Zhaoge’s mouth twitched slightly.

Ne Zha was infested with resentment and hatred due to the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form. Although he was resurrected again, his mind was affected in the process.

Once Ne Zha regained freedom and succumbed to the path of killing without self-control, the ominous Evil Qi would accumulate immensely.

At that time, a new killing machine would be born; a self-centered entity that was neither demon nor devil but fumed with the thirst for blood.

But among many possibilities to this outcome, there was likely to be an exception.

The exception was God Li, who caused all of this back then.

Ne Zha would first transform into a bloodthirsty killing machine. Then, he would pursue Li Jing to take revenge. Evil Qi would become more and more prosperous and might even reach a new peak after the deed was done.

As such, if Ne Zha first targeted Li Jing and vented all resentment out, something intricate might happen.

Although it was the same process of killing that induced the thirst for blood, Ne Zha might be able to enter a blank slate for a short period.

This would be his opportunity to regain the clarity of his mind.

However, the prerequisite for that was to stop Ne Zha from taking any life before Li Jing’s death.

The above was Yan Zhaoge’s speculation, although he wasn’t sure whether this method was entirely feasible.

However, the feasibility was relatively higher than other methods currently conceivable.

Yan Zhaoge believed that with Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s character, he had made the same speculation and wouldn’t hesitate to put it into practice.

Of course, this was only considered from solving Ne Zha’s problem.

There were also many difficulties, such as ensuring that Li Jing was Ne Zha’s first target after attaining freedom.

“In Buddhism, there’s this saying, if I don’t go to hell, who else will do the deeds?” Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled, “Li Jing has been in Buddhism for so many years. He must be aware of this principle. I think he will be happy to give up his life.”

Mu Zha’s face turned even uglier, “Don’t even think about it!”

“I’ve said all I wanted. I’m not interested in arguing with you. You don’t get a say on what I want to do,” commented Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Yan Zhaoge crossed his chest and stood with arms folded, looking at Taiyi Cultivated Deity a little speechless.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity sealed Ne Zha through a quick-fix, but Ne Zha would inevitably break free after a long time.

When the time comes, the Taiyi Cultivated Deity would be the first to suffer.

He was occupied with sealing Ne Zha and was unable to get out to contact other people.

At this time, Mu Zha and others chased Ying Longtu into the Great Desolate Origin Schloss. That was undoubtedly great news for Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Across the Great Desolate Origin Schloss, Mu Zha wasn’t sure who was inside, but Taiyi Cultivated Deity could easily detect Mu Zha’s identity.

Although it was uncertain if Mu Zha would get the Pagoda Bearing God over, he was a far more reliable person to do the deed than others.

In the worst scenario, the person coming would be a Buddhism bigwig, even if it wasn’t Pagoda Bearing God Li Jing.

After the seal was broken, Ne Zha would launch a slaughter, and Western Pure Lands would suffer the most.

Although Taiyi Cultivated Deity would face danger, the situation was better than being stuck with Ne Zha and running short of other options.

No matter how bad the situation was, it couldn’t get worse.

Although Taiyi Cultivated Deity nearly failed to seal Ne Zha because of the rescue of Ying Longtu and the expulsion of Mu Zha and others, the situation still didn’t get too worse.

Mu Zha looked at Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover. Then, he slowly shifted his gaze at Yan Zhaoge while laughing fanatically.

He had already contacted his father Li Jing and other Buddhist bigwigs to come over for support.

It was just that something delayed the Western Pure Lands, and Yan Zhaoge managed to strike first.

Yan Zhaoge captured and killed Mu Zha and others. No one led Li Jing and the others. It was difficult for Li Jing and his group to find this Great Desolate Origin Schloss. Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s plans were hindered.

But if Yan Zhaoge didn’t arrive, Taiyi Cultivated Deity in the Great Desolate Origin Schloss could hardly continue suppressing Ne Zha because of Mu Zha’s group’s interference. When Ne Zha was set free, Taiyi Cultivated Deity would undoubtedly suffer. These people pursuing the Great Desolate Origin Schloss would have to face the Ne Zha, who had already turned into a killing machine.

With the help of Yan Zhaoge, Taiyi Cultivated Deity could continue to seal Ne Zha for a long time.

Even more so that they could try to leave here and carefully plan it out to use Pagoda Bearing God and help Ne Zha. It was far better than the tiny opportunities Taiyi Cultivated Deity initially had.

Mu Zha now understood why Taiyi Cultivated Deity referred to him as a lure.

But, he didn’t plan to cooperate with Taiyi Cultivated Deity to bring his father Li Jing here.

Mu Zha was now grateful to Yan Zhaoge for capturing him, so it would be difficult for Li Jing and others to find this place.

“Are you not going to be obedient? It doesn’t matter.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity saw Mu Zha’s expression and guessed what was in Mu Zha’s mind, “With the help of our Little Friend Yan, I can take the kid away from this Great Desolate Origin Schloss. Let’s go to the place where Yan Zhaoge killed your group and wait.”

That was Mu Zha’s last known location before losing contact with the Buddhism Bhante from Western Pure Lands.

When Li Jing and others came over, the group would probably head to that cosmos area first.

“Uncle Taiyi, you should know that my father and my teacher won’t be so negligent.” Mu Zha retorted, “Uncle Taiyi must have learned from Little Ying about the situation with the Immortal Extermination Formation in the outside world. Three Clear Lineage isn’t what it used to be. Of course, my father and the others will be extra careful. How can they easily step into a trap like this?”

Speaking of this, Mu Zha was dumbfounded again. It was tough to predict whether the ordeal was a disaster or an opportunity.

“If they can’t find me, don’t even think about finding my father.” Mu Zha snorted.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity didn’t argue with Mu Zha but looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Little Friend Yan, I heard from Little Friend Ying that he came here before and went hand in hand with a comrade. I wonder if you can get in touch with that little friend?”

“I found out that Junior Brother Ying was missing through that comrade, so I came over.” Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “We decided to separate our paths to look for Junior Brother Ying’s whereabouts. It will take some time, but I can definitely get in touch.”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity nodded, “This couldn’t be better.”

Mu Zha watched the two of them talk, and his heart gradually sank to the bottom.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.