Chapter 1643: The Intricate Karma

Chapter 1643: The Intricate Karma

The green lotuses appeared. The candlelights on the lotus platform faintly tremble. The majestic aura permeated the area, suppressing Long Xingquan’s mind.

It was a group of Buddhist Bhante who showed up.

Moreover, there were many Buddhist experts at the Grand Heavenly Immortal realm.

The melodious and magnificent Buddhist doctrines sounded. There seemed to be fragrance overflowing in the void. In the transparent Buddha light, the Buddhist stupa and the Bodhi woods were looming, as if the Land of Buddhism had descended to the world.

But the joyous scene of Blessed Lands was shattered in the next moment.

Two tyrannical auras approached from a distance swiftly. Under their interference, the Buddha light lost its supreme purity. As a result, the Buddhist stupa and Bodhi woods also shattered into pieces.

Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity appeared in blatant sight, looking calmly at the blossoming green lotus.

Affected by the duo’s aura, the Buddha image on the blossoming green lotus had become more explicit rather than faintly discernible and looming.

On the other side, the headed person was the prestigious Bodhisattva Samantabhadra.

In the ancient eras, the Samantabhadra Cultivated Deity had the same master as the Taiyi Cultivated Deity in the Jade Clear Lineage. He was one of the older Grand Heavenly Immortals. After ancient times, he abandoned Daoism to enter Buddhism. After attaining Buddhism’s enlightenment, he became the Samantabhadra Bodhisattva.

Before the Tathagata Buddha transcended, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and Manjushri Bodhisattva served Tathagata Buddha, overseeing the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

After that, Sakyamuni Tathagata Buddha transcended. Future Buddha Maitreya was born, bringing about a drastic change to the central Blessed Lands of Saha. Samantabhadra Bodhisattva left and entered Western Pure Lands.

In this era during the Great Calamity, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva rarely showed himself. It wasn’t until the entire Western Pure Lands re-entered the world in the last few centuries that Samantabhadra Bodhisattva reappeared.

After receiving Mu Zha’s report this time and coordinating with Western Pure Lands’ personnel, Mu Zha’s mentor, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, led the team over.

Besides Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, there were other Buddhist Bhante. Among them, there were Buddhist masters like Narayan Buddha, who also attained Grand Heavenly Buddhism enlightenment.

But the first person who caught the eyes of Yan Zhaoge, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, and Long Xingquan was a middle-aged man in the crowd.

Although there was a pure Buddha light around the man, he didn’t dress up as a Buddhist member. Instead, he was clad in armor, a golden-winged black crown, a tower in his left hand, and a sword in his right hand.

It was Pagoda Bearing God, Li Jing of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past.

Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity were pleased to meet him. They both breathed a sigh of relief.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, Narayan Buddha, and Li Jing found this reaction inexplicable.

However, there were other things that attracted the Buddhism Bante’s group’s attention at the moment.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity sat underneath his Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover. The Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover was shaking and restless. There seemed to be something suppressed underneath.

On the transparent cover, Yan Zhaoge’s Great Sage Golden Body held Ru Yi Golden Cudgel to suppress it.

What exactly was under the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover made the onlooker curious.

Several Buddhist masters were bewildered and seemed to relate what unfolded in front of their eyes to something.

“Back then, it seemed that Taiyi Cultivated Deity helped the evil prick break through from the trouble.” God Li was frightened, “Although the evil prick was severely injured, there could be other possibilities after so many years had passed.”

As Li Jing saw Yan Zhaoge hold Mu Zha hostage, his heart became even more anxious.

“Brother Taiyi…” Before Samantabhadra Bodhisattva could continue, Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled and interrupted, “Fellow Daoist Samantabhadra, let’s not be in a hurry. We can catch up later. Let’s settle another matter first.”

While speaking, Taiyi Cultivated Deity let go of the suppression from Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover.

The demon monkey transformed by Pan Pan also withdrew its Ru Yi Golden Cudgel and jumped away.

The Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover was toppled over almost instantly.

At the same time as the fire was overflowing, a figure rushed out of it. He was like Asura returning from hell.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva took a closer look and saw that figure. It was the former Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity, Ne Zha!

However, compared to the past, Ne Zha was different at this moment.

The skin surface that was originally white as a lotus was now crimson red. Ne Zha’s face was melancholy and full of resentment.

Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity still retained its youthful looks. As he stepped on Wheels of Wind and Fire, he locked his gaze directly on Pagoda Bearing God Li Jing!

Seeing this, Li Jing knew things wouldn’t go well.

Without giving Li Jing any chance to react, Ne Zha screamed. His figure flickered and instantly thrust the Fire-tipped Spear toward Li Jing’s chest.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva sighed, but he didn’t offer his help directly.

After Taiyi Cultivated Deity retrieved the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover, he had already rushed toward Samantabhadra Bodhisattva.

“Fellow Samantabhadrafellow, now we can catch up together.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled faintly.

On the other side, the monkey also held Ru Yi Golden Cudgel and rushed towards the Buddha Group, not giving them a chance to help Li Jing.

Yan Zhaoge took the initiative and rescued the Daoist Ubiquitous, who was captured by a Buddhist Bodhisattva.

Ne Zha was mad like a tiger. Each of the thrusts coming from the Fire-tipped Spear was fatal. All of them were launched at Li Jing fanatically.

Li Jing quickly utilized the Ruyi Golden Pagoda. This treasure countered Ne Zha’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form well, but Ne Zha at Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm was different from how he was in ancient times.

Although the Ruyi Golden Pagoda was great, it could only play a decisive role when Ne Zha was occupied by the others.

Faced with Ne Zha alone, Li Jing couldn’t suppress Ne Zha and could hardly fend for himself.

Just as Ne Zha was reborn as the incarnation of a lotus flower in the ancient eras after being killed for the first time, he pursued Li Jing’s life yet again. What happened now seemed to be the intricate work of karma.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva glanced at Mu Zha, showing helplessness. However, he could only try his best to get rid of Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity together with other Buddhist Bhantes before having the opportunity to stop Ne Zha.

At the same time, Buddhism chants came in the distant void.

A green lotus appeared in the dark universe. On the lotus platform sat a Buddha with a blue body, holding a treasured dhvaja with his right hand as it leaned on his left shoulder and a Dhyana with his left hand.

It was the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha that Yan Zhaoge had dealt with previously.

After he appeared, he tried to meet up with Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and others.

Western Pure Lands seemed careful this time as they sent over a Buddhism Bhante like him. There appeared to be multiple arrangements to counter potential plots against them.

Although Yan Zhaoge’s group was at an advantage, the Western Pure Lands Buddhists had backup plans to deal with it.

However, all of the arrangements were futile.

Under the deafening roar, a violent golden ape jumped out on the other side of the void, disrupting the arrangement coming from Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.

Yan Zhaoge came out of Great Desolate Origin Schloss. Besides contacting Long Xingquan and Daoist Ubiquitous, how could he forget his North Ocean clone?

His North Ocean clone manifested another Golden Body of the Great Sage, with demonic qi rampaging wildly in the void. Yan Zhaoge and the group made a pincer attack, immediately dragging a group of Buddhist Bhante into the chaos.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.