Chapter 1649: Fighting For Sarira

Chapter 1649: Fighting For Sarira

Similarly, Yan Zhaoge did relate the problem to Sakyamuni Sarira like Incongruence Divine Mother.

Western Pure Lands’ recent abnormal behavior was most likely due to their efforts to find sarira.

In fact, they had been looking for it all the time.

To be precise, not only orthodox Buddhism, but also orthodox Daoism, Demon Race, Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and Immortal Court were hunting for it. Even the Nine Underworlds didn’t sit out in this competition.

Now, it seemed that Western Pure Lands had made a breakthrough in their treasure hunting progress, so they had concentrated their manpower on it.

Sure enough, the treasure was something worthy of their investment.

It was no secret that Mahamayuri had his eyes on Sakyamuni Sarira.

His chance to ascend into Dao Realm would most likely depend on the sarira left by Sakyamuni Tathagata Buddha.

In ancient times, he was under Daoists Zhunti, so he entered Buddhism. With that, he developed the Golden Body with 24 heads and 18 arms, meeting the standard of Daoists Zhunti’s lineage.

In hindsight, it seemed reasonable that ascension into the Dao Realm would involve the sarira left behind by Daoists Zhunti.

Although no one could be sure if the treasure was the only condition and whether there were other requirements besides this, this item was undoubtedly what he desired most at present.

In Yan Zhaoge’s words, the sarira was capable of creating one of the strongest mercenaries.

Regardless of whether Mahamayuri’s attitude was to stay out of worldly affairs or to intervene when there were enough benefits, he had appeared twice in this era, all because of Sakyamuni Sarira.

Sure enough, the two occurrences of a bigwig participating were shocking to the world.

At his first emergence, he defeated many Demon Race Great Sage and Small Saint including Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles. With his efforts, he reversed the crisis enshrouding the Immortal Court that lasted for many years and directly changed the outcome of that war.

At his second emergence, he incurred a couple of volatile variables for orthodox Daoism in acquiring the Immortal Extermination Formation, almost rendering their plans failed.

Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor disappeared. Great Sage Equalling Heavens couldn’t appear in the public’s eyes due to his unique circumstances. As a result, Mahamayuri was the strongest Grand Heavenly Immortal known in the public’s eye.

In particular, his Five-Colored Divine Radiance was domineering and undefeated to everything. For opponents weaker than him, even if they were in the same realm, the radiance would pose a significant threat and crush them.

For the current orthodox Daoism, Mahamayuri was daunting.

A hundred years ago, Yan Zhaoge relied on Great Sage Equalling Heavens to manifest his true form and returned to his peak state, hindering Mahamayuri.

But that wasn’t the real Great Sage Equalling Heavens, Sun Wukong, after all.

The duration was limited.

If Yan Zhaoge failed to defeat Mahamayuri in the limited time, Mahamayuri would naturally win when the time was up.

Moreover, after that battle, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage couldn’t merge again. It would take a long time to rest before the next attempt.

Even if they could merge again, the process of refining the next Earthly Essence Stone would take long.

Hence, Mahamayuri was a considerable threat to orthodox Daoism at present.

If the old peacock had to trouble Yan Zhaoge and others during this period, there would be no Great Sage Equalling Heavens to stop him again.

The Immortal Extermination Formation could serve this function. However, the problem was that it was the check and balance for orthodox Daoism against the Dao Ancestors.

The greatest significance of the Immortal Extermination Formation to a large extent was to suppress the enemies against the orthodox Daoism below the Dao Realm.

In addition, before Great Sage Equalling Heavens could return to its peak, Yang Jian was the remaining option in facing Mahamayuri.

Of course, if Yang Jian had failed, the story would have ended.

But even if Yang Jian could stand his ground against it, Daoism’s elite forces would be occupied. At that time, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and others would inevitably vent their anger on Daoism.

Below the Dao Realm, this old peacock was undoubtedly the biggest threat to orthodox Daoism.

Fortunately, no matter if Kong Xuan were principled or prideful, he wouldn’t make a move without a sufficient benefit like Sakyamuni Sarira.

He wouldn’t intervene, whether it was the dispute between the two heretics, Demon Race and Western Pure Lands, or the battle between orthodox Daoism and Nine Underworlds.

Even if he was frustrated against the battle with Great Sage Equalling Heavens for Immortal Extermination Formation, he had no intention of seeking revenge.

A Sakyamuni Sarira would be a fair price to recruit his help. But, he would give his all and disregard the outcome.

In this sense, he wasn’t only a potential threat to orthodox Daoism but other factions too, including the Western Pure Lands where Kong Xuan had borrowed a stay.

It was just that he pointed out his want obviously. While using his power as a bargaining chip to seek gains, he was also easily restricted by others. In the end, he didn’t attract the few Dao Ancestors’ attention to strike him down.

As he had more and more Sakyamuni Sarira, Mahamayuri’s situation had gradually become more and more difficult.

Everyone had to consider restraining him.

As the number 1 under Dao Realm, Mahamayuri had his capital to participate in worldly affairs, given the situation whereby there were always disputes between several forces.

In the end, the outcome depended on the capabilities of all parties.

“Unfortunately, we don’t know how many Sakyamuni Sarira are there in Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s possession. At the same time, I am not sure how much sarira Mahamayuri needs. It’s also a mystery whether collecting all sariras is a requirement to his plan.” Yan Zhaoge gently rubbed his temples, “Otherwise, I can do much more with this information.”

Incongruence Divine Mother advised, “Although I don’t know who else has sarira in their hands, be cautious with making a deal with fellow Daoist Kong Xuan. Don’t give sarira to him easily.”

“But if we can find one, it will be a huge bargaining chip, just like the Immortal Extermination formation in our hands.” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

In a sense, it was quite accurate to say that Kong Xuan was a minor version of the Immortal Extermination Formation.

He couldn’t compete with Dao Ancestor but could act as the deterrence for the existence under Dao Realm and those close with capabilities approaching Dao Realm bigwigs.

Him being someone every faction wanted to recruit while being intimidated, Kong Xuan was a pseudo Dao Ancestor while the actual Dao Ancestors were restraining each other.

“Western Pure Lands probably have a clue to another Sakyamuni Sarira.” Yan Zhaoge said, “It probably originated from Bhante Sanavasa, more accurately Bhante Ananda.”

The central Blessed Lands of Saha changed drastically that year as Bhante Ananda perished.

But the situation was complicated and chaotic at the time. It was a time of vicissitudes. Some things might be buried in the dust of history.

Buddhism had not relaxed its search for sarira. After many years, it seemed that they had new gains now.

“If Mahamayuri learns the news, the situation will be lively.” Yan Zhaoge thought maliciously.

“About Yuqing’s Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, do you learn any new clues on its whereabouts?” Incongruence Divine Mother asked at this time.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “Brother Yang Jian and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor have been searching for it in recent years, but there is no actual progress yet.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.