Chapter 1647: Inseparable

Chapter 1647: Inseparable

Taiyi Cultivated Deity was unfazed with eliminating Mu Zha’s life, and his attention diverted back to Ne Zha.

He reached out his hand, and the lotus flew up while supporting Ne Zha on top of it. Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover above him became even more enormous, encaging Ne Zha and lotus.

Nine fire dragons hovered and spat out the milky white flames incessantly.

However, this time it didn’t play the role to suppress Ne Zha but slowly eliminated the evil intentions and malice from his body. All the efforts were to help him recuperate and return to normal as soon as possible.

Red shimmers emerged from Ne Zha’s body and lingered on his body surface. It was a sign that Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s initial efforts paid off, preventing him from sinking deeper into rock bottom and falling into a bloodthirsty state.

What was pending now was to gradually eliminate the killing intent and disintegrate the thirst for blood. That would eliminate all future worries.

Though, it would be a long process in which Taiyi Cultivated Deity had to be careful throughout the proceeding.

Any mishaps would render all previous efforts futile. However, compared with previously rampaging Ne Zha, the situation was much more manageable and safe for Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

If the suppression earlier had failed, the first person who would face Ne Zha’s fury would be Taiyi Cultivated Deity. Li Jing would be an example of what would happen.

“I heard that Little Friend Ying mentioned before that orthodox Daoism had established a new world with the initial form being completed.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity asked Yan Zhaoge and Long Xingquan.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, a total of six cosmos have been established.”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity said, “Ne Zha’s current condition is still unstable. So I may need to retreat with him into seclusion for some years. I wonder if I can borrow a cave manor?”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s polite attitude was understandable.

Although Ne Zha seemed to be fine now, the root of the problem hadn’t yet been entirely resolved. If something went south in the process, an unexpected outcome could happen. It could bring catastrophe to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and other places.

By then, even if they managed to stop Ne Zha, there would be chaos and great destruction.

If Yan Zhaoge were to leave the master and disciple at the Great Desolate Origin Schloss, it would be too far from the Daoism Six Cosmos. It would be rather inconvenient for Three Clear Lineage brethren to shield over the duo.

However, this wouldn’t trouble Yan Zhaoge too much.

Although places like Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens weren’t quite refined, it was a newly established cosmos. It was a convenient choice to lend it to Taiyi Cultivated Deity for the time being. At most, Yan Zhaoge just needed to delay the immigration previously planned.

Although Taiyi Cultivated Deity was somewhat ruthless, he wasn’t like a turtledove who would take over the nest of a magpie. Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t be concerned.

“Cultivated Deity, you’re overpolite. The return of you and Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity is a happy event for orthodox Daoism.” Yan Zhaoge arched his hand at him.

“If that’s the case, I would like to send my deepest gratitude,” replied Taiyi Cultivated Deity politely.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover on the side. Then, he shifted his gaze at Ne Zha, who was sleeping on the lotus under the transparent cover, surrounded by fire.

“Junior has heard a lot of legends about Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity, while I’m not sure with the validity of them.” Yan Zhaoge muttered, “Some rumors seem to contradict with the attitude of Pagoda Bearing God.”

After Taiyi Cultivated Deity was silent for a while, he said, “I don’t remember things that are too long ago. So if you have any questions, you may raise them first and see if I still remember.”

Daoism became more united after the Great Calamity. Yan Zhaoge and the rest had offered great help just recently. Otherwise, Taiyi Cultivated Deity might not bother even conversing, judging by how his personality was.

“Pagoda Bearing God was afraid of the troubles coming from the dragon clan back then. But, why isn’t he afraid of you and other Daoism seniors?” Yan Zhaoge had an understanding of Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s character. But, he didn’t care about Cultivated Deity’s reluctance in speaking but just asked what was on his mind.

“Li Jing became Daoist Dipankara’s disciple quite late, but he long had involvement in Buddhism before that.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity replied slowly, “Of course, there was no Central Blessed Lands of Saha and Western Pure Lands at that time, but only Western Religion of Buddhism.”

“Long before Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity was born, was Li Jing a member of Western Religion of Buddhism already?” Yan Zhaoge frowned, “There is a rumor

that Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity’s origin is in Nuwa Sovereign Palace.”

Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but look at Taiyi Cultivated Deity, “Cultivated Deity, did the Demon Race mixed into Daoism back then? Or, did you recruit them under Primordial Heavenly Lord’s order?”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s question, Taiyi Cultivated Deity just laughed and said nothing.

After a while, he still gave a vague reply, “During the ancient era, our Daoism is strong, but we have been in contest with other factions secretly and incessantly. Each side has their wins and loses.”

“Treasured Lotus Immortal Form of Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity has nothing to do with Buddhism. That’s why there is the Ruyi Golden Pagoda that specifically counters him. They are inseparable…” Yan Zhaoge hit himself on the forehead, “

Tsk

, I mean it’s quite intricate.”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s put away his smile gradually and commented with a little melancholy, “After the ancient era, the situation changes. Especially in this era, everything is completely different. Nothing beats the flow of time.”

His expression was the result of reminiscing of the memories before the Great Calamity.

Ne Zha almost perished in that catastrophe because of Li Jing.

However, the melancholy came and went away quickly. Taiyi Cultivated Deity looked at Yan Zhaoge with admiration, “Fortunately, the tide ebbs and flows. The flowers bloom and wither. The situation is about to change again.”

“What you said is true.” Yan Zhaoge nodded. Then, he said to Ying Longtu, “Later, you shall lead Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity back to our place. Also, speak to Yun Sheng and Junior Brother Lan about the situation. They will know how to deal with the situation.”

“Yes, senior brother.” Ying Longtu nodded and asked curiously, “Brother Yan, are you not coming back to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens with us?”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Long Xingquan also looked over.

“I’m not going back yet.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “I’m curious what Western Pure Lands is doing.”

The orthodox Daoism incited the war between Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus to continue. Western Pure Lands and Demon Race became more restrained so as not to benefit orthodox Daoism.

If it weren’t for being the Demon Race’s constraint, then Western Pure Lands seemed quite reserved in facing the situation with Great Desolate Origin Schloss and Ne Zha.

It seemed as if they were occupied by something else, thus lacking in manpower.

If it weren’t so, it could be that Yan Zhaoge arrived at Samantabhadra Bodhisattva one step ahead of them. As a result, he eliminated Mu Zha and the group in one go. With that, orthodox Daoism took the lead in finding Great Desolate Origin Schloss, Ying Longtu, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, and Ne Zha.

After that, Ne Zha broke out and hunted down Li Jing despite Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and other Buddhist Bhante being present. In the face of this situation, Western Pure Lands somehow didn’t send over a second wave of reinforcements.

The reason could be they were afraid of orthodox Daoism sending back up as well.

But, Yan Zhaoge intuitively thought that Western Pure Lands were short in manpower and found it unsustainable to continue the operation. Thus, there was the hasty retreat.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.