Chapter 1648: Master & Disciple

Chapter 1648: Master & Disciple

Orthodox Daoism attained the final victory during the battle for Immortal Extermination Formation and reversed their downfall circumstances after Great Calamity.

But, Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, and the rest knew that it was far from the time to relax.

It was more accurate to say that orthodox Daoism came to the same starting line with other opponents, no longer as far behind as before.

But in the end, there were still no apparent signs of who could reach the end one step earlier.

Any slight mishaps would put orthodox Daoism’s previous efforts in vain.

Even though the circumstances weren’t as tense as before, it wasn’t the time to retreat. On the contrary, it was far better to use this rare opportunity to accumulate as much strength as possible for them to face the upcoming competition that would inevitably be more intense.

“You all can return first.” Yan Zhaoge said to Ying Longtu, Long Xingquan, and Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Long Xingquan nodded, “Zhaoge, do it as you please. I will inform other brethren of the slightly abnormal situation in Western Pure Lands as soon as possible. Someone will support you then.”

“My disciple’s situation is still worrying. I can’t relax either, so I can’t help you for now.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity also added, “My disciple and I have been troubled by this for many years. Hence, we have a limited understanding of the current situation. It is best for us not to intervene without a clear overlook. I have to trouble you this time, Little Friend Yan.”

“Cultivated Deity, you’re too polite.” Yan Zhaoge bid farewell to everyone and fled into the void on himself. Ying Longtu and Long Xingquan returned to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens.

Yan Zhaoge, who parted ways with others, was stranded alone in the void, thinking while advancing.

Of course, he wouldn’t confront Western Pure Lands and ask the Buddhas, “What are you doing these days?”

Not to mention whether they would tell him, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and other Buddhism bigwigs would be pleased to take him down in their territory once and for all.

So far, Yan Zhaoge didn’t hear any rumor on what orthodox Buddhism was conspiring. The opposing party had been keeping their intelligence tight and secure.

Yan Zhaoge also needed to think of a solution.

Luckily, he wasn’t entirely clueless.

After observing that Western Pure Lands invested a lot of manpower into it, such a large-scale operation would inevitably leave some trace.

Yan Zhaoge was previously clueless because he had to direct full attention to another pressing matter. Since he was aware there was a problem now, he could revise the details he didn’t care about previously.

But first, Yan Zhaoge contacted Incongruence Divine Mother.

After her injuries were recovered and Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens was established, Incongruence Divine Mother took over from Cloudy Firmament Fairy to manage the Immortal Extermination Formation.

To some extent, she had also been monitoring the movements of other forces.

Due to the existence of the Immortal Extermination Formation, she held an advantage that other Grand Heavenly Immortal realm powerhouses didn’t possess.

Of course, other forces paid close attention to her and the Immortal Extermination Formation.

But, Incongruence Divine Mother couldn’t scrutinize everything. So, she could hardly come to a direct conclusion, but Yan Zhaoge could get a lot of first-hand scattered information from her. Those intel alone were precious enough.

Yan Zhaoge advanced swiftly, inching closer to the universe where Immortal Court and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus fought.

Then, he halted his advancement. He didn’t care less about the cruelty of the battle there.

Yan Zhaoge just waited quietly and patiently around that area.

The threat level of Immortal Extermination Formation to every force was the same. However, there were two particular heretics unable to bear the consequences, so the threat from Immortal Extermination Formation to them was always the most intuitive.

Orthodox Daoism naturally also raised this deterrence to the apex, like a sword hanging over the head. The lethal sword pointed right at Immortal Court and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

After a long time, the void vibrated slightly, revealing a clear sword-light. Then, it formed a world, covering Yan Zhaoge.

In this world, the voice of Incongruence Divine Mother rang in Yan Zhaoge’s ear, “What brings you here, Zhaoge?”

“With joy and worry, I have come to discuss with the Incongruence Divine Mother on something,” replied Yan Zhaoge.

“Where does your joy come from, and where does your worry come from?” pondered Incongruence Divine Mother.

Yan Zhaoge mentioned the good news first, “Two Jade Clear Lineage bigwigs, Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity, are back. However, the situation of Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity is a bit troublesome.”

Although the relationship with the Jade Clear Lineage wasn’t quite harmonious during the ancient eras, Incongruence Divine Mother wouldn’t need to worry about that in this current era. With that, she agreed with Yan Zhaoge’s statement, “Great, that is indeed a piece of gratifying and joyous news.”

“But besides that, there is another thing that bothers me.” Yan Zhaoge said about his doubts about Western Pure Lands, “I wonder if Divine Mother notices any abnormalities with orthodox Buddhism recently?”

Incongruence Divine Mother didn’t answer immediately but took a moment of deep thought, “Perhaps there is something worthy of attention.”

“Sanavasa entered and exited Western Pure Lands twice. The intervals are peculiarly short.” Then, she said slowly, “I heard you mentioned that Western Pure Lands may have a plan. Now that I think about it, maybe this may be a sign of something unusual.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head slightly, “Bhante Sanavasa?”

Bhante Sanavasa was one of the five hundred Arhats in the central Blessed Lands of Saha in the Middle Era. His mastery of Buddhism’s doctrine was superb and outstanding.

But in terms of cultivation, he wasn’t enough for Incongruence Divine Mother to pay much attention.

The reason he received attention now was obviously because of something else.

Yan Zhaoge naturally thought of another label on Bhante Sanavasa.

Ananda’s primary disciple.

In the Middle Era, Gautama Tathagata Buddha established the Central Blessed Lands of Saha. Among the disciples under his family, two were extremely famous: Mahakasyapa, Ananda.

Yan Zhaoge thought of Bhante Ananda because of Bhante Sanavasa.

He believed that Incongruence Divine Mother had the same idea.

Both Bhante Mahakasyapa and Bhante Ananda perished at the end of the Middle Era; the shift on the Blessed Lands of Saha triggered by Maitreya Buddha.

But just like Yan Zhaoge could easily associate Bhante Ananda with Bhante Sanavasa, he thought of the Tathagata Buddha on the Mystical Mountain.

“Did Gautama Tathagata Buddha, or maybe Dao Ancestor Zhunti leave anything behind?” Yan Zhaoge frowned, “I haven’t heard any of sort, except…”

He paused for a while.

Unlike the treasures of Six Souls Banner, Green Duckweed Sword, and Triratna Jade Sceptre left by the Dao Ancestors of the Three Clear Lineage, the transcended Dao Ancestor Zhunti didn’t seem to have left any treasures behind.

Not only did he not leave any treasure behind after transcending into Mystical Mountain Tathagata Buddha, Yan Zhaoge never heard of any one of the famous treasures in the ancient eras being handed down.

If there were such things as the Seven Treasure Tree or the Six Indriya Bamboo, Yan Zhaoge believed that the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva wouldn’t miss them. Why would they wait until today to look for them after so many years?

Though, there must be exceptions. The Sakyamuni Sarira that would even attract Mahamayuri.

Yan Zhaoge paused. Incongruence Divine Mother’s voice sounded again, “It seems that you have also thought about that. This is the most likely possibility after careful consideration.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.