Chapter 1646: Shatter The Skull

Chapter 1646: Shatter The Skull

After Taiyi Cultivated Deity took out the lotus, he shook it cautiously at Ne Zha.

Ne Zha turned his head in a dazed look, but there was still no focus in his eyes when he looked at Taiyi Cultivated Deity and the lotus.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity was relieved when he saw this.

He wrote a talisman in the void with his other hand. The talisman flew into the void, turning into white rays, like rain.

Ne Zha didn’t respond when the white rays showered on him.

But the red light in his eyes became more clear and dazzling.

At the same time, from the lotus-like skin, there were also faint red shimmers.

The red shimmers coincided with the drizzle of white rays.

At the intersection of the red and white lights, Ne Zha’s body shook. In the seven orifices, darkened blood oozed out with a green hue on it.

There was no painful expression on Ne Zha’s face, but his initially blank eyes suddenly showed an irritable and resisting look.

In the black blood, there was an intense malicious spirit and Evil Qi.

It wasn’t pathogenic blood but the manifestation of the evil thought and malicious vibe.

When Taiyi Cultivated Deity saw this, he didn’t panic. But, his expression turned more serious as he became more cautious with what he was already doing.

He kept sprinkling white light, allowing it to cover Ne Zha’s body. Simultaneously, he gently shook the lotus in his hand. The lotus glowed with colorful brilliance and fell on Ne Zha.

On the other side, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, Narayan Buddha, and many other Buddhist bigwigs all looked solemn.

They stepped forward, but Yan Zhaoge and others stopped them.

When Narayan Buddha was careless, Yan Zhaoge smacked over with his Chaotic Origin Hammer. Another follow-up attack came from the monkey’s Ru Yi Golden Cudgel. If it weren’t for Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and others to rescue Narayan Buddha, another life would have perished on the spot.

The Buddhas couldn’t manage the whole situation. Once one side was secured, another side was endangered.

While Samantabhadra Bodhisattva rescued Narayan Buddha, another Golden Body of the Great Sage pounced and knocked down Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.

After Yan Zhaoge took back the Chaotic Origin Hammer, he immediately changed the target and hit the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha with a hammer!

Chaotic Origin Hammer struck the Buddha’s head.

Supposedly, Buddhism Bhante Golden Body was strong in vitality.

Yet, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s skull was sunken and shattered. His eyes were wide open, staring at Yan Zhaoge, but he was speechless.

“It seems this is the end for you,” said Yan Zhaoge lightly.

Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha let out a long sigh, finally letting out his last breath. He put his hands together and passed away.

His body gradually ignited a red flame. The Golden Body burnt in the flame and turned to ashes. Land of Buddhism disappeared. Everything burned and returned to the red flame.

In the end, the crimson flames were all absorbed in a sarira above his head.

A Buddha, who attained Buddhist Enlightenment in the Middle Era, didn’t perish in the civil war in Blessed Lands of Saha at the beginning of this era, or in the Great Calamity, but died under Yan Zhaoge’s hands that day.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and other Buddhist Bhante chanted the Buddhism doctrine even though there was no sadness on their face, “Namo Amitabha!”

Seeing the situation in front of him, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva shook his head repeatedly.

Although Ne Zha was temporarily unable to participate in the battle, the Buddhas suffered casualties, declining their combat strength. The fight was no longer sustainable for them.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva knew that Western Pure Lands couldn’t spare any manpower to continue to support him in a short period, so he had no choice but to make a decision. He took Narayan Buddha and others to retreat.

He tried to rescue his apprentice Mu Zha but was unsuccessful.

In the end, he could only sigh and leave this universe.

Yan Zhaoge and others didn’t pursue further. Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Ne Zha was the top priority at the moment. It was best to stay put and prevent any accidents from happening.

“

Chi!

” Taiyi Cultivated Deity let out a soft sigh and changed his hand seals.

Circle of Yin Yang returned to Ne Zha’s neck. The Chaotic Heavenly Twill wrapped around Ne Zha’s arm and fluttered despite there being no wind. The Wheels of Wind and Fire under his feet kept rolling. Even the Fire-tipped Spear that came back in his hand had trembled.

The treasures on Ne Zha seemed to come to life at this moment. They were constantly admonishing Ne Zha and helping Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Most of these treasures were initially given to Ne Zha by Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

When Yan Zhaoge saw this, he nodded secretly in his heart.

Ne Zha’s gaze was still out of focus, looking confused. However, the irritable and resisting look faded a lot. The Evil Qi between his brows seemed to have disappeared a lot.

The evil aura and murderous intent revealed in the filthy blood oozing from his facial features and seven orifices were getting heavier and heavier.

Without Samantabhadra Bodhisattva’s Tridharma Golden Lotus disturbance, Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover immediately came in handy again.

The nine fire dragons surrounding the cover spewed milky white flames together.

The raging fire fell on Ne Zha, not hurting him, but burning the filthy blood.

The filthy blood burnt while it kept oozing out. It seemed endless in hindsight.

But Taiyi Cultivated Deity was delighted, and his expression seemed less tense.

After removing some of the filthy blood, he shook the lotus in his hand to Ne Zha again.

Ne Zha’s blank eyes finally closed as if he had fallen asleep. His figure involuntarily drifted towards the Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

The lotus in Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s hand grew bigger at this time, supporting Ne Zha’s body and letting Ne Zha fall asleep on it.

The Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover floats above the lotus. The flame still fell continuously, slowly but firmly purifying the filthy blood that oozed from Ne Zha’s facial features and seven orifices.

“Congratulations to Cultivated Deity.” Yan Zhaoge, Long Xingquan, and the Daoist Ubiquitous rescued previously stepped forward to congratulate.

“It’s just the beginning. I don’t know how long it will take afterward.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity said, but his expression was relatively relaxed with a slight smile on his face.

Yan Zhaoge also smiled, “A good start is half the battle.”

“Thanks for your kind words.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled and nodded.

Then, he looked at Mu Zha, who was caught by the Golden Body of the Great Sage, “How does Little Friend Yan plan to deal with this person?”

“I don’t care. I leave it to Cultivated Deity,” said Yan Zhaoge.

At this time, Mu Zha’s anger had calmed down. He looked at Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity expressionlessly, repeating the previous words, “I just want to face this calamity with my father.”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity sighed softly, “Idiot…”

He didn’t say much and dropped his palm.

Mu Zha has no wounds on his body, but his eyes were closed, and he perished.

Yan Zhaoge looked at this scene with no sadness or joy in his heart, but what he thought of was the scene when he saw the high-spirited Mu Zha at the beginning of the year.

Only now, everything had returned to the dust.

From the bottom of his heart, Yan Zhaoge didn’t have a bad impression of Mu Zha, but he wouldn’t spare mercy to those who stood hostile against him.

Regardless of Mu Zha’s personality, it was clear that he had a completely different view from Ne Zha with Li Jing.

Li Jing perished in Ne Zha’s hands. There was no room to reconcile between Mu Zha and him.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity acted on behalf of Ne Zha. To some extent, it was a kind of consideration for the apprentice. Of course, it was naturally cruel for Mu Zha. But, Taiyi Cultivated Deity had been a ruthless figure since the past eras. Yan Zhaoge wasn’t surprised by this action.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.