Chapter 1645: Hammering

Chapter 1645: Hammering

Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha watched how the chaos and origin manifested as Yan Zhaoge flipped his palms and couldn’t help but take a deep breath.

For Yan Zhaoge’s counterattack, he was mentally prepared. He planned to suppress it with the secret of Buddhism Samudaya-satya in the hope of subduing Yan Zhaoge with the treasured dhvaja’s attack.

But at this moment, seeing Yan Zhaoge’s blow imbued with Chaos Origin Opening, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha stopped his previous plans and attacked Yan Zhaoge head-on with Buddhism Marga instead.

He held no hopes to capture or subdue Yan Zhaoge. Instead, his sole wish was to beat Yan Zhaogre into retreat.

Buddhism’s magical powers and mysteries were integrated and transformed into more marvelous intricacies as if the concept of earlier heaven was shattered, confronting Yan Zhaoge’s Chaos Origin Opening.

The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha gave it all. The golden lamp and sarira on top of him were shining brightly at this time.

With the fragrance of blossoming green lotus permeating the void, it tried to replace the space and time opened up by Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

Buddha descended and came under the treasured dhvaja. It reached out his palm to strike Yan Zhaoge.

The crimson flame touched the green lotus, and the lotus suddenly burned.

However, the burning didn’t turn it into ashes but red lotus blossoms. The petals dropped from the sky, forming a sea of lotus. As a result, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha manifested the descend of the Land of Buddhism to bury Yan Zhaoge.

A faint smile crept upon Yan Zhaoge’s mouth as he watched the scene unfold.

His right hand continued to move upward, but a hammer suddenly appeared in his left hand.

“Chaotic Origin Hammer!” Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s eyelids jumped wildly with a bad premonition occupying his heart.

Chaotic Origin Hammer was the treasure that Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal carried around before. It gave Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal reputations through many battles. Its might to kill wasn’t inferior to the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

After the death of Nimbostratus Cloud Immortal, Chaotic Origin Hammer fell into Yan Zhaoge’s hands. Over the years, he had carefully studied and refined it.

As the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha approached, Yan Zhaoge gripped the hammer tightly and struck toward the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha!

Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha was caught off guard and was knocked over by the hammer’s strike.

Yan Zhaoge spared no mercy and made a follow-up attack with no hesitation. He waved his Chaotic Origin Hammer and immediately struck Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha down again.

“Namo Amitabha!” Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s Golden Body cracked directly in his chest. He resisted the pain, chanted Buddha’s doctrine, and the sarira shined brightly on his head.

Blooming red lotus clusters surrounded the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.

The red lotus bloomed again, blocking Chaotic Origin Hammer. However, Chaotic Origin Hammer broke through and continued to strike Buddha.

Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha was helpless, so he had to dodge away. Hence, it became inevitable for the golden lamp above his head to be knocked over.

On the other side, Yan Zhaoge rose step by step, flipping up with a palm, and overturned the treasured dhvaja.

As soon as the treasured dhvaja was overturned, the fiery rain extinguished. Land of Buddhism, which the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha summoned up, went collapsing.

Yan Zhaoge grabbed the treasured dhvaja with his right hand and knocked down the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha with his left hand. The opposing Buddha was beaten into a sorry retreat, which he could only keep fleeing and evading.

As a common fact, Immortal Essence could hardly break Immortal Splendour. There was no way for a Grand Virtual Immortal to hurt a Grand Heavenly Immortal. As a matter of fact, it was considered a splendid feat if a Grand Virtual Immortal could get into a physical touch on Grand Heavenly Immortal, let alone injuring it.

But, Yan Zhaoge’s converged flower was incomparable to most Virtual Immortals.

With the Chaotic Origin Hammer in Yan Zhaoge’s hand, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha could hardly fend for himself.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, Narayan Buddha, and other Buddhist bigwig experts frowned upon seeing this.

However, they were occupied with tricky opponents and had no time to help.

Compared to the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha facing Yan Zhaoge, Li Jing was in a much more dangerous situation.

Although Ruyi Golden Tower restrained Ne Zha’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form, Li Jing’s combat strength was far inferior to Ne Zha after all.

Without external help, Pagoda Bearing God still couldn’t escape his misfortune.

Circle of Yin Yang fell from the sky, smashing the Ruyi Golden Pagoda and throwing it out of Li Jing’s hand.

The terrifying spear tip ran through the void, seemingly emerging from nothingness. It pierced the central breastplate of the front chest armor and stabbed out from the back!

Pagoda Bearing GodLi Jing looked down at the spear body exposed in front of his chest. He wanted to say something, but only one sentence could be heard.

“Master, how can you do this to me…”

As the voice reverberated, Li Jing’s eyes widened, and his vigor faded.

The wound pierced by the Fire-tipped Spear on his chest spread. The whole body gradually disappeared into ashes.

Ne Zha stared at Li Jing blankly, subconsciously letting go of the spear in his hand.

Evil Qi between his eyebrows became more intense, but his expression was a little dazed.

The blood between his eyes grew thicker, but his eyes were hollow and dull.

Ne Zha was so murderous previously as if a killing machine had come to the world. At this moment, he stood in the void as if he was a sculpture.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva waved Demon Subduing Vajra repeatedly and finally forced Taiyi Cultivated Deity back.

But he was already too late at the moment. After seeing what happened to Li Jing and Ne Zha, he sighed and approached Ne Zha.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity stood in his path, “My disciple is in a trance state. Fellow Daoist, this isn’t an opportunity for you to take advantage. If you alert him, he will wake him up immediately. Although you’re better than me, you’re unmatched to this kid.”

“The juniors grow better than the seniors. I understand that.” Samantabhadra Bodhisattva commented, “But, I can also see that your disciple is sinking into a bloodthirsty state. It will be difficult for him to extricate himself. Eventually, he will become a public enemy by then.”

“Nevermind Three Clear Lineage, even Astro Mountains Starry Sea and Nine Underworlds won’t allow him to exist anymore, right?” Samantabhadra Bodhisattva certainly didn’t intend to fight Ne Zha to the death.

He was well-aware of the plan Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity crafted. He knew that the two intended to use Li Jing as a trigger to resolve Ne Zha’s thirst for blood and Evil Qi.

If disturbed and the plan was unsuccessful, Ne Zha would turn into a killing machine.

At that time, no factions would be happy to see such an existence being active everywhere. What happened in the end would be a joint extermination plan.

Daoism’s Three Clear Lineages might not dispatch forces to protect him in the end.

“Fellow Daoist enters the Buddha with compassion, but you want to hinder that kid from returning to his path. Are you planning to create the asura with your own hand?” Taiyi Cultivated Deity naturally refused to let Samantabhadra Bodhisattva interrupt his plan. Of course, he quickly made a move.

“Bodhisattva, I need to keep you here.” At the same time, Yan Zhaoge also waved his Chaotic Origin Hammer from afar and struck.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva had no choice but to stop. He waved Demon Subduing Vajra and deflected the Chaotic Origin Hammer.

After such a pause, Taiyi Cultivated Deity immediately caught up again.

The other Buddhist Bhante had their own plans, but they were also intercepted by two Golden Bodies of the Great Sage and Long Xingquan.

“It’s an inevitable tribulation.” Samantabhadra Bodhisattva stopped abruptly, no longer approaching Ne Zha. He changed directions and rushed towards Pan Pan’s Golden Body of the Great Sage.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva finally gave up at this moment. He changed his goal to rescue his apprentice, Mu Zha.

The demon monkey that Pan Pan transformed into was fearless. It waved the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel in all directions, and even Samantabhadra Bodhisattva felt a headache to overcome it.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity ignored Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and flew towards Ne Zha.

He came closer to Ne Zha but still maintained a certain distance. He cautiously stopped and then took out a lotus.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.