Chapter 1642: The Lure & The Trigger

Chapter 1642: The Lure & The Trigger

After listening to the conversation between Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity, how could Mu Zha not get their idea?

Contact the martial art practitioner who was with Ying Longtu before and use him as a lure to catch Li Jing and the rest.

After listening to what Yan Zhaoge said, Mu Zha deduced that the martial art practitioner’s cultivation realm was similar to Ying Longtu.

Even if that martial art practitioner had pushed open the Immortal Door, he wouldn’t exceed the Tranquil Profound Immortal realm and most likely be at the Leakless True Immortal realm.

When Li Jing and the rest couldn’t find Mu Zha and others, they were naturally wary of having the Daoism bigwigs ambushing them.

But to find out what happened, they must spread out to investigate.

A True Immortal or a Profound Immortal would undoubtedly pose a lesser threat for Li Jing and the group.

After all, not everyone was the same as Yan Zhaoge.

Li Jing might not know whether the martial art practitioner was involved. But, since he appeared in the vicinity, it was a potential source of information.

Li Jing and the rest wouldn’t ignore the martial art practitioner even if it were merely trying on their luck. They would rather kill an innocent one rather than miss their chances of finding the culprit.

This gave Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity a chance.

Mu Zha sighed, showing helplessness.

He was the trigger to the ordeal.

It wasn’t like it would be fine if he didn’t give in or cooperate.

As long as Li Jing lost contact with him, he had become the trigger for the entire event.

The helpless Traveling Monk Hui An could only hope that the people on his side would be careful enough to see through the arrangement of Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity and not step into this trap.

Taking a look at the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover filled with white flames, Mu Zha’s mood was gloomy.

Yan Zhaoge nodded at the demon monkey incarnate by Pan Pan. The demon monkey shrank a little while still holding the Divine Suppression Iron to suppress the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover. Then, the demon monkey stood on the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover, standing beside Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity manifested a hand seal with one hand and tapped the air with one finger.

A transformation took place in the Great Desolate Origin Schloss, where everyone was in. The aura of desolateness gathered towards Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity sealed Ne Zha with the help of Great Desolate Origin Schloss.

At this moment, seal carvings appeared together, manifesting the appearance of chains. These chains had entwined on the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover.

After Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s actions, the chains of desolate aura shattered one after another.

The Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover seemed to be showing signs of instability again.

But Taiyi Cultivated Deity and the monkey had long been prepared. Together, with the help of Divine Suppression Iron, the transparent cover was once again suppressed.

“Raise!” Taiyi Cultivated Deity whispered. The Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover flew up. Under his guidance, the cover flew outside the Great Desolate Origin Schloss.

Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh of relief. From around his body, a transparent and thin thunder light mirage appeared.

Every “bubble” of thunder light seemed fragile and weightless. However, they had seemingly reached the pinnacle of heaviness, as if time and space were stacked on top of each other.

The thunder light expanded outwards and gradually formed an independent world, accommodating Yan Zhaoge, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, the monkey, and Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover.

“Let’s go. We look into the Great Desolate Origin Schloss later. Let’s focus on what is on our hands now,” said Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Yan Zhaoge continued to hold Mu Zha while making a “please” gesture, “Grand Master Taiyi, please come with me.”

“Even though you’re of Jade Clear lineage, please stop addressing me as Grand Master. I don’t live up to that title.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity turned his head and looked at the world Yan Zhaoge created with Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder. The mystery contained was magnificent due to Yan Zhaoge’s young age, “With a talent like you, it is no wonder that our Daoism is revived.”

“Cultivated Deity, you’re too polite.” Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity went out of the Great Desolate Origin Schloss, reentered the endless void outside the domain. While strolling, they were looking for Long Xingquan and Daoist Ubiquitous.

It wasn’t easy to contact each other in the void. But after all, the group came here specifically to find Ying Longtu. If more and more of them got separated and went missing, they would be just mere jokes.

Therefore, before Yan Zhaoge, Long Xingquan, and Daoist Ubiquitous split into two groups, they dedicated a place to meet again. The interval between each meeting was short too.

Yan Zhaoge arrived at the place. Without a long wait, he saw Long Xingquan and Daoist Ubiquitous appear.

Seeing that they were alright, Yan Zhaoge was also relieved.

Long Xingquan and Daoist Ubiquitous were happy to see Ying Longtu unharmed, but they were surprised when they saw Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

But they quickly became delighted. The more bigwigs still alive, the better for the entire Three Clear Lineage.

After listening to Yan Zhaoge about the arrangements, Long Xingquan nodded, “There is indeed unusual movement nearby. We are cautious and try to avoid it. Now it seems that Western Pure Lands’ reinforcements have arrived. They must be looking for the Traveling Monk Hui’s group.”

“Young Heavenly Lord’s plan, I have no objection and can start at any time.” Daoist Ubiquitous stated.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “In that case, I will need to trouble fellow Daoist Ubiquitous. Please be rest assured that we will stay close to you in case of anything happening.”

“Young Heavenly Lord, you’re too polite in this.” Daoist Ubiquitous bowed to Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity, then he turned around and left.

Yan Zhaoge and others waited a moment before following along.

“Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity is still alive. That’s gratifying to hear.” Long Xingquan also looked at the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover, “It’s a pity that he has to suffer such a misfortune. I only hope that this time we can succeed in turning the tide.”

“As long as the God Li comes, this calamity won’t be difficult to resolve.” Yan Zhaoge added, “If we can’t meet Li Jing today, then we have to continue to aggravate Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity for some time while we will slowly figure out a solution.”

Mu Zha looked angry, but unfortunately, he was captured by Yan Zhaoge and couldn’t struggle his way to freedom.

“

Well

, are we a bit overboard to plot against his dad in front of him?” Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips.

Despite saying so, Yan Zhaoge did not have any psychological burden to do this. The decision in killing Li Jing of Western Pure Lands was to restore Ne Zha, one of Daoism’s experts.

The only reason for Yan Zhaoge to think twice was to reflect on how to get the best outcome.

After a short while, Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s expressions moved slightly.

They could sense that there seemed to be a situation on the Daoist Ubiquitous side.

“The fish bites the bait.” Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity looked at each other and nodded. They immediately stopped and started their preparations.

The realm within Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder was vast and gloomy.

The qi in this part of the world sank quietly.

Yan Zhaoge and Taiyi Cultivated Deity hid their spiritual senses and stayed hidden.

Only Long Xingquan didn’t hide his trace and proceeded calmly.

Soon, Long Xingquan felt that there seemed to be signs of Buddhists’ activities in the distance.

He didn’t stop but continued to get closer. After advancing forward briefly, he stopped and swiftly turned around.

As that happened, the opponent suddenly accelerated towards him.

The Buddha light flashed. In an instant, several green lotuses appeared in front of Long Xingquan, as if they were here waiting long ago.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.