Chapter 1652: Each Had Their Own Plans

Chapter 1652: Each Had Their Own Plans

“If no unexpected things happen, our plan can work,” said Gao Han after meeting up with the group.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor nodded, “Then let’s wait a bit.”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng naturally agreed.

Even if they succeeded in revealing the news to Mahamayuri, Mahamayuri might not launch an immediate attack. He would stay hidden and let Western Pure Lands look for the Sakyamuni Sarira.

When there was a definite clue and the Orthodox Buddhism went to get the sarira, Mahamayuri would promptly intervene.

Similarly, it was also the time when Yan Zhaoge’s group should act.

If they failed to pass the news to Mahamayuri, it wasn’t the end yet, but Yan Zhaoge and others had to take greater risks.

The group had a chat and waited patiently.

Compared to Western Pure Lands, Yan Zhaoge paid more attention to the two people in front of him.

Unlike Exalted Lunar Luminary Ling Qing, Exalted Solar Luminary Gao Han could be regarded as a half apprentice of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor since he had always followed Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor around.

So how much did the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor know about Gao Han’s secret connection with orthodox Buddhism?

Or could it be Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor instigated all of that?

If it were the latter situation, it would be even more thought-provoking.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had a poor relationship with Immortal Court heretics. As early as before World beyond Worlds was established, he had constant conflicts with Immortal Court. Otherwise, Triratna Jade Sceptre wouldn’t have been lost.

On the other hand, Western Pure Lands had been supporting the Immortal Court secretly. Both sides worked together to fight Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Demon Race.

Of course, it still made some sense as to why Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had good relations with Western Pure Lands but not the Immortal Court.

While Western Pure Lands helped the Immortal Court, it also contacted the descendants of orthodox Daoism who opposed the Immortal Court.

Orthodox Buddhism and the Immortal Court allied in many aspects. But, after all, they were two different factions. It was natural that each had their own plans.

But Yan Zhaoge was interested in the intricate matters happening in the dark.

With orthodox Daoism revived and the overall situation greatly improved, the secluded powerhouses finally emerged after the Great Calamity.

The rising stars who were born after the Great Calamity had also prospered one after another.

While orthodox Daoism was advancing in its strength, the bigwigs who previously supported the Daomen situation seemed to be much lower-key in recent years. Their glory was dimmed compared to before.

Incongruence Divine Mother was in a unique situation because of the Immortal Extermination Formation, but that was all.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and North Star Emperor seemed to be trying to keep a low profile.

The Daoism figures worthy of attention which the outside world talked about would be Yang Jian, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, Incongruence Divine Mother, Cloudy Firmament Fairy, Suo Mingzhang, and Feng Yusheng.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du was noted for his cultivation approaching the Dao realm. The world knew Incongruence Divine Mother and Cloudy Firmament Fairy were taking turns in charge of the Immortal Extermination Formation. Suo Mingzhang and Feng Yusheng were recognized as juniors who had advanced by leaps and bounds.

Of course, the most attention-catching person would be Yan Zhaoge, recognized as Young Heavenly Lord.

The return of the teacher and disciple duo, Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Ne Zha, also attracted much attention.

But, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and North Star Emperor weren’t as conspicuous as before.

It was an exaggeration to say that each new generation excels the previous, giving off the vibe that new would replace the old.

Despite this circumstance, Yan Zhaoge had paid close attention to the inconspicuous people.

Compared to the North Star Emperor with diverting ideals and bad relationships, Yan Zhaoge paid more attention to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, who had always seemed to be a comrade.

Yan Zhaoge’s attitude became so due to many clues and his intuition.

He was unfazed on the surface but was on-guard with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor in secret.

Time passed quickly. Suddenly, several people in the conversation went silent.

The thunder light around the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor dimmed instantly, turning the cosmic word dark. It was as if he was shrouded in the night.

Yan Zhaoge and others also hid their presence and traces as if disappearing out of thin air in a dark void.

Soon, in the distant Western Pure Lands, many green lotuses floated into the distance.

“Let’s divide into two groups.” Yan Zhaoge suggested.

Both Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han nodded in agreement.

Yan Zhaoge did it to safeguard himself against potential conspiracy.

Yan Zhaoge and the group suspected that the Western Pure Lands were occupied by something else because of the lack of manpower searching for Ne Zha and Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

After Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and other Buddhist Bhante returned to Western Pure Lands and met with other Buddha bigwigs, they might be aware that their actions might arouse suspicion from orthodox Daoism.

Not to mention, Yan Zhaoge also contacted Gao Han to alert the Mahamayuri. It had likely alarmed Buddhism.

Even if Yan Zhaoge and his party weren’t found to be spying on the side, Western Pure Lands was cautious. They would probably create false images to cover up what really happened.

Therefore, Yan Zhaoge and the rest were divided into two groups. He and Feng Yunsheng would be a pair while the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han would focus elsewhere.

While tracing the Buddhists leaving Western Pure Lands, the other pair would watch over here to see if Buddhism had other actions.

“Since you have doubts about them, why don’t we act separately and watch over both sides?” Feng Yunsheng asked as she watched the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han followed the few green lotuses and left.

“Don’t worry. Even if something happens, it will not happen today.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Western Pure Lands is a big force after all. Mahamayuri isn’t a simpleton either. To get something out of the tiger’s mouth, we need to cooperate.”

“If we have discoveries here, we shall inform Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor as soon as possible. For our concerns, we will go through it after we secure a chance to succeed.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded in affirmation, “Let’s see what Western Pure Lands is planning.”

On the other hand, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha stayed in his Buddhist kingdom, sitting on a colossal lotus platform in the peaceful and joyous Buddhist Blessed Lands filled with the chants of Buddhist doctrines.

On all sides of the lotus platform, other Buddhist bigwig powerhouses sat in place. Everyone’s eyes were on the lotus heart, where there was a robe floating in the air.

The robe burned with only half of it left. The flame was still slowly and constantly devouring the remaining pieces of cloth.

“Due to the little accident that happened at Great Desolate Origin Schloss, not only Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha perished, but Three Clear Lineage may also notice our plan.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said slowly, “Unfortunately, the bow of the arrow is already pulled. We have to continue with the plan.”

In front of him, Vajrapramardi Buddha said, “Guanyin and the others have already set off, but I don’t know if they can attract the orthodox Daoism’s attention.”

“So, you need to be more careful next.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said while looking at the burning robe, “I can’t leave this place because I need to stay here to maintain the rituals. So I have to rely on fellow Buddhists.”

Around him, some Buddhism Bhantes clasped their hands together, “Yup, we have to trouble our fellow brethren.”

Vajrapramardi Buddha and the other Buddhist Bhantes all replied, “It’s our responsibility. If the Archaic Buddha doesn’t maintain the ritual, how do we proceed?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.