Chapter 1659: Peerless Annihilation Sword

Chapter 1659: Peerless Annihilation Sword

As Nie Jingshen left, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng chased over together.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor immediately withdrew from the battlefield.

Although the Green Lotus Treasured Flag was tainted by the seawater of Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea, this treasure was still attractive. At this moment, Yan Zhaoge had retrieved it. Of course, the Buddhist Bhante and the demon race were all displeased about it.

However, the situation was too chaotic right now. All factions were baring their teeth, eyeing each other in alert.

In the end, everyone left due to the scruples in their hearts.

The Nine Underworlds devil group also chased Nie Jingshen, Yan Zhaoge, and others.

Nie Jingshen darted away while Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng were in pursuit.

“Brother Nie!” Yan Zhaoge whispered.

Nie Jingshen ignored him and just moved forward.

Yan Zhaoge frowned and sighed, “Sorry.”

Having said that, Yan Zhaoge smashed the Chaotic Origin Hammer toward Nie Jingshen’s back.

Nie Jingshen finally stopped. He turned around and wielded his sword. The sword-light converged to a single point, trying to absorb the Chaotic Origin Hammer.

“Brother Nie…” Feng Yunsheng also apologized before she launched her attack.

Feng Yunsheng severed the dark golden sword light with her saber light and freed the Chaotic Origin Hammer, but the smashing motion was being interrupted in this process.

“Fellow Daoists, don’t be overly polite?” Nie Jingshen’s tone was indifferent. The dark golden sword light scattered and reunited, manifesting into a slash towards Feng Yunsheng again!

The attack fully displayed the devil dao capable of annihilating all living beings, leading to word destruction.

After Nie Jingshen had fallen to be a devil, he had honed his Peerless Sword Dao to a greater height, transforming the Jade Illusory Peerless Sword into Peerless Annihilation Sword. His dao became more inclined toward destruction and ruination in this process, showing resemblance to Chaos Extinguishing Imperious Annihilation and Feng Yunsheng’s Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation.

Despite the similarities, the three major annihilation doctrines had their individual profundities.

Nie Jingshen’s sword light collided head-on with Feng Yunsheng’s sword light. In the end, Feng Yunsheng’s sword light attack was far more ruthless and stood victorious.

However, Nie Jingshen’s sword light was faster than Feng Yunsheng’s sword light between each incantation. Immediately after the first exchange, another attack had approached Feng Yunsheng.

Chaotic abyss shrouded Feng Yunsheng above her head, trapping and hindering Nie Jingshen’s approaching sword light.

Nie Jingshen’s sword light transformed and slipped away from her chaotic abyss’s containment and continued attacking her.

The swords continued to clash against each other, putting both parties in a stalemate.

Yan Zhaoge retrieved the Chaotic Origin Hammer and looked at Nie Jingshen solemnly.

In the rear, other Great Devils had also arrived.

At the same time, the void near Fang Yuyu revealed a gap. Devilish qi gushed out from it, with more devil powerhouses appearing.

It seemed that they didn’t come here to meet Nie Jingshen and his group but spread out and encircled Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

The figure of an elderly human finally appeared; it was the Primordial Heart Devil.

It seemed that the Nine Underworlds had never given up the idea of taking Feng Yunsheng back.

However, while the enemies were emerging in the void, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Cloudy Firmament Fairy were looming around.

The orthodox Daoism’s backup was also here.

Powerhouses of both sides were battle-ready. The crowd was facing each other, yet no one initiated anything.

Both the Nine Underworlds devil group and the orthodox Daoism didn’t plan to start the war immediately.

Western Pure Lands and the demon race could intervene at any time.

In the end, both sides gave up on settling the score.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head and said to Nie Jingshen, “Senior apprentice-sister Yu is still in a coma, but her life is no longer in danger.”

Feng Yunsheng sheathed her saber and backed away. Nie Jingshen was unfazed, and he dispersed the dark gold sword light in his hand, “Everything will return to nothing, no matter you, me, or her.”

The Devilish qi exuding from the devil group eroded the void blatantly, forming a devil domain.

Where the Daoism people stood, they automatically separated the devilish qi from the universe. Two separate worlds silently confronted each other.

The devil group disappeared together with the devil domain. Yan Zhaoge and others watched the enemies leave and remained silent for a long time.

“Junior Yan, stay calm.” After a long while, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor comforted.

Cloudy Firmament Fairy also set her eyes on Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge withdrew his gaze and shook his head slightly, “Don’t worry about me, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Cloudy Firmament Lady.”

“I have anticipated the scene unfolding today. But, I can’t help but feel disappointed and frustrated when I’m in the moment. Still, it won’t affect my judgment.” Yan Zhaoge sighed softly.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said slowly, “Junior Brother Huang Long made a mistake that day and stepped into the devil dao. I have severed his wrongful path along with my juniors and seniors by ending his life.”

What he said was a legend before the Great Calamity, and it was also a scandal for the Daoism’s Jade Clear Lineage.

It happened after the Middle Era while freshly entering the present era. One of the Jade Illusory Twelve Immortals, Yellow Dragon Cultivated Deity, had entered the devil path, cast himself to the Nine Underworlds, and became the Yellow Dragon Devil Lord.

Afterward, it caused a dispute between Daoism and Nine Underworlds that lasted many years.

In the end, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Lord of Broad Accomplishment, and the rest from the Jade Clear Lineage eliminated the Yellow Dragon Devil Lord.

That disaster had a wide range of implications. Not only the Yellow Dragon Devil Lord had perished, but also the Jade Clear Lineage’s bigwig Master Amidst Clouds, who was once the number one Origin Heavenly Scripture cultivator, also perished in the hands of Primordial Heart Devil.

Primordial Heart Devil was also severely injured and had to stay in Nine Underworlds for many years. It wasn’t until Great Calamity that he surfaced again in the last few hundred years, but his injuries hadn’t been completely healed.

In the Jade Illusory Palace, the Kindling Devil Spirit contained in the Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp was also in the war at that time. After the Jade Clear Lineage’s bigwig wiped out the Devil of Fire of that generation, they inadvertently seized the lamp.

Yan Zhaoge had also heard about this period of history previously. At this moment, he heard the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor mention it. He let out a long sigh, “Don’t worry about it, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. I have a clear grasp on the situation.”

“That’s good.” Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said, “The current situation is different from that time. Although Nine Underworlds is still the public enemy of all living beings, it still needs time and detailed planning to seek them out and defeat them.”

Even though the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Immortal Court were at war, the Western Pure Lands and demon race were factors that should be considered.

“Let’s leave quickly. We can’t utilize the Green Lotus Treasured Flag for the time being. So, we shouldn’t stay here further just in case new changes happen.” Yan Zhaoge nodded silently.

The rest had the same opinion. Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Cloudy Firmament Fairy slowly disappeared and sank into the void.

The transformed Pan Pan was lying in Feng Yunsheng’s arms. Yan Zhaoge nodded to Feng Yunsheng, and the two left together.

“Zhaoge…” Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge, worried.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head slightly, “Let’s resolve that in the future.”

He rubbed his temples and smiled positively amidst the misfortune, “With Brother Nie’s current cultivation, there are very limited people who can eliminate him. What’s more, he has a huge room for improvement just like you.”

Feng Yunsheng looked back into his eyes, but she was even more worried.

“Don’t worry about me. I’m fine.” Yan Zhaoge appeared thoughtful, “I was thinking about what Senior Brother Nie mentioned.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.