Chapter 1654: Buddhist Stupa

Chapter 1654: Buddhist Stupa

Vajrapramardi Buddha and others set foot on the ruins, and the scene of the ruins changed again.

Rolling stardust once again swept through, surrounding the ruins again.

Moreover, the star vortex that reappeared in the void expanded much more than before.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng looked at each other and frowned.

“This place seems to be part of the central Blessed Lands of Saha in the past. When the Future Buddha revolutionized Buddhism’s doctrine, Blessed Lands broke apart during the civil war. But, its fragment remains so wondrous after so many years.”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flashed, “We can now be certain that the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhas aren’t proceeding their plan in a blind guess, rather they have the confidence to put in their stakes. I’m afraid that Sakyamuni Sarira is really here. Even if it isn’t Sakyamuni Sarira, it must be a grand treasure of Buddhism. Otherwise, the events wouldn’t unfold as such.”

“The situation in front of us isn’t conducive to continuing our surveillance.” Feng Yunsheng added, “Unless we also go in and get closer.”

“It’s not just us that are affected.” Yan Zhaoge said, “For those Great Demons, they’re facing the same problem.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded and looked into the void in the distance, “They made their move.”

The couple’s sight penetrated the void as if they could reach far and beyond, reaching the limit on how visionary functions could be improved. A scene appeared in their minds.

The ruthless demonic qi turned into gusts of dark demonic wind, approaching the star vortex from another direction, and gradually entered it.

The star vortex was like an endless vast ocean. While accommodating the demonic wind into it, it was still ever-expanding, like a sea tide, submerging areas of void one after another.

The twinkling starlight kept gushing forward and even approached Yan Zhaoge, who had stayed far away in surveillance.

“Something’s wrong.” Yan Zhaoge gently rubbed his temples, assessing the surroundings. What beheld his eyes were a stardust zone that continued to expand.

In this way, it became more challenging to monitor the star vortex’s surrounding environment, let alone the existing challenge to explore its interior.

Star vortex covered a large area.

Feng Yunsheng was already a Grand Heavenly Realm elite. Time and space were no longer a hindrance to her, but the surrounding universe affected by the star vortex would interfere with her perception to a certain extent.

Under this circumstance, it would be difficult for her to find out if another Grand Heavenly Realm expert was deliberately hiding his whereabouts, approaching the star vortex from other directions, and entering the star vortex.

Of course, on the other hand, it was more difficult for others to notice Yan Zhaoge.

“I don’t know if Buddhist Bhantes, who have entered the star vortex, manage to turn this place into their territory. In that case, if someone enters from outside, they may notice it,” said Feng Yunsheng.

“That’s a possibility.” Yan Zhaoge muttered, “This place is likely to be part of the Central Blessed Lands of Saha in the past. After the central Blessed Lands of Saha changed, quite some Buddhist experts diverged their path and joined Western Pure Lands. So it is hard to say if we can use them to our advantage.”

The couple chatted while retreating slowly. They didn’t enter the star vortex at the first moment.

At this time, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor also rushed over.

Although Gao Han hadn’t yet arrived, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had already received the news, “Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan should have received the news, but we’re uncertain whether he has left Western Pure Lands.”

“Most likely yes.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the star vortex, “But the current situation is constantly changing. So I’m afraid that the situation may not turn out as we wish.”

“For new changes, we need to see what the Demon Race will do. So let me scout the circumstances first,” said Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor lightly.

Before he could finish, the star vortex in front of him began to vibrate violently.

The stars inside were fragmented and hazy. Small spots of light like hundreds of millions of twinkles suddenly condensed, forming a somewhat transparent light curtain.

Many ruins were revealed on that vast light curtain as if life had rejuvenated. The area within gradually showed its former appearance.

The Buddhist stupa was majestical. On the top of the central tower, a sarira emitted brilliance, illuminating the surrounding cosmos.

In the center, among many mini-towers of the stupa, there was a faintly visible golden light.

Yan Zhaoge and the group focused their gaze, feeling the intricate concept in the golden and heavy Buddha light. Finally, they all realized, “It’s Sakyamuni Sarira.”

Darkness spread out around Feng Yunsheng, devouring the cosmos, extinguishing the light, and hiding her presence.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was proficient in all kinds of thunder in the world. The Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder and the Eternal Night Thunder were utilized together to transform into a completely dark world.

Yan Zhaoge was also familiar with Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder and Eternal Night Thunder, but his cultivation realm hadn’t reached the Grand Heavenly Realm yet. To achieve the effect of Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, he needed to add in other arts.

The mysteries of Origin Heavenly Scripture and Taiyi Fist were manifested at this moment, which carried a hint of Immortal Exterminating Sword. The multiple Supreme Martial Arts weren’t in conflicts but merged into one, showing their intricacies.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flashed with green brilliance. His sight condensed slightly.

He looked at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor thoughtfully, his expression unchanged, and he was hidden in the dark too.

The three of them retreated and hid their traces as much as possible, making it difficult for them to be noticed against the sarira stupa gleaming with brilliance.

At the same time, the Demon Race who had entered the stupa previously were all revealed. They were exposed to the brilliance of the sarira atop the stupa.

The Great Demons, with their positions revealed, didn’t panic. Instead, they just roared together. The rebellion roars turned into substantial ripples, spreading in all directions. The sound ripples almost instantly swept down the surrounding Buddhist stupas like a typhoon.

Vajrapramardi Buddha and other Buddhism Bhante, also appeared, chanting Buddhism’s doctrine.

The golden light buried under the stupa began to surface.

Among the group of demons, there was a roaring cyan lion and a bellowing white cow breaking through the colored glaze layer and moving forward.

The former was Drake-Headed Immortal, and the latter was Great Sage who Pacifies Heaven, Bull Demon King.

The experience of serving Buddhism made them traverse faster in stupa than other Great Demons at this moment.

Vajrapramardi Buddha wasn’t startled. He raised his hand to throw a small flag.

The flag protected him and Sakyamuni Sarira together. A layer of white air hung in the air, with golden light emitted from within.

The flag blocked Drake-Headed Immortal and Bull Demon King. To counteract that, they said in unison, “Green Lotus Treasured Flag!”

Immediately after, the void vibrated. Five colors of red, white, blue, yellow, and black brilliance radiated, supporting a Buddha emitting colored glaze rays descending into the world.

It was Mahamayuri!

Mahamayuri glanced at Sakyamuni Sarira expressionlessly, and his gaze laid on the Vajrapramardi Buddha and Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

That attracted the attention of the Great Demon crowd, Yan Zhaoge, and the rest in the periphery.

Over there, it was Samantabhadra Bodhisattva’s figure who came along with Mahamayuri.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.