Chapter 1656: The Same Demeanor But A Different Person

Chapter 1656: The Same Demeanor But A Different Person

The person dressed in black; he stood upright like a sword.

To Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, it was a familiar figure.

His hair no longer stood up like it used to be. It was scattered and draped behind his shoulders, but it was still the familiar face.

The long-lost, Nie Jingshen.

He hadn’t been seen for 200 years, but his graceful demeanor remained the same. Unfortunately, he was no longer the same person.

Both Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng were silent.

Having to meet again, Nie Jingshen was no longer who he used to be. He had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm with a solid foundation. Obviously, it wasn’t a recent breakthrough.

He seemed plain, and his sword intent to destroy the world was deeply hidden. But, its ruthlessness didn’t dim compared to Prime Clear Lineage’s Numinous Treasure Four Swords.

Yan Xintang was a fantastic talent but perished and died young before Five Qis Unification.

But now, a supreme sword intent that could truly be comparable to the Numinous Treasure Four Swords was presented in front of everyone.

It was from this moment that Nie Jingshen had reached the Grand Heavenly Immortal realm, making his sword dao approaching perfection and full of brilliance.

Before its sharpness was revealed, it had put the onlookers in awe and fear.

However, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng were both full of sadness.

Nie Jingshen’s sword dao was built through his efforts and comprehension, but the improvement on the cultivation realm wasn’t entirely the case.

There was only one possibility for him to make rapid progress on the cultivation realm in such a short period, Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid.

Currently, the person who emerged in the world was no longer Nie Jingshen, a Daoism descendant. Unfortunately, it was the Devil of Aged Metal, Sword Devil Nie Jingshen — one of the Twelve Devilish Gods of Nine Underworlds.

Appearing from the gloom, Nie Jingshen’s expression was calm. His glimmering dark golden eyes scanned the surroundings. Finally, his gaze fixed on the Sakyamuni Sarira, which Vajrapramardi Buddha and the Green Lotus Treasured Flag guarded.

Behind him, other fierce Great Devils stepped out.

Among them, there were many characters Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor were familiar with. Back then, the Water Devil and Earth Devil stirred up turmoil. The Nine Underworlds powerhouses were dispatched to fight against orthodox Daoism.

Among the Great Devils, there were many Grand Heavenly Realm Devil Lords. Although they were inferior to the powerhouses such as Primordial Heart Devil and Shadow Devil, they were all renowned devils.

If it weren’t for the overall Nine Underworlds being suppressed, any occurrence of these Great Devils would be a catastrophe.

But now, they were all standing behind Nie Jingshen. Undoubtedly, Nie Jingshen was the leader of the group.

Nie Jingshen didn’t say much after he appeared but only slightly nodded to Great Demon such as Bull Demon King, Drake-Headed Immortal. Then, he waved his hand gently.

A Great Devil next to him left the group and confronted the Vajrapramardi Buddha and Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

This Grand Heavenly Realm Devil Lord had a peculiar appearance. It wasn’t human-like, with no eyes on his head, but had a huge mouth.

The Great Devil opened his mouth. Immediately, a dark wave gushed out of it. The attacks were like sea waves, rushing towards Vajrapramardi Buddha and the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

The seawater didn’t have a foul stench or any filth. Although it was pitch black as ink, it looked clear with no impurities.

Just being stained by the dark seawater, the golden light and white air emitted by the Green Lotus Treasured Flag suddenly dimmed and began to fade away!

It seemed like the treasured flag faced its natural weakness. Even Mahamayuri Five-Colored Divine Radiance, capable of withstanding the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, disintegrated quickly.

When the other Buddhist Bhante saw this, they quickly stepped forward, trying to stop him. However, other Great Devils were already on standby to interrupt and clash against them.

After being stained by the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag lost its protection function. As a result, Vajrapramardi Buddha and Sakyamuni Sarira were exposed to the Great Devil and the group of demons.

Vajrapramardi Buddha remained calm. He chanted Buddhism’s doctrine in response. The Golden Body sent out Buddha lights that filled the void.

In addition to his early preparations to face off the enemy, there were others who couldn’t allow the Nine Underworlds’ Great Devils to run rampant.

Mahamayuri, who had defeated the demon group, turned around and noticed the Nine Underworlds’ devil group. He couldn’t help but frown.

He directly abandoned the Bull Demon King, Drake-Headed Immortal, and other Great Demons and turned back quickly.

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag was defiled. Not only it couldn’t stop the Nine Underworlds devil group, but it also couldn’t stop Kong Xuan.

As the strongest player in the arena, the initiative had returned to Kong Xuan’s hands.

He didn’t even need to continue to abide by the deals and agreements with the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhas. He could just take Sakyamuni Sarira and leave.

“I didn’t expect Mahamayuri to be there before I came.” The Great Devil beside Nie Jingshen smiled strangely, “But fortunately, I have made extra preparations for this debut.”

While talking, the Great Devil raised his hand. Then, another flag appeared in his hand.

The flags swayed proudly. A strange fragrance enveloped every nook and corner, engulfing the ruined Buddhist stupa.

Mahamayuri sent his Five-Colored Divine Radiance, but he failed to break the sweet scent coming from the flag.

Except for the Nine Underworlds’ devil group, the Great Demons who allied with them were all surprised.

“Ivory Cloud Realm Flag?!” While staying hidden, Yan Zhaoge and the rest were surprised by what they saw, “This treasure actually fell into Nine Underworlds’ hands?”

The Ivory Cloud Realm Flag was also known as the Immortal Gathering Flag. Queen Mother of the West, also known as the Golden Mother of the Jade Pond, owned this treasure.

The Ivory Cloud Realm Flag had the same rank as the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, Green Lotus Treasured Flag, and Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag. All of them were renowned for being one of the best defensive treasures in the world. Even Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance could hardly break their defense.

Unfortunately, the Queen Mother of the West disappeared after the Great Calamity. Her residence, Jade Pound, was lost. There was no news of this treasure since then.

No one would have thought that this treasure would be in the hands of Nine Underworlds when it emerged in front of the public’s eyes again.

There was no news of it before. Everyone present was shocked at first sight.

“Why didn’t they use it previously?” Yan Zhaoge frowned, “If they only got it recently, they’re too secure in hiding the news.”

Feng Yunsheng looked at the treasure solemnly, “I have entered Nine Underworlds before, but I didn’t hear about the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag there.”

“Nine Underworlds are dormant most of the time and rarely make a move.” Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said slowly at this time, “In the past fights, the devils didn’t utilize it. I believe it’s because Incongruence Divine Mother is close to the Queen Mother of the West. She must have some methods to overcome this treasure.”

“That makes sense.” Yan Zhaoge took a deep breath, staring at the spreading scent.

Nine Underworlds could hardly compete with orthodox Daoism with this treasure because of Incongruence Divine Mother. But, it would be fine to use it against other enemies.

At this moment, Mahamayuri, who had always been calm and went through many years of cultivation, seemed to have been irritated.

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag hindered him previously. Now, Nine Underworlds overcame the Green Lotus Treasured Flag and took out the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag to stop him from acquiring the treasure.

Nie Jingshen looked indifferent and walked towards Vajrapramardi Buddha and Sakyamuni Sarira.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.