Chapter 1650: Sloth & Gluttony

Chapter 1650: Sloth & Gluttony

Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner was the tool to counter Mahamayuri.

However, it was only substantial on the defensive aspect. Mahamayuri still had the upper hand to lead the battle.

Despite that, this treasure was still of great significance to orthodox Daoism.

Fortunately, orthodox Daoism still had Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, Feng Yunsheng, and others even if Great Sage Equalling Heavens couldn’t offer help for now.

Over the years, bigwigs such as Yang Jian and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had put most of their efforts into finding this treasure.

Feng Yunsheng, North Star Emperor, and other Daoists also conducted frequent searches, but unfortunately, there were no gains.

“I’m in charge of the Immortal Extermination Formation and can’t divert my attention elsewhere. I can only entrust the Western Pure Lands matter to you.” Incongruence Divine Mother said, “If the Dao Ancestor Amitabha has any action, I will try to hinder it.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Got it. Please allow me to trouble you, Divine Mother. This matter is indeed our top priority.”

“By the way, when you try to intervene in Sakyamuni Sarira’s affairs, you should beware of the plans our opponents hide in the dark.” Incongruence Divine Mother gave a warm reminder.

“Got it, thanks Divine Mother for the kind reminder.” Yan Zhaoge arched his hand toward the fading green sword-light.

At the battle a hundred years ago, Yan Zhaoge and his fellow Daoists were fighting for the Immortal Extermination Formation. In the ordeal, orthodox Daoism had to create an illusion that they were still strong enough to intimidate the enemies. Even after obtaining the Six Souls Banner from Tushita Palace, he made the illusion that orthodox Daoism was still looking for it to cover up their secret plot. That hid their intention of seizing the immortal formations, lowering the enemies’ vigilance.

As a result, Cloudy Firmament Fairy activated the Six Souls Banner at the critical moment and hindered several Dao Ancestors for a while. That allowed Yan Zhaoge and others to retreat completely after acquiring the Immortal Extermination Formation.

The Immortal Extermination Formation finally fell under the control of orthodox Daoism and reverted the difficult situation since the Great Calamity.

Of course, when orthodox Daoism could carry out such an intricate plan, other forces would carry out their plans similarly. Most prominently, the Western Pure Lands had signs of this notion.

Exploring the opponent’s true intentions while concealing one’s true intentions was an essential aspect of the political games.

Because of Bhante Sanavasa, Yan Zhaoge related the matter with Bhante Ananda, Sakyamuni Sarira, and Mahamayuri.

But it was still possible that this was Western Pure Lands’ facade to mislead Yan Zhaoge and the orthodox Daoism, and even possibly Demon Race and Nine Underworlds.

Under the disguise, the true plot of orthodox Buddhism could be on another matter.

Yan Zhaoge even wondered whether this was a trap set by Western Pure Lands, waiting for people to bite the bait.

“Should I find a way to reveal the news to Mahamayuri?” Yan Zhaoge thought in his heart.

Having this piece of news revealed to Mahamayuri would be convenient for verifying the authenticity of the matter. On the other end, it could bring some hurdles to Western Pure Lands.

However, this action didn’t go without harm.

When those in the Dao Realm didn’t emerge, Mahamayuri’s strength was at the strongest among all beyond doubt. If there was Sakyamuni Sarira, it was likely that the sarira would eventually fall into his hands.

With more Sakyamuni Sarira in Mahamayuri’s possessions, he got closer and closer to the Dao Realm.

Yan Zhaoge was still uncertain about the specific conditions for Mahamayuri to ascend into Dao Realm. But, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and orthodox Daoism certainly wouldn’t be happy to have another strong competitor emerge.

As Yan Zhaoge thought deeper about it, his sleeve moved on its own.

In the cuffs, a little head with dark circles under his eyes poked out his head.

“Did you get enough sleep?” Yan Zhaoge asked casually.

The one lying in his sleeve was naturally Pan Pan. The little guy previously manifested the Golden Body of the Great Sage, operated Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, and fell asleep as usual after reverting to his original form.

However, just as Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone and Xu Fei were deeply influenced by the Golden Body of the Great Sage, Pan Pan had also been affected over the years.

At present, it would not be an exaggeration to say that she had become a Great Demon at Grand Virtual level.

After manifesting the Golden Body of the Great Sage, she slept soundly. In the past, she needed to cultivate diligently because of the hefty consumption. But now, it wasn’t much of a strict necessity anymore. So she reverted to her old habits due to her nature of being lazy and being fond of sleeping.

“I have enough sleep.” Pan Pan answered in a low volume and immediately complained, “But, I’m hungry!”

Yan Zhaoge took her out of his cuffs, held her in his palm, and placed her in front of him. He stared at her in annoyance, “Is your Dao sloth and gluttony? If you continue to be lazy and gluttonous, you’re going to get fat.”

Pan Pan blinked her eyes and raised her front paws to cover her face, “I don’t want to be fat. I won’t be pretty if I’m fat!”

Yan Zhaoge nodded in satisfaction, “Yup, you have to remember that.”

“But, I’m still hungry.” Pan Pan asked pitifully, “Can you eat delicious food without gaining weight?”

“Keep dreaming.” Yan Zhaoge was annoyed and amused at the same time, “How can you get everything you want as you please?”

“Stop teasing her.” A voice sounded from the side. A silhouette gradually emerged in the dark void, silently and without warning.

After the outline grew clear, Feng Yunsheng’s figure emerged.

“Don’t spoil her too much.” Yan Zhaoge grinned.

When Pan Pan saw Feng Yunsheng, she immediately reached out her two front paws and hugged Feng Yunsheng. Then, with her two hind legs supported on Yan Zhaoge’s palm, she flew towards Feng Yunsheng.

Feng Yunsheng smiled and caught Pan Pan. She then looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Don’t you think Pixiu is cuter when she is fatter and chubby?”

Of course, Yan Zhaoge felt the same way. He was joking with Pan Pan. At this moment, when Feng Yunsheng said this, he smiled and said, “You’re going to spoil her.”

“How come?” Feng Yunsheng took out a small pocket while holding Pan Pan.

Seeing the small pocket, Pan Pan cheered suddenly. She threw herself over and stuck her head directly into the pocket.

Feng Yunsheng caressed Pan Pan’s black and white fur and turned to look at Yan Zhaoge, “I have heard from Han Long’er about the general situation. How is it going now?”

“It may be related to Sakyamuni Sarira.” Yan Zhaoge replied, “However, further confirmation is needed.”

“What are you going to do?” Feng Yunsheng asked.

Yan Zhaoge stroked his chin, “I’m more inclined toward revealing this piece of news to Mahamayuri. Judging from how he reacts, we can wait and see Western Pure Lands’ response.”

“We don’t have a channel to contact Mahamayuri directly,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Mahamayuri lived in Western Pure Lands and hardly interacted with the outside world.

He certainly had the freedom of passage. But in a sense, this situation resulted from a compromise with Western Pure Lands or perhaps a tacit agreement with Amitabha Buddha.

“Although I’m not sure, there are indications that Mahamayuri already has at least two Sakyamuni Sariras on hand.” Yan Zhaoge said in a deep voice, “For the sake of more Sakyamuni Sariras, he should gradually keep a lower profile.”

“Not to mention others, his brother Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles must have a way to contact him. However, we can’t just approach Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles directly.”

Yan Zhaoge snapped his fingers, “But I think we might be able to find a way to go around it through other people.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.