Chapter 1653: Homeland Of Buddhism

Chapter 1653: Homeland Of Buddhism

Before Vajrapramardi Buddha left, he looked at Archaic Dipankara Buddha. After a short pause, he said, “Beware of Mahamayuri.”

“Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan has more and more sarira in his hands. He is becoming more and more unsettled.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said, “If he has the intention, our actions may not escape from his eyes. We can only do our best.”

The Archaic Buddha looked calm, “My brethren, please be careful. If Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan participates, then go with the second plan.”

“I understand.” Vajrapramardi Buddha nodded and left the Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s Land of Buddhism with the other Buddhist Bhante, manifesting the green lotuses.

On the other side of Buddhism, Mahamayuri with Five-Colored Divine Radiance was expressionless as if nothing concerned him.

But his gaze seemed to be looking at Vajrapramardi Buddha, and other Buddhism Bhante’s green lotuses’ fleeting silhouette.

“The news seems to be true…” Although Mahamayuri still didn’t move, he muttered softly with deep thoughts. Then, he fixed his gaze on the fleeting figures for a long time.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, who were stealthily spectating at a distance, also paid attention to the Western Pure Lands’ movement at this moment. A couple of green lotuses flew out again.

“Sure enough, something is wrong.” Feng Yunsheng said in reaffirmation.

Yan Zhaoge nodded his head, “They might have other matters they’re attending to. It is still difficult to draw a conclusion.”

“According to Gao Han, Mahamayuri should have been notified, but Mahamayuri still hasn’t taken action yet.” Feng Yunsheng stared at Western Pure Lands.

Yan Zhaoge said, “He’s quite patient. I’m afraid he’s waiting for us to inform him further where exactly the treasure is.”

“If we take too many actions, it is inevitable that Western Pure Lands will discover us.” Feng Yunsheng looked at Vajrapramardi Buddha and Buddhism Bhante, who were gradually disappearing, “Are we going to divide forces? It’s difficult to predict whether the opponent will organize the third batch.”

“They may do so, but the possibility is relatively low.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Samantabhadra Bodhisattva has returned for a while. Yet, Western Pure Lands still took so long before taking action. It shows that they’re looking for the Sakyamuni Sarira too. It isn’t easy for them, and it takes up a lot of manpower. Hence, it is likely that they need someone to maintain the secret ritual. Also, they have to monitor Mahamayuri as well. It won’t be easy, and it will be energy-consuming.”

Yan Zhaoge glanced at Western Pure Lands and said, “Let’s follow along and inform Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han.”

The couple went on together, following the green lotuses far away.

Both of them were proficient at hiding their trace, but they still didn’t dare to follow too closely to minimize the possibility of being discovered.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han received the news from Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, but they didn’t relax immediately. Instead, they continued to monitor Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, and the first batch of Buddhist Bhante left Western Pure Lands lest the other party had another layer of the facade.

They would group up and direct their efforts at the side where they had definitive clues.

After following for a while, Feng Yunsheng frowned slightly, “It seems something is wrong.”

“Yup, it seems to be the presence of the Demon Race.” Yan Zhaoge located the problem.

Aside from proficiency in stealth, the couple had outstanding perceptions.

“Mahamayuri won’t inform Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles on this matter, right?” Feng Yunsheng asked, “Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han also have no reason to do so.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his chin, “Bhante Ananda perished because of Maitreya Buddha. Western Pure Lands and Bhante Sanavasa are carrying out their plans. That may have alerted the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.”

“It’s even possible that the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus acquired some gain first before Western Pure Lands made new progress.”

After some speculation, Yan Zhaoge laughed, “At this point, everyone is paying attention to each other. It is getting harder and harder to act in secret. The gains often have come along with competition.”

“This seems to prove that the second batch of Western Pure Lands people we followed here is the correct target,” commented Feng Yunsheng.

“

En

, yes, we can inform Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor side about this.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

When the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han received the news from Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, they gave up the targets they had been following and came to join them.

At the same time, Gao Han also managed to contact Mahamayuri secretly again.

In Western Pure Lands at Mahamayuri’s Land of Buddhism, the colored glaze shone brightly. Five-Colored Divine Radiance was flowing incessantly. He sat on the green lotus and finally began to act.

The green lotus flew up, supported Mahamayuri, and left Western Pure Lands.

He didn’t hide his action at all.

No one stopped him.

Only Samantabhadra Bodhisattva appeared again.

“Is my fellow brethren trying to stop me?” Mahamayuri asked lightly.

“Not so. I’m on the same path with Mahamayuri.” Samantabhadra Bodhisattva replied after shaking his head.

Mahamayuri didn’t mind but just nodded, “Okay.”

The two Buddhas went away.

In Western Pure Lands, Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked at the back of their departure. His expression was usual, and he didn’t comment on anything.

“We still alert Mahamayuri in the end.” Beside Archaic Buddha, Bhante Baixiong sighed.

“It’s fine. There are gains and losses.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said, “Gains often come with danger. This is also a price that we have to bear. Fortunately, we can take advantage of the new situation and utilize it for our benefits.”

Bhante Baixiong said, “Your disciple shall go and contact Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.”

“Go.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha closed his eyes.

When Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng waited for their comrades to rendezvous, the blossoming lotus in front of them gradually slowed down.

Everyone was now gradually approaching a hidden star vortex.

After being illuminated by the brilliance of the Buddhist Bhante, the initially hidden star vortex was revealed.

The stardust turned into an endless streamer, dispersed in all directions.

From the center, a land of ruins gradually emerged.

The barren but heavy land had quietly suspended in the dark void at this moment.

A layer of ice had formed on the soil surface. It looked like a piece of desolate land.

Vajrapramardi Buddha and a group of Buddhism Bhante looked at the soil with different expressions.

Some of the latecomers had nothing more than curiosity and yearning. Vajrapramardi Buddha and other veteran Buddhist bigwigs had complicated eyes set upon the land.

“Teacher, is this ruin where Bhante Ananda lived in the past?” Someone asked aloud beside Vajrapramardi Buddha.

“Yes and no.” Vajrapramardi Buddha said slowly, “This was once a part of the central Blessed Lands of Saha. At the beginning of the ancient era, the catastrophe of Buddhism caused this.”

All the people present in Buddhism were silent for a while.

“Unexpectedly, this place has been preserved to this day despite its dire state.” Vajrapramardi Buddha shook his head. Then, his expression returned to normal, and he stepped into the ruins first.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.