Chapter 1655: A Familiar Figure

Chapter 1655: A Familiar Figure

Yan Zhaoge and others were naturally happy to see Mahamayuri appearing as expected.

But seeing that Samantabhadra Bodhisattva came here along with Mahamayuri indicated that the situation wasn’t so optimistic.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva mostly stood on the Western Pure Lands’ position and wouldn’t help Mahamayuri out of personal friendship.

Then the two people came together. The biggest possibility was that after Mahamayuri knew the news, Western Pure Lands didn’t want to pursue Sakyamuni Sarira anymore but reached a compromise or a deal with Mahamayuri.

Both of them were on the same side now!

“Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Vajrapramardi Buddha, they are decisive.” Yan Zhaoge sighed.

Looking at the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, Yan Zhaoge could even guess the deal behind it.

Western Pure Lands gave this Sakyamuni Sarira to Mahamayuri in exchange for Mahamayuri to help them keep out the demon race powerhouse who came to trouble this time, and even Yan Zhaoge and others who might show up here.

Whoever dared to show up would face Mahamayuri and Western Pure Lands’ joint attack.

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag was Western Pure Lands’ confidence to reach this deal.

With this flag, Vajrapramardi Buddha guarded Sakyamuni Sarira while Mahamayuri had to hold the end of the bargain.

However, Mahamayuri was strong and might trap Vajrapramardi Buddha and others together with the sarira here.

At that time, apart from Amitabha’s intervention, the Buddhist Bhante would have no other choice. After all, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag could only be utilized for defense.

Neither of the two sides could do anything to each other, so they could only stay in a stalemate. Surely enough, neither Western Pure Lands nor Mahamayuri was happy to see this outcome.

So each took a step back and reached a temporary deal. Everyone got what they needed.

Mahamayuri got the Sakyamuni Sarira, and Western Pure Lands took the opportunity to eliminate the demon race and orthodox Daoism’s powerhouses and weaken the opponent.

Yan Zhaoge and others had hidden their whereabouts and didn’t show up at the first moment. On the other hand, a group of Great Demons suffered damage and faced attacks from Mahamayuri, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, and Vajrapramardi Buddha.

Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor looked at each other. They had indirectly laid a trap on the demon race in the current situation.

Regardless of whether it was the demon race or Western Pure Lands, they didn’t plan to have Mahamayuri participate.

Since Yan Zhaoge and Gao Han lure Mahamayuri in, Western Pure Lands made a call decisively. Admittedly, the result wasn’t ideal, but it was still acceptable.

On the orthodox Daoism side, Yan Zhaoge and others didn’t show up. They continued to observe, looking for a room to emerge as the final fictor.

Only demon race, the original plan was to compete with Buddhism Bhante such as Vajrapramardi Buddha. So, they slammed into Kong Xuan’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

At this moment, Great Demons such as Drake-Headed Immortal and Bull Demon King looked at Vajrapramardi Buddha and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, full of resentment and confusion.

They found it unfathomable. Everyone was looking for Sakyamuni Sarira in private to drive Mahamayuri away. So why did these bald guys think about recruiting Mahamayuri?

Resentment and perplexity were painted clearly on their faces. On the other hand, Mahamayuri approached calmly.

“Let’s leave. Otherwise, we can’t get away alive.” Bull Demon King shook his head and said.

Drake-Headed Immortal and the others also backed away.

However, Mahamayuri’s deal with Western Pure Lands this time wasn’t just about retaliating against the enemy or defending, but also taking down all the Great Demon here.

So even if the group of demons intended to retreat, Mahamayuri still advanced.

Of course, from the corner of his eye, he was staring at the Vajrapramardi Buddha and the Sakyamuni Sarira.

Although the credit and integrity of Vajrapramardi Buddha and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva were far better than those of Archaic Dipankara Buddha, some necessary precautions were still needed.

Fortunately, Vajrapramardi Buddha’s ethics were better. He waited quietly and didn’t move, having no intention to take the opportunity and renege on the deal.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and other Buddhist Bhante stepped forward together to assist Mahamayuri in hindering the Bull Demon King, Drake-Headed Immortal, and other Great Demon behind.

The group of demons was frightened and angry, but they couldn’t stop the majesty of Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance. As a result, they could only try their best to escape.

“There aren’t many demons coming here this time. As soon as Mahamayuri joins the battle, their side is completely overwhelmed.” Yan Zhaoge transmitted his voice to Feng Yunsheng and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

“Even if the demon race didn’t anticipate Mahamayuri would be coming, shouldn’t they plan something against the Green Lotus Treasured Flag?” Feng Yunsheng frowned, “Even without Mahamayuri, if they failed to overcome the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, how can they compete with Western Pure Lands for Sakyamuni Sarira?”

If the Green Lotus Treasured Flag couldn’t be overcome, the situation would be in a deadlock.

Yan Zhaoge and others dared to come over because Feng Yunsheng’s Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation had made progress in the past century.

Although they weren’t sure it would be enough to break the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, there was a chance that garnered them to give it a try.

In the Great Demon present, the elites were gathered. However, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t tell who could be capable enough to break the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

“There are infinite daos; each has its strength and weakness.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said slowly at this time, “The Green Lotus Treasured Flag, or the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, isn’t completely unbreakable and foolproof.”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flashed, “You mean… Nine Underworlds?”

As soon as Yan Zhaoge said this, the void in the distance suddenly cracked.

From the gap, billowing darkness overflowed, and the void had permeated.

The already pitch-black void was stained by this gloom, utterly devoid of luster. It even gave rise to a greasy feeling of no regrets.

A black mist emerged from the gloom, expanded continuously, and engulfed the surrounding void. Blood-dyed lightning could be seen bolting in the black mist.

It was a clear sign that Nine Underworlds’ Great Devil descended here.

If the top bigwigs of Buddha and demon weren’t gathered here, just the arrival of these Great Devils would be enough to turn the nearby universe into a devil domain.

“The seawater in the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea can pollute and restrain the four treasure flags, namely the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, and Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag,” commented Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor slowly.

The demon race didn’t come unprepared this time.

Although Nine Underworlds was a public enemy, this still didn’t deter some factions from making deals with it on certain occasions.

This time, the demon race contacted Nine Underworlds and borrowed the Abyss of Devilish Sea to overcome the Green Lotus Treasured Flag of Western Pure Lands.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s attention at the moment was no longer on the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, not on Sakyamuni Sarira, nor even Mahamayuri.

At this moment, their sights were all focused on the figure that appeared first in the boundless darkness.

There was no devilish qi from this figure like other Great Devil, but a plain vibe.

Similarly, unlike other Great Devil’s eyes flashing with blood, his eyes had a trembling dark golden luster.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.