Chapter 1662: Clues To Soul Dissevering Jade

Chapter 1662: Clues To Soul Dissevering Jade

Although Suo Mingzhang established Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens as dao arena, he didn’t seek inheritors nor recruited apprentices, unlike the North Star Emperor, Cloudy Firmament Fairy, Incongruence Divine Mother. They weren’t signs of the proliferation of mortals.

There was only one established world in this universe aside from the tiny twinkling stars.

In this world, the mountains and rivers were flowing with no shortage of vegetation and flowers, but there were no people.

In a valley, the towering Canghua Heavenly Tree stood tall with blue branches and leaves stretched out. The white flowers fluttered even without wind, summoning illusory melodious wind chimes.

Under the tree, a man with short hair was sitting there.

He straightened one leg forward, and the other bent and tucked away in front of him.

His arms rested idly on his bent knees.

The man leaned back against the trunk of the Canghua Heavenly Tree, apparently in a deep meditative state. He seemed to be the center of the world, or more like the center of the entire Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens.

His gaze was directed towards Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the scenery before him as if returning to the first time he saw Suo Mingzhang.

The only difference at this moment was that the Canghua Heavenly Tree was by his side.

Here, there was only one person and one tree living. Even Mars Halberd lived in the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, so he wouldn’t want to disturb Suo Mingzhang.

“Zhaoge and Yun Sheng, you came.” Suo Mingzhang stood up slowly, smiling.

“Senior Suo, I have something to bother you.” Yan Zhaoge arched his hand at Suo Mingzhang and took out the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

Suo Mingzhang accepted the flag. Then, after a glance, he summoned a flame in his palm without a pause.

Bright flames leaped on the flag. The flag itself was unharmed, but black stains slowly appeared on its surface.

The firelight collided with the black stain and even caused the flag to sway slightly.

However, under Suo Mingzhang’s suppression, the vile forces were suppressed. The flag only seemed to flutter gently.

The brilliant fire slowly cleansed the black stains away.

Although the cleansing didn’t happen too fast, its progress seemed irreversible. No matter how hard the black stains resisted, they could only retreat steadily.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng were exhilarated with this scene.

Suo Mingzhang wasn’t the only person capable of getting rid of the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea pollution. Still, he would have the easiest time doing so among these powerhouses in orthodox Daoism.

By handing the Green Lotus Treasured Flag to Suo Mingzhang, Yan Zhaoge became worry-free. Instead, he watched Suo Mingzhang carrying out the cleansing while talking about what had happened.

Although Suo Mingzhang lived in isolation, his strength and status were prominent compared to other bigwigs even outside of orthodox Daoism.

Every once in a while, other people in the Daoism faction would update recent news to him.

Since Yan Zhaoge visited Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens today, he took the opportunity to chat with Suo Mingzhang.

“Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity are still alive. What a great news.” Suo Mingzhang looked admiringly, “The prestige of Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity has always been thunderous.”

He had incorporated martial art practice as the main element of his life and not the type to cultivate and research in the library. He was also notable in his rich battle experience, being one of the best as early as the New Nine Luminaries of the Kunlun period.

To some extent, he was also battle-hungry.

Suo Mingzhang was now a lot more restrained and mature because of Shao Junhuang, but he still felt the joy of meeting a well-known opponent.

However, after hearing about Nie Jingshen, Suo Mingzhang also fell silent.

He wasn’t familiar with Nie Jingshen compared to Yan Zhaoge, but he had always appreciated Jingshen’s talent.

Suo Mingzhang also regretted what happened back then.

After a long while, he said softly, “What a pity.”

“We can only leave Brother Nie’s matter to later.” Yan Zhaoge was calm at the moment, “Let’s keep our eyes on our present matters first.”

He let out a sigh of relief, “Senior apprentice-sister Yu has gradually recovered from her injury, but she hasn’t yet woken up. It is because of our conservative approach that we want her to be free from long-lasting internal injuries before waking her up.”

“As of now, the last treasure remaining treasure for our success will be the Soul Dissevering Jade.”

Earlier, while Ying Longtu and others were traveling, they also searched for the final treasure to their success.

In the end, they didn’t discover the Soul Dissevering Jade but accidentally crashed into the Great Desolate Origin Schloss, meeting Taiyi Cultivated Deity, Ne Zha, and the matters that followed up later.

“However, this time, I finally got some solid clues. It’s a pleasant surprise,” said Yan Zhaoge.

“

Oh?

” Feng Yunsheng and Suo Mingzhang looked at him.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “When the demon race sought for Sakyamuni Sarira, a Great Sage demon emerged in my surprise. There has been no news of him before because he has supposedly perished long ago during the Great Calamity that year. I didn’t expect him to be still alive. I think he should be hiding in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea previously, but now he emerged in the public’s eyes again.”

“So, you have the North Ocean Clone to shadow him previously.” Feng Yunsheng came into realization all of a sudden.

The North Ocean Clone didn’t return to Daoism’s universe with the two of them and disappeared after the previous battle for Sakyamuni Sarira and Green Lotus Treasured Flag ended.

Although Feng Yunsheng was aware of it, she thought that Yan Zhaoge had his plan, so she didn’t pry deeper.

At this moment, when she heard Yan Zhaoge mention it, she immediately thought of the North Ocean Clone.

“Yes, but I’m not so sure yet. It seems the Wood Wolf [1] is going along with other demon races’ Great Sages. It’s not easy to get in touch at the moment, but I will try to find opportunities.” Yan Zhaoge replied, “Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Immortal Court is in full swing. Although the demon race and Western Pure Lands haven’t fought, they won’t sit idle. Since the Wood Wolf emerges, they must have some plan.”

“Kui Mulang, the Wood Wolf.” Suo Mingzhang and Feng Yunsheng nodded.

They also heard the name Kui Mulang. He was initially a side lineage of the Qing Dynasty. Unfortunately, he suffered his demise and later enlisted in the Investiture of the Gods. He then entered the ranks of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and became one of the twenty-eight Star Lords.

He was pretty skilled, and he was one of the Heavenly Monarchs in Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

Back then, the war between the demon race and Buddhism was the central theme of the Middle Era, but behind the war, the orthodox Daoism and Nine Underworlds also had their plans. As a result, it was a much chaotic period.

In the Middle Era, Kui Mulang used the alias of the Yellow Robe Monster and set up a formation with other demon race bigwigs to hinder the eastward development of West Buddha.

He and the other three of the four Jupiter Star Lords also help Traveling Monk Sun, Tang Sanzang, and the rest to deal with other demons.

The matter involved multiple factions, with the truth obscured even to the direct parties involved.

Most of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace bigwigs perished during the Great Calamity. There was no news about Kui Mulang. Later, people thought he also perished along. Unexpectedly, he cast himself into Astro Mountains Starry Sea, and he had not reappeared until now.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.