Chapter 1669: Illuminate

Chapter 1669: Illuminate

Kui Mulang looked at Dingguang Joyous Buddha in doubt.

As a matter of fact, he was acquainted with the Dingguang Joyous Buddha, previously known as the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal.

Kui Mulang wouldn’t mind if it were the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal during the ancient eras offering the help.

But, Kui Mulang felt the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal’s martial art path after overcoming the Immortal Door was dubious during the Middle era.

Although Dingguang Immortal was in Buddhism and he was in Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, he learned about the art that Dingguang Joyous Buddha cultivated.

With Bai Huaxiu involved, Kui Mulang was quite displeased when he saw Dingguang Joyous Buddha performing the illumination.

He looked at the Dingguang Joyous Buddha and then at the Drake-Headed Immortal. Facing this situation, he couldn’t help but suspect that the Astro Mountains Starry Sea and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had joined forces to trouble him.

“Fellow friend, don’t worry too much. Dingguang Joyous Buddha is reliable.” Drake-Headed Immortal put on a solemn expression and nodded to Kui Mulang.

In all fairness, Drake-Headed Immortal felt the Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s involvement in this matter was a pain in the ass. In some aspects, the Buddha’s reputation was terrible, so it couldn’t be helped that Kui Mulang was displeased with it.

To put it bluntly, having Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s participation seemed provocative and humiliating as if deliberately making things difficult for Kui Mulang.

Also, Drake-Headed Immortal shared the same identity with Kui Mulang as the Great Demon of the Astro Mountains Starry Sea. Sure enough, the comradeship made him somewhat dissatisfied with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus as soon as Dingguang Joyous Buddha showed up.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha appeared peaceful. In fact, Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had no ill intentions.

It was simply because Dingguang Joyous Buddha had the time to spare, so he came here.

In the confrontation with Immortal Court, although the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had the upper hand, the opponent still retained their strength to retaliate.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus couldn’t send the Bhante currency fighting against the Immortal Court to back away and render them in a vulnerable position.

In the end, Dingguang Joyous Buddha just so happened to be unoccupied and was delegated here to help.

Drake-Headed Immortal thought about it deeply. Although Dingguang Joyous Buddha cultivated a unique art, he should take this matter seriously rather than deliberately provoking Kui Mulang.

Seriously, the two Great Demons had more than enough reasons to trouble Dingguang Joyous Buddha instead.

Kui Mulang achieved the demon races’ Great Sage physique. Thus, his strength was far superior to Dingguang Joyous Buddha, who had attained Buddhahood via heretical manners.

The overall strength of Astro Mountains Starry Sea was much more solid than that of Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

With how the overall situation was, even if Dingguang Joyous Buddha had ill intentions, he had to dispel it.

So, Drake-Headed Immortal still took the initiative to mediate the situation.

What he meant in his words was to hint Kui Mulang that Dingguang Joyous Buddha was a wise man and wouldn’t mess around in this serious matter.

Just as Drake-Headed Immortal and Kui Mulang knew about Dingguang Joyous Buddha, Dingguang Joyous Buddha was familiar with the two Great Demons’ temper.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha also heard about Kui Mulang and Bai Huaxiu’s past and knew how much Kui Mulang valued Bai Huaxiu.

“After illuminating this female benefactor, fellow Daoist can take her back to the Astro Mountains Starry Sea.” Dingguang Joyous Buddha said with a smile, “I believe that Maitreya Buddha will have no objection.”

Heretic martial art practitioners were tied entirely to their faith, either Immeasurable Heavenly Lord or Future Buddha.

When Immortal Court and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus go to war, heretic martial art practitioners might join the war depending on the situation.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s intention in this matter was undoubtedly that even if Bai Huaxiu joined the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, she had the choice to abstain from the war between them and the Immortal Court.

Of course, this wasn’t because of Bai Huaxiu’s merit or anything else, but purely because Blessed Lands of the White Lotus wanted to give a favor to Kui Mulang and the demon races.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s words were considered a declaration. In this situation, if he did as he would and did not treat Kui Mulang respectfully, it would become a provocation.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha understood the seriousness of this matter clearly.

Hearing this, Kui Mulang’s face relaxed as he nodded silently.

He opened his palm, and a ball of light appeared. The world within was independent, and the blue-clothed woman resided in it.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha took the ball of light and sat on his knees. The Buddha light all over his body grew more dazzling.

The Buddha light was summoned in his hands and enveloped Bai Huaxiu.

As if aware of the ominous sign, the treasured light imbued with faith power belonging to the Immortal Court within Bai Huaxiu also began to flicker more intensely and frequently, resisting the Buddha light invading it.

However, compared to a Grand Heavenly Realm Buddha, Bai Huaxiu at the Leakless True Immortal Realm had insufficient cultivation to resist. As a result, the Buddha Light light suppressed her immediately, with the Immortal Court’s treasured light unable to fight back.

Under Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s Buddha light, the treasured light imbued with faith power in Bai Huaxiu began to retreat.

The light didn’t disappear but gradually changed its appearance.

The Immortal Court’s hymn gradually faded, but the chanting of Buddhist doctrines slowly emerged.

The woman in blue resisted it and kept chanting the name of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, but her eyes gradually became blank.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha was solemn as he chanted Buddhism’s doctrine, “Namo Maitreya Buddha.”

The name of Maitreya Buddha gradually overwhelmed the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord within the woman’s heart.

Kui Mulang and Drake-Headed Immortal stood aside, watching Dingguang Joyous Buddha surrounded by circles of Buddha lights in silence.

In the distance, Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone converged his aura and looked at the dazzling Buddha light from a distance.

Even when the distance was too far, Yan Zhaoge didn’t dare to act rashly, so he couldn’t get a clear view of the situation. After all, it was of top priority not to draw the two demon races’ Great Sages’ attention.

When he saw the Buddha light of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, he already had a clear sense of what had happened.

“They looked for a Buddha from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and tried to forcibly illuminate Bai Huaxiu, switching her faction to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and her faith to the Buddhism heretics?” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin.

While thinking about it, Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone moved slightly and looked in the other direction.

The void in the distance suddenly opened up, and a blossoming green lotus approached.

In addition to the green lotus, there was also a flickering streamer.

“Western Pure Lands, and the people from Immortal Court…” Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows slightly and turned to look at Kui Mulang and the others.

The treasured light imbued with faith power on Bai Huaxiu’s body hadn’t yet been cleansed. It still managed to guide the Immortal Court powerhouses toward this location.

The sudden invaders annoyed Kui Mulang.

However, Dingguang Joyous Buddha was at the critical moment of illuminating Bai Huaxiu and was occupied for a while. So Kui Mulang had to go forward to confront the enemy, preventing the Western Pure Lands and Immortal Court from approaching.

Drake-Headed Immortal also looked dissatisfied but still went forward with Kui Mulang.

Of course, they didn’t forget to summon the nearby Great Demons’ brethren to fight together.

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone approached quietly, but he didn’t intend to fight with the Western Pure Lands’ Buddha. Instead, he wondered if he could take advantage of the opportunity to gain something from Bai Huaxiu.

Looking at the Buddha light, Yan Zhaoge had a plan in his heart, but he suddenly found out that something went wrong.

Those Buddha lights seemed unstable at this moment.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.