Chapter 1661: Nightlife

Chapter 1661: Nightlife

“Yes, hope and faith.” Feng Yunsheng echoed Yan Zhaoge’s words softly.

Yan Zhaoge became more spirited, “Yup, let’s make sure we do our best first before being distracted by other matters.”

With that, he waved a cyan flag embroidered with lotus.

That was the defensive treasure that was initially belonged to Western Pure Lands, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag. Its defensive capability fell in the same rank as the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, and Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag, capable of shielding against the Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

As the old folks had said, everything had its nemesis. Unfortunately, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag encountered its nemesis today and suffered a lot.

The flag’s appearance seemed just fine, but the contamination coming from the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea stripped away its magical properties. As a result, it looked just like an ordinary flag at the moment.

“Isn’t Amitabha the original owner of this treasure? So Vajrapramardi Buddha should be temporarily borrowing it.” Feng Yunsheng asked on the side, “Although the sea of Nine Underworlds polluted it, if Amitabha ancestor wants to take it back, it’s still a piece of cake for him, right?”

How does a treasure belonging to someone at the caliber of Dao Realm easy to snatch?

“That is accurate in the past.” Yan Zhaoge explained, “But I heard from Brother Yang Jian that the Amitabha gave the Green Lotus Treasured Flag to Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva rather than temporarily lending it out.”

“Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva has refined this Buddha treasure and becomes the true owner of this treasure.”

Feng Yunsheng suddenly came into realization, “

Oh

, so that’s the case.”

In the battle for the Immortal Extermination Formation, it was more so Archaic Dipankara Buddha had borrowed the Green Lotus Treasured Flag from Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva than other situations.

For this round of battle, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva secretly left the flag to Vajrapramardi Buddha. Then, he left Western Pure Lands in the first batch as a distraction, but just that his plan had failed.

As a result, the Nine Underworlds had an opening to pollute the Green Lotus Treasured Flag with their Devilish Sea. Unfortunately, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was too late to retrieve it, and the flag eventually fell into the hands of Yan Zhaoge’s group.

Unfortunately, he wasn’t as capable as Amitabha at Dao Realm to take back his treasure.

However, Yan Zhaoge was now bothered with the problem of purifying the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

Otherwise, the treasure he snatched would be a complete waste and useless.

“I guess Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva is the best candidate capable of purifying the flag.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “The blessing rain is notable for its amazing properties to clean any filth.”

In the previous match, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s words weren’t baseless, with the only goal to ridicule Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. There was some truth in it.

Of course, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva wouldn’t agree to the request.

“Yes, everything has its nemesis. The seawater of Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea pollutes the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, but Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’s blessing rain can clean the contamination.” Feng Yunsheng added, “Unfortunately, we should consider other options.”

It was too arrogant to rob others’ treasure and asked the victim to clean it up.

Thinking of this, Feng Yunsheng squinted at Yan Zhaoge.

She deeply felt that Yan Zhaoge’s lack of integrity might persuade him to do similar things again if he was confident in the success rate.

As soon as Yan Zhaoge met her eyes, he immediately knew what Feng Yunsheng was thinking about. He couldn’t help but show a hurt expression, “You’re thinking too far.”

Feng Yunsheng faced away, “Didn’t it cross your mind already?”

“You have a deep misunderstanding of me.” Yan Zhaoge said solemnly, “I think we should be frank, open, and honest as we communicate to each other. You know, communicating at a “deeper” level.”

Feng Yunsheng squinted at him, “

Haha

, really? Come at me.”

“Don’t worry. After I condense the splendor of Qi, you will be in my grasp. You don’t have to wait for me attaining Grand Heavenly Realm.” Yan Zhaoge chuckled.

“Your way of motivating yourself is unique. If the others heard your words, your image would be tarnished.” Feng Yunsheng rolled her eyes and laughed along.

“They don’t have the chance to witness me like this.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “As for you, young lady, a new hatchling like you will soon understand why action speaks louder than words.”

He deliberately emphasized the

hatchling

part.

Feng Yunsheng’s expression remained unchanged and said calmly, “I haven’t used it before, but how long ago has it been since our last time? I think I forgot how to use it.”

“Isn’t it because of you?” As she mentioned it, Yan Zhaoge put up a regretful expression, “If I had known what will happen now, I would have done it onto you early!”

“Thanks to my cute husband being tender to me,” said Feng Yunsheng with a smile.

“Sooner or later, I will get you back.” Yan Zhaoge said bitterly and jokingly, “

Ah

, that reminds me. I think we can soon realize the prophecy of our name combined.”

Feng Yunsheng was startled, “What’s that?”

“

Hehe

…” Yan Zhaoge squinted at her and smiled, “Studying music through the night!”

[TN: It essentially means Netflix & chill. It’s more of a saying in old Chinese pieces of literature. It just so happen that the phonic of their names contain ‘ge'(music) and ‘sheng’ (bamboo pipe music instrument).]

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge speechlessly, “I kind of want to change back to the original name.”

While the couple bantered with each other, they didn’t forget their main business.

The two took Pan Pan and the tainted Green Lotus Treasured Flag back to Daoism’s universe.

They didn’t go back to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens directly but went to Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens on the other side.

That was the universe the current Severing Heavenly Lord, Suo Mingzhang, had established with a Sea Suppressing Pearl.

Severing Heavenly Lord was Suo Mingzhang’s current title. His full title would be Heaven Reigning Opposing Essence Supreme Heavenly Lord Zhu Rong, also known as Zhu Rong Heavenly Lord, or Opposing Heavenly Lord.

The word “Heaven Reigning” was added to the front of the title, which was the symbol of the master of the Daoism cosmos.

Just like the previous Golden Spirit Mother of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Big Dipper Agency, the full name was Heaven Reigning Brahma Plough Matriarch Origin Monarch Purple Brilliance Benevolent Grand Plainness True Compassionate Heavenly Lord. Likewise, the Purple Tenuity Emperor who took her place had the full name as the Heaven Reigning Purple Tenuity Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor.

After the Great Calamity, Purple Tenuity Emperor disappeared and his whereabouts remained unknown.

According to the information gathered so far, Purple Tenuity Emperor was either the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, or he succumbed to the eternal rest when it opposed Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

So when someone proposed the Suo Mingzhang title and added the word “Heaven Reigning” to the front, the other bigwigs had no objection.

Suo Mingzhang’s strength undoubtedly could bear this honor.

What he learned encompassed the cultivation of the power of the fire within the sun, comprehension of the changes of the stars, and the truth of all things. Those learning allowed him to attain ascendancy and cultivate the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures. Through years of cultivation, he had integrated the scripture with a variety of Supreme Martial Arts and deduced a unique style of his -Heaven Severing Scripture.

Suo Mingzhang also attained a Sea Suppressing Pearl when competing for the Immortal Extermination Formation and established the Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens, one of the Daoism Six Cosmos, as his dao arena.

It was just that Suo Mingzhang usually lived in seclusion at Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens and rarely appeared in this world, unlike the other Daoism bigwig.

Yan Zhaoge and the group would be looking for Suo Mingzhang’s aid at this moment.

Water wasn’t the one way to clean up the evil. The alternative would be the fire.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.