Chapter 1670: An Aggravated Cooperation

Chapter 1670: An Aggravated Cooperation

Dingguang Joyous Buddha was agitated by how the situation developed.

Illumination on Bai Huaxiu was supposed to be an easy job. After all, the cultivation realm gap was wide.

However, the Western Pure Lands and Immortal Court’s troops were beaconed over at this moment.

Though, it shouldn’t be a big deal because Kui Mulang and Drake-Headed Immortal were there to support the illumination process. Dingguang Joyous Buddha just needed to focus on his own business.

Who would have thought that the Dingguang Joyous Buddha would face a setback here?

What happened when he almost illuminated the blue-dressed woman had dumbfounded him.

The dimmed Immortal Court’s treasured light imbued with faith power flourished again and returned to its original appearance.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha was caught off guard. So he added more power to suppress the treasured light imbued with faith power and replaced them with Buddha light.

However, when the treasured light imbued with faith power was pushed to the extreme, it became much sturdier. It would flourish again as it dimmed to a certain level, rendering all previous efforts in vain.

The treasured light didn’t devour his Buddha light to nurture himself, but more like forming a new cycle every time it approached its demise. The process was forced to another restart.

“

Huh?

” This situation immediately caught the attention of Dingguang Joyous Buddha.

The surprise was greater than the ordeal between Kui Mulang and Bai Huaxiu.

“Could it be that I am unable to illuminate the Immortal Court’s people in the Central Blessed Lands of Saha?” Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s expression was unprecedentedly serious.

If this deduction were valid, it would bring more negative impact than the Immortal Court having a few more Grand Heavenly Immortals.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha, as a high-level powerhouse in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, was naturally very concerned about this. It was too unexpected and unbelievable.

At present, the two heretic factions were at war, and the war had lasted for some time.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus took the initiative and the upper hand. They invaded the Immortal Court’s territory and reaped some benefits.

As they illuminate the martial art practitioners and mortals, they had not faced a situation similar to Bai Huaxiu.

“However, those we illuminated previously had a lower cultivation.” Dingguang Joyous Buddha muttered to himself, “Is it because she overcame the Immortal Door, then this happens?”

He didn’t care what Kui Mulang would think at the moment and began to examine the blue-clothed woman in front of him.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha naturally wasn’t in the mood to harvest her vigor through pleasurable means. Instead, he just focused on checking her soul.

After a while, Dingguang Joyous Buddha had a new discovery, “What is this?”

Dingguang Joyous Buddha saw something was hidden in the Spirit Yin Centre between Bai Huaxiu’s eyebrows. Upon closer inspection, it was a withered tree.

When Bai Huaxiu’s treasured light imbued with faith power dimmed to a specific limit, the withered tree would sprout and regain vigor as if a new spring had arrived.

As its branches changed, Bai Huaxiu’s treasured light imbued with faith power returned to its previous level, resolving Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s illuminating efforts of replacing treasured light with Buddha light.

“It turns out to be the Tree of Yang. This is quite ingenious.” Seeing this, Dingguang Joyous Buddha breathed a sigh of relief, “But as long as I figure out the situation, there’s nothing to be afraid of, and the challenge can be easily overcome.”

He immediately broke the withered tree hidden in the Bai Huaxiu Spirit Yin Centre.

Shattering the withered tree wasn’t difficult at all, given his cultivation. However, destroying the tree without hurting Bai Huaxiu’s spirit required strenuous effort.

However, just after the Dingguang Joyous Buddha destroyed the withered tree, an unprecedented brilliance suddenly appeared in the broken branches.

The treasured light imbued with faith power engulfed Bai Huaxiu, boasting her soul a hundred fold. She soon began to suppress the Dingguang Joyous Buddha!

Dingguang Joyous Buddha was startled. Under the treasured light, he could vaguely see a White Jade Door.

“It’s a trap!” Dingguang Joyous Buddha reacted immediately.

Generally speaking, even the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha couldn’t forcibly illuminate the Grand Heavenly Realm’s bigwigs, even if they were heretics.

However, Dingguang Joyous Buddha was putting himself in a vulnerable position. He had given the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord a chance to do so.

“There is something else hidden in the Tree of Yang… the Primordial Soil? No wonder, if it weren’t for this, he wouldn’t have succeeded.” Dingguang Joyous Buddha was a little exasperated, “Didn’t this go extinct long ago? Why does the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord still have it?”

If the Primordial Soil weren’t extinct, similar traps like this would have happened many times.

But it was precisely because of this that Dingguang Joyous Buddha was caught off guard.

He struggled to protect himself as he chanted the name of Maitreya Buddha, not to let the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord succeed.

Although he converted to heretics, he was still a Grand Heavenly Realm combatant. Unfortunately, the situation had gone into a stalemate.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s face revealed his suffering at this moment.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord wanted to illuminate him, and he could barely resist.

Once the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord became impatient, the Lord could directly shock Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s spirit to his perish, and even Maitreya Buddha couldn’t protect him.

Thinking of this, Dingguang Joyous Buddha looked at the blue-clothed woman hideously.

In this situation, both Kui Mulang and Dingguang Joyous Buddha were displeased with each other.

In ancient times, he was the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal at Grand Heavenly Realm, while Kui Mulang was merely at Grand Virtual Realm.

In the Middle era, he joined Buddhism and converted into Dingguang Joyous Buddha. When the Middle era ended, the central Blessed Lands of Saha was in chaos, and Buddhism was occupied to protect itself. He was severely injured by a Prime Clear Combatant, resulting in his cultivation to drop from Grand Heavenly Realm.

The downfall of his cultivation inflicted a severe internal injury upon Dingguang Joyous Buddha. He could no longer go through the Origin Heavenly Tribulation on his own.

In the end, he had no choice but to join the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, entering the rank of heretics to attain Buddhahood and achieve the Grand Heavenly Realm again.

However, he was more inferior compared to the past.

Kui Mulang, being stripped off from the Investiture of God, actually attained Grand Heavenly Realm without succumbing to heretical means.

After comparing, Dingguang Joyous Buddha found his fate unfair.

However, times had changed. No matter what he felt, Kui Mulang was superior to him. Likewise, Astro Mountains Starry Sea was superior to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha still quickly adjusted his mentality and cooperated with Kui Mulang and Drake-Headed Immortal.

As time flew by, Dingguang Joyous Buddha was filled with malign thoughts again when he saw that he couldn’t escape a terrible fate.

By killing Bai Huaxiu, he could cut off the illumination of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to him and get himself out of the current predicament. This would also ensure his safety so that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord wouldn’t kill him after being impatient.

Even if Kui Mulang were agitated by this, the Future Buddha would negotiate with East Sovereign Taiyi and keep Bai Huaxiu alive.

“This woman has retained her yin energy (virginity). There’s no reason to hesitate further.” Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s previous scruples were all gone as the evil thoughts surfaced. Anyway, he could push all the responsibilities to the Immortal Court and Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and destroy the evidence.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.