Chapter 1678: Daoism Universe

Chapter 1678: Daoism Universe

One hundred years ago, during the battle for the Immortal Extermination Formation, Archaic Dipankara Buddha lost 6 of the 24 Sea Suppressing Pearls in his possession to the Daoism’s Heavenly Lords.

With these 6 Sea Suppressing Pearls, orthodox Daoism jointly expanded their universe.

The expansions included Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens developed by Suo Mingzhang, Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens created by Incongruence Divine Mother, Grand Sovereign Yellow Great Heaven established by North Star Emperor, and Unperturbed Origin River Heaven under Cloudy Firmament Fairy.

Of course, there were also Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and Everlasting Oath Heaven established by Yan Zhaoge.

The six great heavens stood side by side, and together they lay the foundation for the revival of the current Daoism.

Aside from the Tai’an Royal Cliff Heavens of Suo Mingzhang and the Everlasting Oath Heaven newly established by Yan Zhaoge, the other four heavens flourished with a greater population.

While several Heavenly Lords of Daoism opened up their new cave manor, they also took this as a foundation to nurture a new generation of Daoists.

Aside from Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens having a solid foundation, the North Star Emperor’s Grand Sovereign Yellow Great Heaven and Cloudy Firmament Fairy’s Unperturbed Origin River Heaven showed their starting structure.

For outsiders, the Daoism folks were in a relatively stable and safe state. As time flew by, the established heavens would become more and more prosperous.

For Everlasting Oath Heaven, Yan Zhaoge already had his plans and ideas.

However, he had to wait patiently and delay his plans for a while for the time being.

After Taiyi Cultivated Deity brought Ne Zha back, Yan Zhaoge settled in the newly opened and temporarily empty Everlasting Oath Heaven.

In this relatively stable environment, Taiyi Cultivated Deity worked hard to diffuse Ne Zha’s Evil Qi.

This was a relatively long process, and there was no rush.

Yan Zhaoge entered the Everlasting Oath Heaven to revisit Ne Zha.

Overall, the situation was not bad. With Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s efforts, Ne Zha’s fierce aura was constantly cleared, and recovery was just around the corner.

“You should be wary of Primordial Heart Devil.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity said solemnly after listening to Yan Zhaoge’s remarks, “Among the six Extinct Devils, Primordial Heart Devil is always the most difficult to deal with.”

For Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s admonition, Yan Zhaoge did not take it lightly.

Long before the Great Calamity, Daoism bigwigs like Taiyi Cultivated Deity, especially those from Jade Clear Lineage, fought against the Nine Underworlds.

Although the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil did not participate in that battle, Nine Underworlds also had many top powerhouses to retaliate.

It included the Primordial Heart Devil, who was uninjured and in his peak state.

Primordial Heart Devil’s strength wasn’t mainly reflected in the frontal combat prowess.

But he was pervasive. He peeked into the minds of all living beings at every moment with no way of shielding against it.

Under his leadership, Nine Underworlds managed to guard against opponents from other forces while confronting bigwigs such as Taiyi Cultivated Deity easily.

Moreover, the Primordial Heart Devil’s illusory property protected him against the many arts in the world, with very few capable of hurting his foundation.

In that battle that year, it would have been difficult for Daoism to injure the Primordial Heart Devil critically without Master Amidst Clouds, who had attained Origin Heavenly Scripture, had not participated in the battle.

Despite so, Master Amidst Clouds had perished because of that.

On the other hand, the Primordial Heart Devil was still alive today.

Although he had appeared several times before with his injuries still not healed, the Primordial Heart Devil was known to be deceitful among the Nine Underworlds devils. Yan Zhaoge and others had to be careful of that. Who knew if that old devil recovered now?

Several powerhouses at the peak of Grand Heavenly Realm Daluo were plotting against the Nine Underworlds. At the same time, the Nine Underworlds had reorganized their forces and were ready. Among the devils, none could be negligence against the Primordial Heart Devil.

“Forget about the Primordial Heart Devil, may Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity recover soon.” Yan Zhaoge bowed to Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity looked at Ne Zha under the Nine Dragons Divine Inferno Cover, with a look of relief on his face, “In a few more days, I believe he should have fully recovered. We may be able to finish the recovery before negotiating with the Nine Underworlds.”

“Of course, that couldn’t be better.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

For the time being, Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Ne Zha would stay at Everlasting Oath Heaven, and Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng would return to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

Everyone on Broad Creed Mountain breathed a sigh of relief when they heard the news of Yu Ye’s awakening.

“I’m glad that Senior Apprentice-sister Yu is fine.” Ying Longtu, who had returned to the mountain earlier, smiled happily.

“She could have woken up a long time ago. It’s just that I didn’t want to leave any long-lasting internal injuries within her. So, I hustled around to find the treasures like Soul Dissevering Jade and Sanguinary Stone Marrow.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “I appreciate everyone’s hard work all these years. If it weren’t for Junior Brother Ying, we might not be able to retrieve Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity.”

Ying Longtu smiled with a pure heart, “I’m glad that Senior Apprentice-sister Yu is blessed with luck amidst the misfortune.”

“It’s good news that Senior Apprentice-sister Yu is awake.” On the side, a one-eyed young man sighed, “It’s just a pity that Brother Nie…”

This determined-looking young man wore a black blindfold and covered one of his eyes. He was Yan Zhaoge’s fellow junior of the same sect whose teacher was Xia Guang under Yan Di sect.

Like Ying Longtu, Xia Guang had overcome Immortal Door and attained the title as the new generation of Thunder Emperor.

After Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun, Ying Longtu, Sikong Qing, and Xia Guang overcame Immortal Door and attained the Leakless True Immortal within the recent century.

What’s more? Shi Jun, known to be the Broad Creed Mountain’s fourth-generation champion, had just successfully passed through the Immortal Mortal Tribulation and attained Immortal Realm.

After adding the four already existing immortals — Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Feng Yunsheng, and Xu Fei, the Broad Creed Mountain Daoism lineage had 10 people attaining the Immortal Realm. They were praised as the “Broad Creed Ten Immortals” to the outside world.

After including the lineages close to Broad Creed Lineage, there were three additional Leakless True Immortals: Xue Chuqing, Huang Huting, and Yan Xiaoai.

Moreover, new talents emerged in the Broad Creed Mountain Sect, with the overall sect growing in strength. Many among the young talents were preparing to challenge the Immortal Mortal Tribulation.

The desolate situation of Daoism remained in the past. With the Broad Creed Mountain taking the lead, the new generation of Daoism flourished, leading to the rejuvenation of Daoism.

With Xia Guang’s current cultivation, he could have utilized the magical power of rejuvenation to recover his injured eyes.

But for some reason, he still kept his wounded eye until now.

Xia Guang had resigned from the post of Disciplinary Hall First Seat Elder long ago, and even the successor Shi Jun had stepped down from the position. So there was a brand new successor already, yet he still remained awe-inspiring to the younger generation. He had always been dignified and outstanding in the Broad Creed Mountain lineage.

He still treated Yan Zhaoge respectfully like how he had always been, even though he tended to be casual and frank in front of Yan Zhaoge. He seemed like the rash and impatient youth back then.

“It’s hard to describe Senior Brother Nie’s situation. I can only do my best now.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Later, I will go to Jade Capital Crag again to meet Senior Uncle Yue.”

When he returned, he had already met with Yue Zhenbei to discuss Nie Jingshen’s matter. Since Daoism would contact the Nine Underworlds, he naturally wanted to inform Yue Zhenbei.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.