Chapter 1672: I Shall Send You To Oblivion

Chapter 1672: I Shall Send You To Oblivion

When Kui Mulang finally made a move to save the woman in blue from the onslaught of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ martial art practitioner, the lurking Yan Zhaoge knew that the time had come.

Kui Mulang had been paying attention to Bai Huaxiu all this while. When his concern pushed him into action, Yan Zhaoge was sure that the situation would inevitably escalate.

In this case, he had to be prepared for the escalation that would be coming.

When Kui Mulang snatched Bai Huaxiu away, Yan Zhaoge received the news from his North Ocean Clone and came here to deal with further changes that might occur at any time.

Sure enough, Kui Mulang and Drake-Headed Immortal had a Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Buddha to illuminate Bai Huaxiu. In the illuminating process, there were many twists and turns of events.

First, the Western Pure Lands experts chased after him. Then, the illumination of Bai Huaxiu encountered a setback.

Yan Zhaoge felt that the opportunity had come, so he approached silently.

Later, Lu Yue from the Immortal Court appeared.

Fortunately, Yan Zhaoge had already arrived. His North Ocean Clone hindered Lu Yue’s path, and his main body took the opportunity to reach where Dingguang Joyous Buddha and Bai Huaxiu were.

Yan Zhaoge delivered a hand chop without hesitation at the blinking Buddha light.

As he exerted the Heaven Opening Scripture, his arm with the might capable of establishing a world broke apart the Buddha light.

In the Buddha light, a white lotus appeared.

A Buddha with a Golden Body sat on his knees on the lotus platform. His hands were clasped with a multi-colored air mass contained in his palm.

In the air mass, the blue-clothed woman looked confused. Her eyes were blank, and she lost the will to resist.

Although there was treasured light imbued with faith power shining around her body and even spreading all over Buddha’s body, it couldn’t penetrate the colorful air mass.

“Dingguang Joyous Buddha?” Yan Zhaoge recognized the Buddha at first glance.

Looking at the opponent’s movements, Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes.

Apparently, Dingguang Joyous Buddha faced some trouble in illuminating Bai Huaxiu.

However, judging from the Buddha’s actions, Yan Zhaoge realized that the Buddha had blatantly harvested Bai Huaxiu’s vigors with his art.

“What a mess…” Yan Zhaoge was baffled, “They asked for your help to illuminate Bai Huaxiu into a Buddhism heretic, but you’re cuckolding Kui Mulang.”

Dingguang Joyous Buddha was shocked when he saw Yan Zhaoge appear.

He grabbed Bai Huaxiu with one hand and struck Yan Zhagoe with the other.

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes became blurry, and the scene in front of him changed suddenly.

The orioles and swallows danced and sang with the make-up fragrance lingered into the air. What lay before Yan Zhaoge’s eyes was a world filled with pink. The Buddhist doctrines ringing in his ears came to a halt, and only promiscuous voices were left.

The voice wasn’t too loud, but it was pervasive and drilled into the heart.

His desire rose uncontrollably, giving off a sensual air.

Yan Zhaoge smiled. Since he was wielding the Heaven Splitting Halberd, he shattered the pink world in front of him without much delay.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha had a tremendous headache. From the corner of his eyes, he could see that a yellow-colored demonic wind escaped the entanglement and rushed towards him.

The yellow-robed Great Sage Kui Mulang noticed that the situation over here wasn’t right. So he shook off the Western Pure Lands Buddha and returned here urgently.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha became anxious at this moment. He stared at Yan Zhaoge with a solemn expression.

“My Buddha is compassionate.” Dingguang Joyous Buddha uttered his Buddhism doctrine, and his Buddha light turned brighter.

The colored glaze brilliance combined with the multi-colored air mass manifested another incarnation of Dingguang Joyous Buddha.

As the brilliance circulated, a giant Buddha statue appeared.

However, the Buddha statue looked quite strange, with two bodies hugging each other face to face.

The Buddha’s face was hideous like the Waspish Eyes of Devarajas. Its flames of wrath enshrouded the statue.

The woman in his arms was naked. She had a voluptuous figure, exquisite enough to make all the men’s hearts palpitate and set their blood on fire.

However, the woman’s expression was elegant and solemn.

Although they were in intercourse, the observers didn’t just have their desire aroused, but a devastating emptiness was also poured into their hearts.

Even Yan Zhaoge was slightly in a trance with his thoughts affected.

The Buddha and the beautiful woman, hugging each other, turned sideways to Yan Zhaoge. Then, two palm strikes came at Yan Zhaoge in unison.

One seemed to be grand and solemn but violent and ferocious.

One seemed to be erotic, but it gave off a desolate and empty feeling.

With the worldly rules intertwined, the attack came like a torrent and converged into a vortex, striking Yan Zhaoge like a mighty tide.

“As expected of a person who has been in the Grand Heavenly Realm in the past. You have also studied Buddhism’s doctrine, extracting the best of both factions. Even if you have fallen into a heretic, you can’t be underestimated.” Yan Zhaoge said with admiration while calming down his mind.

At the same time, his incantations had followed up. The splendor of Soul gathered on the top of his head, making the sound of a bell.

Jade Clear Primordial Early Heaven Three Scriptures were unified. Its intricacies interpreted the beginning of the primordial gulf, the mystery of the birth of heaven and earth, the infinitely wonderful daos, and the supreme power. They all manifested together, enabling Yan Zhaoge to invoke the Chaos Origin Opening and clash with Dingguang Joyous Buddha’s Joyous Empty Palm.

Even the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, who had attained Buddhism Enlightenment, had to deal with Yan Zhaoge’s blow seriously. How could Dingguang Joyous Buddha, who was disturbed by the Immortal Court’s treasured light imbued with faith power, be able to stop him?

Yan Zhaoge’s attack that seemed to contain the beginning of chaos and the power of creation had smashed the palms of the Buddha and beautiful women!

The attack then smashed their palms and later their bodies to pieces!

The Waspish Eyes of Devarajas and the graceful woman were all destroyed under Yan Zhaoge’s palm. It was as if only Yan Zhaoge’s attacks could bring oblivion.

Even if Dingguang Joyous Buddha gave all he had, the clasped joyous vajra image was still shattered by Yan Zhaoge’s magnificent and domineering attack!

Yan Zhaoge kept his momentum and even directly beat the Buddha to the ground.

Immortal Essence could hardly hurt Grand Heavenly Immortal.

Although Dingguang Joyous Buddha was in an embarrassing state, he wasn’t hurt.

Yan Zhaoge was at his perimeter, while Kui Mulang was coming from a distance. He was entangled with the treasured light imbued with faith power on Bai Huaxiu and was under siege. He felt despair in his heart.

“Back off!” He grabbed Bai Huaxiu and yelled at Yan Zhaoge.

Dingguang Joyous Buddha knew Yan Zhaoge had no stories with Bai Huaxiu. So, Yan Zhaoge’s trouble should be because of Bai Huaxiu’s connection with Kui Mulang.

Whether facing Yan Zhaoge or Kui Mulang, Bai Huaxiu was the most prominent capital in his hand.

At this moment, a big drum suddenly appeared beside Yan Zhaoge.

He kept walking, beating the drum as he walked towards the Dingguang Joyous Buddha.

The drum sounded, and Dingguang Joyous Buddha froze for a moment.

The next moment, Bai Huaxiu in his hands fell into Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge summoned the Chaotic Origin Hammer into his hand. Then, under a heavy blow, he smashed Dingguang Joyous Buddha like a rolling gourd!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.