Chapter 1674: I Have Waited Too Long For This Moment

Chapter 1674: I Have Waited Too Long For This Moment

After putting away Soul Dissevering Jade, Yan Zhaoge looked at Kui Mulang and asked, “Since your wife has now entered the ranks of Immortal Court’s heretics, what are your next plans?”

Hearing this, Kui Mulang was silent for a while. He naturally didn’t want Bai Huaxiu to be part of the heretics – no matter if it was the Immortal Court or Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Just that the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was slightly more acceptable. After all, Kui Mulang was with the demon races faction now, and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had allied with the demon races.

As long as the Astro Mountains Starry Sea kept the strong position, Bai Huaxiu’s entry into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus wouldn’t be a problem for Kui Mulang.

That was why he agreed to have a Buddha to illuminate Bai Huaxiu into a Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ heretic.

Unfortunately, he had killed Dingguang Joyous Buddha in the end.

Even for heretics, losing a Grand Heavenly Realm Buddha was devastating to their faction.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus defeated Immortal Court consecutively in many battles because Suo Mingzhang and Yan Zhaoge committed a massacre on the heavenly lords in the Immortal Court back then.

After examining Bai Huaxiu’s soul, Kui Mulang also knew that the Dingguang Joyous Buddha whom he summoned to illuminate Bai Huaxiu suffered the most loss.

So it was him who was in the wrong for killing Dingguang Joyous Buddha, even though the demon races’ faction was stronger than the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Of course, Kui Mulang had some reason to defend himself because Dingguang Joyous Buddha intended to harvest Bai Huaxiu’s ying energy.

In the end, it would just become an unresolved dispute with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus suffering the bitter end.

After all, Kui Mulang, who was a legit demon race Great Sage, had a higher status than Dingguang Joyous Buddha, even in the shoes of the alliance.

It wasn’t too late for Kui Mulang to bring Bai Huaxiu back to the Astro Mountains Starry Sea and ease the relations with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. Afterward, he could request another Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Buddha bigwig to illuminate Bai Huaxiu again. That would thoroughly eliminate any possible future troubles from the Immortal Court.

In the current situation, there was no way to persuade Kui Mulang to betray the demon races’ faction and dedicate his loyalty to the Western Pure Lands and the Immortal Court, unless the demon races and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus couldn’t resolve Bai Huaxiu’s problem.

However, if there were a way to pull Bai Huaxiu out of the heretic martial art path, Kui Mulang would prefer the orthodox manner.

After Yan Zhaoge’s question, Kui Mulang had a wild thought. He turned to look at Yan Zhaoge and asked, “I have avoided my wife back then. Now that she was cheated into becoming an Immortal Court’s heretic, it would gravely affect her future. I’m regretful of my past mistakes. Do you know any way to fix it? If Young Heavenly Lord has a solution, please do not hesitate to guide me. I will definitely repay the favor.”

“Of course, the Immortal Court heretics are great harm to the orthodox Daoism.” Yan Zhaoge replied, “My seniors and I have been carefully studying their heretic arts these years, hoping to bring things to the righteous path.”

Yan Zhaoge paused for a while before answering, “Although our research has attained some gains, the gains are still limited. I dare not say that there is a way to fix it, so we can only find a way together.”

Hearing that Yan Zhaoge didn’t dare to make a promise, Kui Mulang had believed that his words were true.

Unfortunately, it also extinguished Kui Mulang’s last glimmer of hope.

“Having limited gains” was just a euphemism of lacking confidence in achieving it.

When Yan Zhaoge said “let’s find out together”, it showed that the treatment on Bai Huaxiu was an experiment.

Kui Mulang sighed, “Young Heavenly Lord, I will take the chance even if I’m in this unfortunate spot. But, I can’t bear to have my wife take the risk.”

“That’s understandable.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

It was enough to give a hint only.

After this incident, whether Kui Mulang stayed on the side of the demon races and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus or converted to the side of Immortal Court and Western Pure Lands, there was a possibility that he would be the orthodox Daoism’s enemy. Therefore, it was best for Yan Zhaoge to think twice about his decision and avoid any further interactions.

Who knows if Kui Mulang would blame everything back to Yan Zhaoge and the Three Clear Lineages because of Bai Huaxiu in the end?

Although Yan Zhaoge was also a little regretful that he missed the opportunity to acquire a test subject, he had eliminated a possible coming from a demon races’ Great Sage for his lineage.

“That being the case, Yellow Robe Great Sage, let’s bid our farewell here.” Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands.

“Thank you, Young Heavenly Lord, for today. Fate will tell if we will meet again.” Kui Mulang also returned a polite gesture to Yan Zhaoge.

The two parted ways. Yan Zhaoge acquired the Soul Dissevering Jade and returned to Daoism’s universe with his North Ocean Clone.

After approaching Daoism’s universe, a human figure appeared in the dark void; it was Feng Yunsheng.

“It’s a fruitful trip.” Yan Zhaoge opened up his palm, revealing a dark purple jade. It quietly emitted a magnificent and strange brilliance.

When Feng Yunsheng looked at it, she could only sense that many souls were accumulated in the jade.

The soul itself exudes a sense of tranquility and clarity, but the jade was vicious.

The seemingly contradictory properties had stayed harmonious and unified in the dark purple jade, giving off a magnificent charm.

“That couldn’t be better.” Feng Yunsheng let out a long sigh, “Let’s go to the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens, senior apprentice-sister Yu has been waiting for too long.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, let’s go.”

The couple went to the Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens together and entered the Roving Jade Heavens.

Long Xingquan, Gao Xuebo, and others who got the news were naturally delighted. They came out to welcome the couple into Yu Ye’s resting place.

Gao Qingxuan, who was in seclusion, was even disturbed. He exited the seclusion for his granddaughter.

A group of people gathered in the clean room where Yu Ye was. First, Yan Zhaoge took out the Soul Dissevering Jade, Sanguinary Stone Marrow, Verve Sea Essence, and many other treasures. Then, he arranged them into the formation accordingly.

After the formation was adequately prepared, Yan Zhaoge checked on it again before sending Yu Ye into the formation.

Light rays rose in the formation, covering Yu Ye’s body.

The arrays and talismans seemed to have materialized a symbol, engraved it on the thin air. Then, it floated into the void and sent out unfathomable light streams.

The light streams were like silk cloth and enveloped Yu Ye’s body.

During this process, the cocoon took the appearance of a sturdy stone, but there was dark red liquid like blood marrow deep inside. Blood-colored mists surrounded Yu Ye’s whole body and infiltrated into her body through the pores on the skin surface.

The Soul Dissevering Jade, which looked like a dark purple jade, emitted purple lights and slowly sank into Yu Ye’s Spirit Yin Centre.

Under the influence of the formation, Verve Sea Essence also shattered silently. They turned into a cloud of white mists which Yu Yue absorbed through her breathings.

Various other treasures were assimilated into Yu Ye’s body under the assistance of Yan Zhaoge’s formation.

The silk-like light streams kept spinning like a vortex with Yu Ye in the center. All the treasures were refined and gradually absorbed by Yu Ye. Gradually, the light streams slowed down, with most of the treasures exhausted. Finally, they transformed into light particles and entered Yu Ye’s body.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.