Chapter 1679: Striking A Deal With Nine Underworlds

Chapter 1679: Striking A Deal With Nine Underworlds

This time, Yan Zhaoge met an acquaintance after arriving at Jade Capital Crag.

It was Shadow Mountain Sword King, Long Hanhua, under Cao Jie’s sect of Golden Court Mountain. He came to Jade Capital Crag as a visitor.

Long Hanhua said delightfully after seeing Yan Zhaoge, “I have received the news that Yu Ye is fine.”

“Yup.” Yan Zhaoge nodded in relief.

Long Hanhua was Long Xueji’s son. Strictly speaking, Yu Ye’s mother — Long Xuening was his aunty, while he and Yu Ye were cousins.

Back in those days, Long Hanhua assumed the name Ling Hanhua, and returned to World beyond Worlds to settle down on behalf of his father Long Xueji and grandfather Long Xingquan, and joined Cao Jie’s sect. Unfortunately, he had to leave the World Beyond Worlds that time after his actual identity was exposed.

Although they had different family backgrounds, Long Hanhua had always respected his teacher — Cao Jie and Golden Court Mountain.

As time flew by with the situation changed drastically, he returned to Cao Jie’s sect.

Over the years, Long Hanhua had been cultivating at Golden Court Mountain, returning only occasionally to Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens and Roving Jade Heavens to visit his family.

Because of Long Xingquan, Long Hanhua stayed in Sky beyond Skies and often roamed around the Jade Capital Crag. Hence, he also had a good relationship with Wang Pu and others.

At present, Long Xingquan hadn’t yet overcome the Immortal Door, and he was still in the Human Exalt realm.

This was related to the fact that he had cultivated the technique of Sheathe Edge and Nurture Sword. In this aspect, the path he took was quite different from that of his father Long Xueji but imitated the life trajectory of his uncle — Gao Xuebo, and his niece who was also Gao Xuebo’s Granddaughter — Gao Qing.

Long Hanhua’s mood was calm without being arrogant or impetuous, even though Golden Court Mountain had a new Leakless True Immortal born not long ago.

Cao Jie’s final disciple was Long Hanhua’s younger brother, Tang Yonghao. He was born in Eight Extremities World Sacred Sun Clan and practiced asceticism. His brilliance had become more dazzling, surpassing countless predecessors and successfully opening the Immortal Door.

After recent development, the Broad Creed Mountain in Sky Beyond Skies had taken the lead. Next, Jade Capital Crag and Ingenious Flying Peak Red Lotus Cliff became more prominent.

Further down the ranking, it was the Golden Court Mountain who had two Leakless True Immortals emerging. Recently, their prestige had gradually overshadowed the Cold Wave Locale situated at the Jade Sky Peak, which had been low-key for many years.

Although Long Hanhua seemed to be overtaken by Tang Yonghao, anyone who heard of the Prime Clear Lineage’s secret techniques of Sheathe Edge and Nurture Sword knew that Hanhua’s current dormancy was more of an accumulation for immense growth.

Speaking of Tang Yonghao, Yan Zhaoge thought of Meng Wan.

Meng Wan also shared the same origin from the Sacred Sun Clan in the Eight Extremities World. He overcame the Immortal Door earlier than Tang Yonghao and entered the Immortal Realm.

As for Broad Creed Mountain’s nemesis in the lower realm, two Immortal Realm martial art practitioners emerged.

Of course, it was Ingenious Flying Peak and Golden Court Mountain that made them who they were today.

The Sacred Sun Clan of Eight Extremities World had long since become history. It reopened the sect gate in Sky beyond Skies. Although they shared the same lineage of martial art techniques, it was an entirely new force.

Just remembering what happened when he was still in Eight Extremities World, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but sigh.

In a trance, more than 200 years had passed.

As time went by, the dust of history had buried countless prominent figures, but it had also allowed many people to take advantage of the situation and rise. Things were impermanent and constantly changing. Recalling the memories back then felt nostalgic.

“Did Senior Brother Long meet Senior Uncle Yue just now?” Yan Zhaoge asked Long Hanhua as he recollected his thoughts.

Long Hanhua nodded, “Senior Uncle Yue is in seclusion. Just go ahead and see him. I have something to do at Golden Court Mountain, so I’ll go back first.”

Yan Zhaoge bid farewell and greeted Wang Pu and other Jade Capital Crag disciples.

He was familiar with Jade Capital Crag. So, he visited Yue Zhenbei without guidance from Wang Pu and the others.

After listening to Yan Zhaoge’s intention, Yue Zhenbei nodded, “Thanks for going through the trouble. If possible, I really hope to see Jingshen again.”

“It depends on the outcome after contacting Nine Underworlds.” Yan Zhaoge said after a brief pause, “Senior Brother Nie, this situation is difficult to predict.”

“I understand.” Yue Zhenbei closed his eyes gently.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge said goodbye and left.

After returning to Broad Creed Mountain, Yan Zhaoge continued his cultivation while sorting out various information from the outside world.

After the Bai Huaxiu’s matter, it was bound to have grievance between the Astro Mountains Starry Sea’s demon races and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Buddhism heretics.

Yan Zhaoge had a limited understanding of the specific details. But, the demon races and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus should have reached a compromise over time.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Buddhism heretics managed to illuminate Bai Huaxiu, converted her faith to the Future Buddha, and altered all the treasured light imbued with faith power within her into Buddha light. Finally, she was out of Immortal Court’s heretics’ grasp.

This time, Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was prepared. They were already wary of the peculiarities contained in Bai Huaxiu’s soul and didn’t give the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord a chance to attack.

Although Bai Huaxiu took refuge under the Future Buddha, she didn’t serve the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus but was brought back to the demon races faction’s Astro Mountains Starry Sea by Kui Mulang.

The battle between the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Immortal Court was in full swing, but she didn’t have to participate.

Since she took refuge in the Future Buddha and then entered the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus might not be pleased to let that happen.

As for how she would get along with Kui Mulang despite her situation of losing her past life memory, Yan Zhaoge had no idea.

Kui Mulang’s following situation in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea might not be as good as before.

The other demon race powerhouses didn’t understand the importance he attached to Bai Huaxiu. He had incited a series of troubles for this woman, and that was undoubtedly deemed as an annoyance by the majority.

Bai Huaxiu converted to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus but was taken to the Astro Mountains Starry Sea by Kui Mulang. Out of precaution, he was naturally alienated from the other Great Demons.

Astro Mountains Starry Sea and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were still allies right now, but they weren’t as close as before.

Kui Mulang might have already anticipated this. Though, no one could guess what was in his mind.

In the days to come, it was foreseeable that Kui Mulang would resume being low profile, at the very least for a few years.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t mind this outcome. The foreshadowing that he wanted to implant was already there. No matter what Kui Mulang planned to do next, he wouldn’t make it difficult for the descendants of orthodox Daoism.

After a while, news came from Roving Jade Heavens. Yu Ye said that she was mentally prepared and hoped to meet Nie Jingshen.

So Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng went to Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens again and met with Yu Ye. After negotiating with Gao Qingxuan and others, Feng Yunsheng contacted the Nine Underworlds.

The connection between Feng Yunsheng and the Nine Underworlds had never been completely severed, but the connection had always been within control and usually isolated.

Since there was a need now, she just needed to loosen the seal and contact Nine Underworlds directly.

She contacted the Primordial Heart Devil this time.

Some folks in Daoism didn’t expect that. After a bit of hesitation, the Nine Underworlds devil agreed to Yan Zhaoge’s proposal and meeting up.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.