Chapter 1680: Raising The Price To Hid The Plan

Chapter 1680: Raising The Price To Hid The Plan

As for the price that Daoism paid, Feng Yunsheng had to take some risks.

She would give up some of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority.

The good news was that it wouldn’t bring any harm to Feng Yunsheng.

She had already solidified the foundation of Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation, making her more superb even after attaining Grand Heavenly Realm. Hence, she wasn’t dependent on the Doomsday Heavenly Devil authority. As long as she didn’t completely cut the authority off with no traces left, it wouldn’t affect her in any way.

Moreover, as she gave up some of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority, she would be more unrestrained.

However, she should be wary of facing further corruption from the devil dao during the authority sharing.

On the other hand, she could take advantage of this process to gain a more in-depth look at Nine Underworlds.

As for who would attain more gains and have the upper hand, time would tell after the Daoism and Nine Underworld competed.

Therefore, the Nine Underworlds were put in a risky situation despite Daoism putting forward a bargaining chip and paying the price. As for the gains and losses, they were unpredictable for both factions.

The Nine Underworlds could only avoid the potential losses when the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil took action in person. However, there was the deterrence coming from the Immortal Extermination Formation at Daoism’s side. In the end, both sides had the tacit understanding to avoid having third parties benefit from this transaction, slimming down the possibility of that as much as possible.

In this way, Nine Underworlds had difficulty ensuring that the gain from contacting Daoism this time outweighed their losses.

Since it wasn’t quite profitable, Yan Zhaoge and the rests were also mentally prepared that the Nine Underworlds would refuse it.

Unexpectedly, Primordial Heart Devil agreed after some consideration.

That alerted Yan Zhaoge’s group.

If the Nine Underworlds’ plan weren’t to bluff and show a strong front, that would mean Nie Jingshen’s situation wasn’t optimistic, so the Nine Underworlds were so confident.

They were at least having the confidence to ensure that nothing would go wrong with Nie Jingshen.

At the same time, they had a reliance on other elements in the contact between Feng Yunsheng and the devils.

From the Nine Underworld’s perspective, even if they failed to corrupt Feng Yunsheng, retrieving some of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil authority from Feng Yunsheng was crucial for them too.

Thinking of this, Yan Zhaoge immediately pushed his palm down, indicating to Feng Yunsheng that she could slow down a little without a hurry.

Since the Nine Underworlds were eager to ask for something, then Daoism had the chance to ask for more like a lion opening up its majestic mouth.

He first wrote in the air, leaving traces of light, “Ivory Cloud Realm Flag.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded.

But obviously, Primordial Heart Devil wouldn’t agree to this condition.

Although Nine Underworlds had ways to restrain treasures such as Ivory Cloud Realm Flag and Green Lotus Treasured Flag, Ivory Cloud Realm Flag could come in handy for them in a situation that they couldn’t restrain their enemy.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t mind. He kept pushing his limits and testing Nine Underworlds’ bottom line.

Then, he changed his goal – the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Seawater.

This time, Primordial Heart Devil simply agreed.

The Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Seawater countered the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, but orthodox Daoism already had Incongruence Divine Mother that could overcome the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag. So the seawater wasn’t quite needed, but it could be useful to guard against other factions.

Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner’s whereabouts were still unknown.

Although the orthodox Daoism’s descendants were trying their best to find this Jade Clear Lineage’s treasure, no one knew if this treasure would fall into the hands of the opponent.

It would be ironic if they were hindered by their own Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

After Yan Zhaoge struck a deal, he didn’t stop but motioned Feng Yunsheng to probe further.

But then, Nine Underworlds was unwilling to lose anymore.

Yan Zhaoge and the others looked at each other in dismay. Then, they nodded to Feng Yunsheng in unison.

In the end, the negotiation moved on to a heated bargain for Feng Yunsheng’s Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority.

Although it was necessary to give up part of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority to Nine Underworlds, its proportion depended on the negotiation.

The situation was different from the past. The orthodox Daoism had enough confidence to face the challenge from Nine Underworlds. Both sides could fight equally.

Feng Yunsheng set a date with Primordial Heart Devil calmly, “In this case, we shall meet later.”

“Fellow Daoists, we’ll see you later,” uttered Primordial Heart Devil plainly.

Feng Yunsheng cut off the connection with Nine Underworlds and looked at the others.

“Let’s contact Senior Suo and the Incongruence Divine Mother. We shall be prepared as much as possible.” Yan Zhaoge said, ” We need to inform the venturing Daoists Yang’s group know about this.”

Everyone nodded and left.

Yan Zhaoge took Feng Yunsheng’s palm and looked into her eyes. She smiled and shook her head, indicating that she was fine.

“We need to beware of the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil coming in person even though the possibility is quite low.” Yan Zhaoge said, “If the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil isn’t attending to it, it would probably be the Primordial Heart Devil or… Senior Brother Nie.”

Feng Yunsheng blinked, “Could it be since Senior Brother Nie will be coming, that’s why Nine Underworlds agreed so happily?”

Yan Zhaoge caressed his chin, “If Senior Brother Nie came, then I’ll give the Nine Underworlds a surprise, but I’m afraid they won’t do that.”

“

Oh?

” Feng Yunsheng raised her eyebrows and turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “I have asked you to raise the price and even requested the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag. However, my intention isn’t to reap more benefits.”

“Your goal is originally the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Seawater?” Feng Yunsheng pondered.

“Yup.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

“Even you have asked for the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Seawater, your goal isn’t to counter the treasures such as the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag. You have something else in mind?” Feng Yunsheng understood, “Your intention to request for the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag first before asking for the seawater isn’t just a bargaining tactic, but to mislead the Nine Underworlds Devil into thinking that you wanted the seawater to counter those banners.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded and smiled, “Exactly.”

“I don’t know what you are up to.” Feng Yunsheng shook her head and sighed, “However, when we meet, we need to get the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Seawater first. When you arrive at the scene, time will be running out. Will you be able to make use of it immediately?”

“That’s a great use of it, but I’m short of time. It takes time to prepare, but having just a little effect of it on the spot shall suffice.” Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples lightly.

Feng Yunsheng said, “Nine Underworlds helped the demon race last time, maybe other forces will intervene in this transaction between us and the demon race.”

Although it was an agreed deal, the transaction itself could get heated. It was even possible to evolve into a battle.

Daoism and Nine Underworlds didn’t want a fight to break out and let other factions reap the benefits unless it was a last resort.

Unfortunately, the situation was ever-changing, and the results were unpredictable. Therefore, it was best to be prepared for anything else happening.

“Nine Underworlds must have benefited from the demon race in that deal.” Yan Zhaoge murmured, “Most likely it has something to deal with the Kindling Devil Spirit in Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s hand.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.