Chapter 1682: Coercion

Chapter 1682: Coercion

The water was as clear as black jade with no waves, but it originated from the devilish sea at the core of the Nine Underworlds. It was said to be the most maligned entity, defeating even the blood-dyed river and the soil in the Land of Tranquil Stream.

Treasures like the Green Lotus Treasured Flag and the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag were the best at defense and protection, and they couldn’t stand against the pollution of the seawater.

Even the Nine Underworlds devil dared not approach the Abyss of Devilish Sea.

It even became a serious problem to get a container for storing the seawater for many cultivators.

However, it wasn’t a problem for the Daoism group. Suo Mingzhang spread out his palm, and the starlight lit up. When the brilliance expanded, he absorbed the black seawater into his storage.

Primordial Heart Devil smiled at this scene and nodded in admiration, “Fellow Daoist, you’re well deserved for the title ‘Heaven Reigning’.”

“You have praised me too much.” Suo Mingzhang replied lightly.

Primordial Heart Devil turned to look at Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, “So, next, can we start?”

“Yunsheng?” Yan Zhaoge heard the words and looked at Feng Yunsheng. She nodded and looked at Primordial Heart Devil calmly.

On the other side, Yu Ye looked at Nie Jingshen with a worried look on her face. Although Yue Zhenbei had a calm and solemn face, he also did not turn his eyes to the familiar figure in the past.

Nie Jingshen showed no emotional fluctuation on his face and no longer looked at Yu Ye and Yue Zhenbei. Instead, he turned around, stepped back into the darkness, and disappeared into the depths of the Land of Tranquil Stream.

Seeing his attitude without the slightest reluctance to leave, Yu Ye opened her mouth but still spoke nothing.

In Yue Zhenbei’s eyes, there was also a touch of pain.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng narrowed their eyes when they witnessed what had unfolded.

“Don’t you want to keep him with you?” Suo Mingzhang asked aloud at this moment, ignoring the presence of Primordial Heart Devil in front of him.

“We couldn’t.” Yan Zhaoge replied softly as he watched Nie Jingshen disappear.

Since Nie Jingshen didn’t stay by himself, it became too difficult to take him away from Nine Underworlds forcibly.

After all, he was a supreme devil who had already attained Grand Heavenly Realm, displaying excellent strength.

What’s more? There were Nine Underworlds Great Devil such as Primordial Heart Devil watching on the side.

Even if orthodox Daoism assembled all their powerhouses to attack together, they would only be provoking the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil in the end.

At that time, even if they utilized Immortal Extermination Formation, both sides would suffer a great loss. Western Pure Lands, demon races and heretics would be benefited instead.

The point was that neither side would win, and the transaction would be senseless. Nie Jingshen still wouldn’t return to Daoism.

However, Yan Zhaoge secretly noted how Jingshen left in his heart and came into deep thoughts.

“Let’s chat after going back,” said Yan Zhaoge. Then, North Ocean Clone and Pan Pan appeared simultaneously and took Yu Ye and Yue Zhenbei out of the meet-up place.

Primordial Heart Devil still kept the smile on his face, as if he didn’t mind Suo Mingzhang’s proposal or Yan Zhaoge’s actions. He just smiled and nodded to Feng Yunsheng, “In that case, let’s start.”

While speaking, a colorful Iridescent Cloud appeared on the top of the old man’s head. Darkness bloomed in the center of the Iridescent Cloud. It was pure evil, spreading in the Iridescent Cloud quickly like ink.

The Iridescent Cloud was dyed black in an instant but still glowed.

Yan Zhaoge and others looked closely. The black Iridescent Cloud vaguely reflected the appearance of an abyss.

A depressing and frantic aura pervaded. Even with their cultivation, Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Suo Mingzhang still felt a little restless.

As if the deepest core of the Abyss of Devilish Sea descended here in front of them.

In the depths of the devilish sea, twelve pillars faintly appeared. They were scattered and irregularly arranged with different heights and thicknesses; there seemed to be no regularity at all.

It innately harbored a different truth that was mysterious and unpredictable. At the same time, it was contradictory to the world’s truth, forming its style and everlasting conflicting nature.

On the top of the twelve pillars, some were empty, and some were looming with a figure sitting in a lotus position on it.

On one of the pillars with nothing at the top, a bloody mist gradually rose at this time.

The bloody mist floated up slowly and flew out of the pitch-black Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea. It seeped into the black Iridescent Cloud and materialized before approaching Yan Zhaoge’s group.

“Fellow Daoist,” said Primordial Heart Devil politely.

Feng Yunsheng was unfazed. The darkness looming above her head revealed a chaotic abyss, which looked somewhat similar to the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea and the primordial gulf before the world’s creation.

The dark and chaotic abyss spread to the periphery, and the blurred edge came into contact with the bloody mist. Soon, the mist began to have a clear outline.

Feng Yunsheng’s body trembled slightly.

The originally dark and obscure chaos began to become more and more detailed. In the end, it was like boiling water.

“

Hu

—” Feng Yunsheng let out a long breath and shook her head at Yan Zhaoge and Suo Mingzhang, indicating that she was fine.

Nothing came about on that pillar, which was also the source of the bloody mist, in the Nine Underworlds devilish sea projected from the black Iridescent Cloud above the Primordial Heart Devil’s head.

However, from Yan Zhaoge’s point of view, the pillar itself seemed to have changed slightly.

The pillar became more obscure and darker than before. It became increasingly blurred, hollow, and tougher to see in the dark abyss.

The bloody mist became thicker, darker, and even gradually turned black.

“You guys are going too far.” Feng Yunsheng snorted suddenly.

Even though the chaotic abyss above her head became turbulent, she remained calm, making her vibe profound and unpredictable.

The bloody mist seemed unwilling to give up. It still latched on to the abyss concept Feng Yunsheng had manifested with her martial art concept.

“Fellow Daoist’s words aren’t quite accurate. If the transaction ends like this, we will not only gain nothing but also lose a lot.” Primordial Heart Devil still smiled, like a hawker in the vegetable market preoccupied with bargaining.

However, Yan Zhaoge and Suo Mingzhang were still well-aware of how dangerous was the transaction the two sides made. Therefore, any mishap would bring a significant impact later on.

“So, you’re trying to trade using coercion?” Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows slightly.

It appeared that while Feng Yunsheng gave up some of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil authority and returned it to Nine Underworlds, she also gained some benefits from Nine Underworlds. Hence, the Primordial Heart Devil said that the Nine Underworlds would make losses rather than gains if the deal ended here.

Sure enough, Yan Zhaoge was delighted to see the Nine Underworlds suffering the bitter end while his side earned more benefits. He immediately reached out a hand and put it on Feng Yunsheng’s back.

The bloody mist was at the gap between virtual and reality. It couldn’t be severed externally. Instead, the competition happened within Feng Yunsheng.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng seemed to have a heart-to-heart connection. Following Feng Yunsheng’s thoughts, he seemed to have a glimpse of the Nine Underworlds’ mysteries.

At this moment, as if they were close at hand, but also as if they were separated by the end of the world. The twelve pillars became more explicit in the sight of Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.