Chapter 1683: Heart Devil’S Recovery

Chapter 1683: Heart Devil’s Recovery

The twelve pillars gradually became clear. At this moment, faces seemed to have emerged from the bloody mist.

There were faces of males and females, old and young, but Yan Zhaoge was unfamiliar to most of them.

Yan Zhaoge had devoted himself to the study of Nine Underworlds for many years, and the only reason the faces were novel to him was that he hadn’t interacted with these people in person.

However, he had seen the images of quite a few of them.

The collection of these people all started from the Primitive era when heaven and earth were established. They had gone through many years until now. One after another, they had fallen into demons.

Later, faces of Yan Zhaoge’s acquaintances appeared.

There were Yin Shiyang (who used to practice sword skills with his grandfather), Chu Heng (Chu Lili’s father), Chu Lili, Chen Xuanzong, and Ying Yuzhen (Shi Jun’s mother).

In the end, the face presented in front of Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng was Nie Jingshen.

But unlike other figures, Nie Jingshen’s image gradually materialized, standing between the twelve pillars.

Beside him, there was an even darker shadow, standing side by side with him.

“Sure enough, Wood Devil and…Devil of Aged Metal.” Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng weren’t surprised.

The Doomsday Heavenly Devil hadn’t descended into the world. Hence, the other Great Devils had to shoulder the responsibility to compete for Feng Yunsheng’s authority.

Dao Ancestor’s Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was concerned about involving other Dao Ancestors and Immortal Extermination Formation. So, it became inconvenient for him to attend to this matter in person. So, in the end, the devil who presided over the ritual and competed with Feng Yunsheng for the authority must be among the six Extinct Devils.

Among them, Shadow Devil was in a unique situation. He could only assist from the side, and the main driving force was Nie Jingshen.

At this moment, Feng Yunsheng even had a feeling of standing face to face against Nie Jingshen with the two looking directly at each other.

In the depths of Nine Underworlds Sea, Nie Jingshen’s dark gold sword-light rose into the sky, baring its fangs in an instant.

The vigorous sword-light condensed and compressed, soon hiding its fang but appeared dignified.

From a certain point of view, the dark gold sword-light seemed capable of competing with Feng Yunsheng’s encompassing abyss.

Under the Shadow Devil’s assistance, Feng Yunsheng had the illusion of facing the whole world alone.

Luckily, Yan Zhaoge was beside her in the face of this threat.

However, when Yan Zhaoge took action, the Primordial Heart Devil on the opposite side also acted.

There was a reason why Nie Jingshen and Shadow Devil presided over the ritual against Feng Yunsheng rather than the leader of the six Extinct Devils.

“You virtuous couple has always been forthright. Since the exchange was agreed in advance, why have you both become so uneasy now?” The old man said with a smile.

As he spoke, there was a multicolored brilliance between his pupils.

Immediately after, Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Suo Mingzhang felt a little restless, and their spirits became unstable.

“You must be kidding me. We agreed to have a deal, but it’s a different matter for the quantity. If you’re coercing the trade, you’re too greedy,” said Yan Zhaoge lightly.

Suo Mingzhang, who was on the side, snorted coldly. After that, he just punched the Primordial Heart Devil directly without saying much.

The punch had seemingly brought along the entire galaxy together, rushing towards the Primordial Heart Devil with a mighty momentum that spanned across the universe.

Primordial Heart Devil smiled slightly, standing in place without moving, neither dodging nor resisting.

However, his body seemed to have become illusory. He had become isolated from everything in this world.

Suo Mingzhang’s majestic power capable of destroying earth lost its target. Instead, the damage passed through the illusory figure of the Primordial Heart Devil.

“

Huh?

” Suo Mingzhang’s punch had failed. He immediately withdrew his strength. His palm seemed to pierce the Primordial Heart Devil’s chest and stayed there.

The old man in front of him was still standing there with a smile on his face.

“He has already healed!” Once Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng saw this scene, they quickly came to a realization.

The Primordial Heart Devil had mysterious magical powers, neither life nor death, everlasting and immortal.

The vast majority of existences in this world, even the Grand Heavenly Realm powerhouses, could hardly hurt him.

This Great Devil had countless clones and was ubiquitous.

He didn’t exist in time and space but existed in the heart of every sentient being. Some could materialize while some couldn’t.

However, there were always exceptions in the world. There would always be a small number of people who could hurt the Primordial Heart Devil.

Especially when Primordial Heart Devil was seriously injured in the past, it made him vulnerable.

Suo Mingzhang was equipped with Supreme Martial Arts, and he had long understood the Truth. In the state change of illusory and reality, the Primordial Heart Devil in the past couldn’t avoid his attack.

Unless the Primordial Heart Devil’s injury had been healed, and he had returned to his prime state!

This devil is putting up an act all along.

The smile on Primordial Heart Devil’s face didn’t diminish, but the multicolored light gradually subsided in his pupils. They were no longer dazzling and no longer colorful.

The brilliance in his pupils was like ordinary sunlight at this time. It was inconspicuous but warm and genial. It couldn’t be more natural.

As soon as this sight appeared, the pressure on Yan Zhaoge and others suddenly soared. Their minds and spirits were disturbed and distracted.

At this moment, there seemed to be Shao Junhuang’s figure trembling in front of Suo Mingzhang.

The scenes from the past flashed through their minds quickly. Eventually, they bid farewell in silence, but they didn’t expect that farewell to be forever.

By the time they met again, the lover had passed away. There was only the Canghua Heavenly Tree that bloomed quietly in front of him, leaving nothing but loneliness.

Shao Junhuang’s image on Canghua Heavenly Tree before death lingered. The voice, face, and smile kept echoing in Suo Mingzhang’s heart for a long time.

In the end, the face that appeared in front of Suo Mingzhang was his expressionless face.

That exact same face had looked at him calmly and asked lightly, “She is gone, and you have changed yourself for her. If that’s the case, why didn’t you give in? She is already dead. What’s the point of doing this now?”

“Just to make yourself feel better?”

Feng Yunsheng also felt the ups and downs in her heart. It was like a movie of her life was showing in her mind.

When she was young, her fate in Eight Extremities World had encountered many ups and downs.

After arriving in World beyond Worlds, she fell into Nine Underworlds and barely survived. Although she didn’t perish and earned some rewards, there were still constant worries, like walking on thin ice.

Her journey to her achievement today was conscientious and diligent. She was almost reaching the peak, but where was the road ahead?

There was a face that was the same as her. It asked calmly like a still lake, “Now, is this the life you want? To revive Daoism? That is Yan Zhaoge or someone else’s ambition. What is your ambition? Is your goal in life now to help your partner?”

“Will you always live only for others?”

Yan Zhaoge didn’t know the situation of Suo Mingzhang and Feng Yunsheng, but he guessed that his situation was similar to theirs.

At this moment, he was slightly in a trance, and the scene in front of him was also changing.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.