Chapter 1686: Nine Underworlds’ True Intention

Chapter 1686: Nine Underworlds’ True Intention

After listening to Yan Zhaoge’s sarcastic words, Origin Heart Devil wasn’t angry but threw Yan Zhaoge a deep glance again.

He had been on guard of Yan Zhaoge because of the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual. Prior to this event, he had thought it through for a long time and continually improved his art to prevent Yan Zhaoge from taking advantage of the ritual.

However, he never expected that Yan Zhaoge would make a move with the newly-acquired seawater.

In retrospect, it seemed Yan Zhaoge’s goal in requesting for the seawater from the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea as part of the transaction wasn’t to deal with treasures such as the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, but for the current event.

Origin Heart Devil found it pretty ironic at this moment.

Just when the two factions first met, he gave Yan Zhaoge’s group the seawater in the Nine Underworlds. As they turned hostile to each other, his work helped Feng Yunsheng take advantage of the previous confrontation.

Even more so, Suo Mingzhang held the seawater at the beginning to lower the Nine Underworlds’ guard on this.

The Origin Heart Devil wasn’t enraged at all. Instead, his gaze at Yan Zhaoge grew more cautious.

His gaze swept across Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Suo Mingzhang. Then, he commanded the rest of the devils to retreat into the darkness.

Yan Zhaoge and others didn’t pursue the devils but turned to look to the other side.

In the distance, separated by thousands of mountains and rivers, Buddha lights and demonic qi were looming. Although both factions were wary of each other, most of their attention was dedicated to Daoism and Nine Underworlds.

At this time, seeing that Daoism and Nine Underworlds didn’t break out in a fight, the Buddha lights and demonic qi gradually dispersed.

Similarly, the other Daoism bigwigs also disappeared and stopped descending into this area.

As to whether Daoism attained any gains from the overall situation, Yan Zhaoge and his group would naturally inform everyone later.

So, the turbulent void a moment ago became empty at this moment, leaving only the Yan Zhaoge’s trio.

The Land of Tranquil Stream broke into pieces, no longer existing.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Feng Yunsheng and Suo Mingzhang at this time, “Are you both alright?”

“I’m fine.” Suo Mingzhang raised his right hand, which was still soaked with a layer of water.

The previously transparent and colorless water glimmers had returned to be colorful and radiant.

However, these colorful water lights gradually faded under Suo Mingzhang’s Heaven Severing Scripture.

Feng Yunsheng closed her eyes at this time and stood in the void without speaking.

There was no pain nor anything peculiar signs on her face, it was more like she was in deep thoughts.

After a long time, Feng Yunsheng opened her eyes and nodded to Yan Zhaoge and Suo Mingzhang, “I’m fine too.”

After a short pause, her following sentence was shocking, “The Nine Underworlds wanted to break the seal that suppressed the Origin Heavenly Devil.”

“

Oh?

” When Yan Zhaoge and Suo Mingzhang heard those words, their eyes narrowed slightly.

Although the Origin Heavenly Devil was sealed as early as the Primitive era and had never reappeared, that existence still made everyone fearful.

He was the true answer to the devilish path, the source, and the ancestor. He had ranked first among the Twelve Devilish Gods, the first Ancestral Devil, the leader of all devils.

His original title should be the Primordial Heavenly Devil.

Later, he lost when faced against Primordial Heavenly Lord, the founder of Jade Clear Daoism, in the competition for the origin power of creating the world. So then, he had renamed himself as the Origin Heavenly Devil.

But even so, the first patriarch of the devilish path was marvelous. Even after an eternity, he was still feared and sung by the world.

Although the Origin Heavenly Devil was suppressed until now, it was primarily because of the defeat from the Primordial Heavenly Lord, losing the Primordial title.

Otherwise, would he be suppressed all along without any means for a comeback? After all, he was in the Dao Realm.

After that, the Primordial Heavenly Lord had transcended, making it even more difficult for the Origin Heavenly Devil to be free.

Unlike when the Tathagata Buddha suppressed the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, others feared the transcended Tathagata Buddha.

Given the importance of the Origin Heavenly Devil to the devils, the Nine Underworlds devil group naturally invested all they had to break off the seal.

Even though the devils were largely suppressed, there was still the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil supporting them. However, outside of power alone, there were other considerations to break off the Primordial Heavenly Lord’s seal.

“I see…” Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh, “They planned deliberately to induce Senior Brother Nie into the devilish path, but their focus isn’t on Devil of Aged Metal, but on the Origin Heavenly Devil.”

Suo Mingzhang raised his eyebrows, “Earlier Heaven Nascent Form?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Earlier Heaven Nascent Form being the most superior form in innate talent. It was the form that signified the beginning of all things, the phenomenon of the peerless infinity.”

Therefore, Nie Jingshen’s understanding of the secrets of peerless would make his path not as bumpy as Yin Tianxia was back then.

Yin Tianxia and others had the Peerless Dao as the foundation. The growing journey would be difficult without Peerless Heavenly Scripture, the first Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Scriptures. Attainment on Tranquil Profound Immortal Realm was likely to be the end.

Certainly, they could opt to convert into Grand ClearTaiyi Fist or Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture. However, changing their principles would alter their foundation directly.

Even if Nie Jingshen didn’t possess Peerless Heavenly Scripture, he could study the Jade Clear Peerless Sword, and his path won’t be as difficult as others. Although the attainment of the Dao Realm was impossible, he had hopes of attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm. Once he reached that height, the path itself would be much clearer and smoother.

This was one of the marvels about his Early Heaven Nascent Form.

That was the main reason why the Nine Underworlds targeted him!

Getting a body suitable for the resurrection of Devil of Aged Metal wasn’t their primary goal.

“So, that’s the Nine Underworlds’ true intention.” Feng Yunsheng whispered, “Brother Nie isn’t a compatible body for Devil of Aged Metal, but also a suitable body for Origin Heavenly Devil.”

“Nie Jingshen isn’t the first person in the world to be born in the Earlier Heaven Nascent Form. Although this physique is rare, it isn’t unique in history.” Suo Mingzhang said slowly, “But, how come the Nine Underworlds didn’t commit any actions previously? Shattering the seal limiting the Origin Heavenly Devil requires more than one condition.”

“That condition only matters close to the time when Doomsday Heavenly Devil is born.” Feng Yunsheng sighed, “The end is also the beginning.”

Suo Mingzhang’s expression remained calm, and he nodded, “So that’s the case. Nine Underworlds seems to be plotting for the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.”

“Twelve Devilish Gods Formation…” Yan Zhaoge said slowly, “Everyone is plotting for something from the Nine Underworlds game, and the same is true for Nine Underworlds.”

“We’re being the closest to failure when we’re also being the closest to success.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Yeah…”

Her entanglement with the Nine Underworlds seemed to be reaching the end.

I knew there would be an imminent disaster, but now I finally get to see the truth gradually.

Yan Zhaoge changed the topic, “Everyone is plotting their gains in this upcoming game. How many people knew about your matters with Brother Nie at the beginning? It seems like a couple of people sat and watched everything happen and even encouraged the event along.”

His eyes were gloomy and cold.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.