Chapter 1684: What’S Real?

Chapter 1684: What’s Real?

There were busy traffic and high-rise buildings.

In front of Yan Zhaoge was the world built with concrete with car honks surrounding his ears.

Yan Zhaoge watched this scene quietly, narrowing his eyes.

It wasn’t the scene of the Great Calamity that haunted even in the dreams but many things buried in the depths of his memory.

It had been too long ago. He might accidentally think of these events when familiar names such as Great Sage Equalling Heavens, Erlang Deity Yang Jian, Ne Zha the Third Crown Prince, and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva were mentioned.

However, it was nothing more than recalling some myths and legends in his previous world relating to some documents, some video images, etc. Those things were barely related to his current life.

At the same time, most of the information that had nothing to do with the present world had surfaced like bubbles. At the next moment, they all sank back to the bottom of his heart without a trace.

It had been so long that Yan Zhaoge subconsciously thought that his experience at Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace before the Great Calamity was his past.

Many things might have been buried for a while, but they were still there and had never really been forgotten.

Yan Zhaoge blinked, looking at the same face in front of him.

“Did you also suspect that everything in front of you is unreal?” The other party said calmly, “In this world, the legends that you are familiar with in your initial memory are the same, but there are also many differences. Have you ever thought about why? Is it just your dream, where you combine your memories, expand your thinking, and make the legends in your memories change?”

“Or, is everything in the past a dream?”

“Are we dreaming as a butterfly or the butterfly escape from the dream? What is real and what is unreal…” Before he finished speaking, the image in front of Yan Zhaoge trembled.

High-rise buildings collapsed, streets twisted, and the sky crumbled. Everything was like a sandcastle, collapsing and turning into grains of fine sand.

The other “self” in front of him disappeared.

After Yan Zhaoge was in a trance for a while, he regained his senses. The scene in front of him had returned to normal, the same as before.

He was still standing beside Feng Yunsheng with one hand pressed against her back.

The abyss had condensed on the top of Feng Yunsheng’s head, with the bloody mist kept lingering around it.

The source of the bloody mist was the old man standing opposite. Shadows tumbled in the black Iridescent Cloud above his head, and the scene changed.

Suo Mingzhang stood in front of the old man.

Suo Mingzhang’s palm still penetrated the old man’s chest.

However, at the moment, Suo Mingzhang’s body was exuding a faint glow. The glow condensed into various inscriptions. Under the arrangement, it turned into a heavy barrier, engulfing Suo Mingzhang, Yan Zhaoge, and Feng Yunsheng.

The tall, short-haired man stared at the Primordial Heart Devil with icy cold eyes.

The old man sighed, “Heavy reigning… A well-deserved reputation!”

Suo Mingzhang didn’t say a word. He was shrouded entirely as if separating a world on its own. It was a unique brilliance that expanded wider and farther around.

Wherever the barrier had covered, there were illusory streams of light in the void that were constantly being cut off, isolating the inside and outside.

The Primordial Heart Devil’s figure swayed like water ripples at this moment.

During this process, his body that didn’t seem to belong to this world, like a dream bubble, had gradually materialized. It occurred that elements in this world could touch him.

Suo Mingzhang’s fist that penetrated the devil’s chest was still surging with endless starlight and eternal flames of the sun.

At this moment, the old man frowned slightly, as if he finally felt a sense of discomfort. He could feel the scorching heat from Suo Mingzhang’s fist and the destructive power contained in the fist.

“The next generation is terrifying.” Primordial Heart Devil sighed softly. His body gradually became transparent, as if it was about to disintegrate into a streamer.

However, Suo Mingzhang clenched his fists tightly, as if he had turned into a bottomless black hole which even the light couldn’t escape, pulling the Primordial Heart Devil’s current body in.

Primordial Heart Devil’s eyes flashed slightly. There seemed to be water permeating from his body, soaking Suo Mingzhang’s arm.

Suo Mingzhang groaned and ran the profound Heaven Severing Scripture, blocking the Primordial Heart Devil’s counterattack.

The confrontation between the two sides wasn’t as sharp as the sword battles like ordinary martial art practitioners. However, its intensity wasn’t inferior to a swordfight but even surpassed it.

Primordial Heart Devil continued the onslaught on Suo Mingzhang’s psychological defenses, attempting to break through them. He wanted to shatter the barrier from within. After all, he knew what Suo Mingzhang was thinking. If he had pushed Suo Mingzhang into the devilish abyss within the heart, unable to withdraw from it, he would have won without the battle.

While resisting the Primordial Heart Devil’s assault, Suo Mingzhang restrained and deciphered the devil’s magic, forcibly dragging the devil out of the dream into reality so that he could inflict a heavy blow upon the devil.

Suo Mingzhang fought against the Archaic Dipankara Buddha with 24 Sea Suppressing Pearl in the previous battle for Immortal Extermination Formation. That battle made him well-known across the universe.

Unfortunately, his personal experience gave Primordial Heart Devil a chance.

Primordial Heart Devil was indeed a more challenging opponent for Suo Mingzhang to deal with compared to the other experts of the same level.

Grand Heavenly Immortal naturally had a solid fortitude with very few could shake it.

However, if someone could do that, the answer would be the Primordial Heart Devil, the source of the devil in the world.

Especially the Primordial Heart Devil had recovered from his injuries and returned to his peak state.

Under the mind corruption of the Primordial Heart Devil in its peak state, even the Grand Heavenly Realm powerhouses with a flaw in their state of mind would be defeated swiftly.

Primordial Heart Devil had been hailed as the leader of the Extinct Devils, the champion devil under Dao Realm. It was by no means a fluke and not because of his immortality.

However, Suo Mingzhang was so marvelous that the Primordial Heart Devil struggled to defeat.

Despite so, Primordial Heart Devil wasn’t in no hurry.

Even though Suo Mingzhang’s divine light protected Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng at the moment, the slight moment of daze was enough for Nie Jingshen and Shadow Devil in Nine Underworlds to gain the upper hand.

The bloody mist swept through. Feng Yunsheng groaned, and the chaotic abyss above her head shook again. Its mightiness subsided like vapor from the boiled water.

In the dark Iridescent Cloud and the sea of abyss, the pillar that symbolized the Doomsday Heavenly Devil grew more illusory and more ferocious.

Feng Yunsheng was disturbed by the Primordial Heart Devil and lost her initiative. The situation deteriorated rapidly.

Even if she came back to her senses in time and tried to halt it, she couldn’t.

Signs of disintegration gradually appeared on the chaotic abyss atop her head. The bloody mist spread to her as if it wanted to suck her directly into the Nine Underworlds.

Yan Zhaoge’s palm was close to Feng Yunsheng’s back. He naturally understood the changes in the situation.

His other hand immediately sketched in the void, incarnating a talisman.

“Senior Suo.” Yan Zhaoge called out softly. Starlight flew out from Suo Mingzhang’s sleeves and shot at Yan Zhaoge.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.