Chapter 1698: Spectating The Battle

Chapter 1698: Spectating the Battle

The red light punctured a hole in the golden sea of fire.

Then, a golden light flew out from the red light, coming toward Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

Yan Zhaoge looked closely, and it seemed to be a golden brick.

A purple light flickered above Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s head. He seemed to have expected the oncoming golden brick long ago. A Sea Suppressing Pearl was sent over as he waved his hand, blocking the golden brick.

But right behind the golden brick, Ne Zha came attacking from the gap.

At this moment, Ne Zha was holding other treasures besides the two Fire-tipped Spears.

In terms of appearance, he now had three heads and six arms instead of two heads and four arms in his previous form!

For the two newly extended arms, one arm held the Circle of Yin Yang, and the other wielded the Yin Yang Sword after throwing out the golden brick.

The already existing four arms were still armed with Fire-tipped Spears on each side. Ne Zha waved one of his spears at an incoming Sea Suppressing Pearl.

The other Fire-tipped Spear cut through the resistance with its indomitable momentum. He split open a gap in the fire and broke through the encirclement.

“Heaven Opening Scripture, Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture, Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture, Spatial Heavenly Scripture…” Yan Zhaoge, who watched the battle, noticed the profundities laid in the four Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Scriptures from Ne Zha’s spear.

It seemed Ne Zha’s strength wasn’t only limited to his treasures and the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form.

What he has learned was equally exquisite, living up the name as an elite among the third generation of Jade Clear Lineage.

Not only did he thoroughly comprehend the Supreme Martial Arts taught by his master Taiyi Cultivated Deity, but he had also integrated his unique insights into the arts.

His martial art techniques made reference to the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, but it wasn’t merely a simple fusion. Instead, Ne Zha thoroughly understood it and invented his unique style after integrating those bits of knowledge. Hence, there was a stark difference to his master, Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Ne Zha’s martial art concept was sharp and indomitable, which was fully displayed in his spear arts, making it invincible to pierce anything.

The essence was to bring about infinite changes according to the situation when facing the enemy.

Moreover, even if Ne Zha only exerted one martial art technique, such as fighting purely on Jade Clear Lineage Supreme Martial Arts, he could manage it easily.

After all, among the third generation Jade Clear Lineage powerhouses, Ne Zha’s accomplishments in Heaven Opening Scripture were recognized to be the first. He was even more outstanding than other Supreme Martial Arts practitioners who only concentrated on this art.

At this moment, he had conjured the alternate form with three heads and six arms. Also, he had all his treasures equipped in his hands and ran all the martial art techniques at his disposal as he lunged at Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

With the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form and the Chaotic Heavenly Twill providing the defenses, the golden pagoda and the five-colored light of the Sea Suppressing Pearl didn’t work for him. The Archaic Dipankara Buddha had a hard time trapping him.

Since his plan had failed, he had come up with another plan.

The 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls had all enlarged, manifesting a universe and surrounding Ne Zha from all directions. It occurred that Dipankara Buddha intended to trap him in the middle and then slowly consume him with the domineering golden flames.

However, Ne Zha was proficient in Jade Clear Spatial Heavenly Scripture and Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture. With the Wheels of Wind and Fire under his feet, he was pretty proficient in the movement arts.

So the Archaic Dipankara Buddha was still unable to trap Ne Zha. With that happening, Ne Zha leaped out from the besiegement and inched over again.

Ne Zha delivered consecutive stabs. However, the purple lights in the Buddha Light cluster behind Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s head had effectively predicted and deflected his attacks.

With some anticipation of the incoming attack and the same excellent movement art support, “Lotuses Steps”, Archaic Dipankara Buddha deciphered Ne Zha’s stormy onslaughts and nullified them accordingly.

“It is similar to the Jade Clear Lineage Origin Heavenly Scripture, but it is inclined toward Buddhism.” Yan Zhaoge looked aside, thinking in his heart, “However, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha is accomplished on this art…”

Ne Zha was indomitable with his form having three heads and six arms, but Archaic Dipankara Buddha also had Sea Suppressing Pearl with him.

The five-colored light couldn’t stun Ne Zha’s thoughts and actions, but the Sea Suppressing Pearls’ might should not be underestimated.

Both sides exchanged moves in a heated battle.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha had a geographical advantage. His every move drew power upon the vast Buddha light in the Western Pure Lands, enhancing his state, making his power magnificent and boundless.

At the same time, under the blessing of the Supreme Buddhism’s Doctrine, it seemed that the Dipankara Buddha had traces of compassion and majesty approaching the level of Amitabha. Such momentum had a potent suppressive effect on the souls, imposing the desire to pray and convert faith into the opponent’s mind.

Even Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, who were spectating the battle, had to be distracted to resist the influence of Buddhism’s doctrine.

However, Ne Zha’s combat style was similar to Feng Yunsheng, Suo Mingzhang, and others. The longer the battle, the more pumped up he would be.

In actual combat, this development would bring extraordinary results.

The opponent seemed to have limitless power, with the surrounding environment continuously weakening and suppressing him.

This situation was highly unfavorable. Ne Zha had to adapt to the surrounding environment and constantly adjust as time went on.

It was easier said than done. However, the necessity to make accurate judgments and adjustments when fighting a formidable opponent such as Archaic Dipankara Buddha was a tricky feat to achieve.

At the later stage of the battle, Ne Zha’s strength didn’t decline, but he had instead become more and more adaptable to the current environment.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha still had the upper hand, but it didn’t serve his original goal.

However, he still looked calm and didn’t seem disappointed.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha was not discouraged, even his plan to end this battle quickly had failed. So he decisively changed his approach into an endurance battle.

At this moment, he prioritized self-preservation, not seeking advancement but prioritizing being flawless instead.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha, who had always occupied the Western Pure Lands’ geographical advantage, put down his pride and adopted a passive approach. Ne Zha couldn’t do much about it for a while.

“At least they’re still exchanging moves. Archaic Dipankara Buddha hasn’t gone all out yet.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin.

“Going all out completely?” Yan Di raised his eyebrows, “He is determined in holding a firm defense and even conjure a universe with the remaining 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls for self-protection.”

The father and son were watching the battle. They had imagined themselves in their shoes and role-played the battle to study how they should face the opponent, how to defuse the opponent’s offense or break through the opponent’s defense.

Watching the confrontation between the two elites at Grand Heavenly Realm was enlightening for them.

Yan Zhaoge also noticed that in addition to the Buddhas with high cultivation, such as Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Vajrapramardi Buddha, there were also Bodhisattva and Arhats with relatively low cultivation among the spectators.

Although their understanding couldn’t reach the height of the father-and-son duo, watching this battle would outbeat countless years of cultivation.

It was a real-time elite battle. Even if two Buddhist bigwigs stimulated a battle, it was challenging to have this learning efficacy.

“Archaic Dipankara Buddha looks like he doesn’t want to get hurt. That’s understandable, but the question is, how can he defeat Ne Zha?” Yan Zhaoge frowned, “Ne Zha won’t accept the result of a tie. So is he going to keep dragging the battle to wear down Ne Zha one day?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.