Chapter 1695: Into The Western Pure Lands

Chapter 1695: Into The Western Pure Lands

“I quite agree with what you said.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity nodded, “That being the case, I have to trouble you and Yang Jian for my disciple’s duel. I shall wait outside and decipher Dipankara Buddha’s intention.”

Yan Zhaoge asked, “Are we not waiting for Brother Yang?”

“That won’t be necessary. The younger generation has outshined the seniors and even me. So you don’t need an old man like me to meddle in?” Taiyi Cultivated Deity cheered, “It’s just that my disciple isn’t young anymore, but he’s still worrying.”

Ne Zha was a little embarrassed by the side, “Master, how can I be as bad as you said?”

“You need to be cautious.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity shook his head and said, “We’re in the Western Pure Lands this time. Fight him in your capabilities. If the situation is not right, act flexibly and cooperate with Little Friend Yan. Come out first, and then we’ll make plans again.”

“It isn’t a big deal. We will have another chance in the future to seek Dipankara Buddha.”

Hearing Taiyi Cultivated Deity’s remarks, Ne Zha was annoyed, “Master, are you on the enemy’s side, raising their momentum while trampling our energy?”

“Anyway, just be careful.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity waved his sleeves, bid farewell to his apprentice and Yan Zhaoge’s group, then turned around and left.

After Taiyi Cultivated Deity left, Ne Zha turned his head to look at Western Pure Lands and growled, “As long as Amitabha and Mahamayuri don’t meddle in, the Western Pure Lands isn’t the tiger’s den.”

“However, we may face other adversaries,” said Yan Zhaoge.

Then, he asked Ne Zha with great interest, “Speaking of which, does fellow Daoist brother has a way to counteract the Sea Suppressing Pearls?”

“After I succeeded in the incarnation of the lotus flower, I’m no longer afraid of the dazzling light from the Sea Suppressing Pearl, and it won’t hinder my movements.” Ne Zha replied, “But the Sea Suppressing Pearl itself is extremely heavy and numerous besides displaying that ability. So when the time comes, we can only adapt to the situation and look for opportunities.”

“He originally has 24 Sea Suppressing Pearls. With 6 of them gone missing, it is no longer complete. We have many chances this time.”

Although Ne Zha was hot-tempered, he had experienced many battles. Talking about experiences facing Dipankara Buddha, none could compare to him.

Ne Zha was blinded with rage in this seemingly persistent and arrogant duel with the Archaic Dipankara Buddha. He had a clear understanding of this opponent, “On the contrary, the Ruyi Golden Pagoda in Li Jing’s possession came from Buddhism. I have to be careful about that Old Baldy Dipankara. That martial art restrains my Treasured Lotus Immortal Form.”

When Ne Zha killed Pagoda Bearing God Li Jing, he had destroyed the Ruyi Golden Pagoda that restrained him in Treasured Lotus Immortal Form.

However, Ne Zha wasn’t sure if Buddhism or somewhat Archaic Dipankara Buddha still had treasures to display the same restraining effect. Yan Zhaoge felt that he should be wary of this possibility.

If the opponent overcame Ne Zha’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form, Ne Zha would have to face the threat of Sea Suppressing Pearl even if it only happened momentarily.

Being dazzled by the Sea Suppressing Pearl, it would stun the victim’s soul. Once the Sea Suppressing Pearl came crushing, Ne Zha might not be able to dodge, which would result in a devastating blow right on his head.

“I have destroyed the Ruyi Golden Pagoda, and I vaguely realized some of the key tricks.” Ne Zha added, “If their restrain effects come from similar art, I have great chances to be invulnerable to it. “

Yan Zhaoge and others nodded slowly when they heard those confident words.

70% chance wasn’t flawless, but it was a positive outlook in the duel between the masters at this same level.

“Back then, that Old Baldy used the Ruyi Golden Pagoda to suppress me and then passed it on to Li Jing.” Ne Zha gritted his teeth, “Today, I must settle scores with him.”

“Just give you all you got for the upcoming battle, and don’t underestimate the enemy.” At this time, a voice sounded in the void. The sentence was followed by the emergence of a man wearing Fanned-Cloud Crown, traditional Daoist clothing, and a pair of hemp shoes on his feet — the young Daoist, Yang Jian.

“I have to trouble Senior Brother in helping me out today.” Ne Zha said eagerly, “If that’s the case, let’s head in.”

Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, and Yang Jian greeted each other one by one.

Feng Yunsheng said, “In that case, let’s be careful. I’ll stay outside.”

“Fellow Daoist.” Ne Zha thanked again and then headed to the Western Pure Lands first.

Yan Zhaoge followed along with Yan Di and Yang Jian. At the same time, Yan Zhaoge informed Yang Jian of his previously exchanged views with Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

“Your worries are not without possibility.” Yang Jian nodded, “If Master Taiyi, Master Southern Extremity, and the others attend as well, there should be no serious problem.”

“Maybe, I’m just overthinking,” replied Yan Zhaoge.

The group approached the Western Pure Lands. When the Buddhist doctrines and Buddhist scriptures sounded, a Bodhisattva appeared. The person who came was Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.

She looked at Ne Zha with a look of compassion, “Why do you have to stir up trouble like this?”

“Things have come to this point. You don’t have to dissuade me anymore, Bodhisattva.” Ne Zha said calmly, “Mu Zha died in the hands of my master. Samantabhadra Bodhisattva may hold grudges on it. I heard that he is also under your lecture after entering Buddhism. If you want to avenge him, I will shoulder the responsibility, so you don’t have to trouble my master any more.”

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva shook her head slightly and sighed, “Your family is complicated…”

“I’m not a family with them anymore.” Ne Zha cut off directly, “During the Great Calamity, the two of you, Bodhisattva and Mu Zha, didn’t take part in it. Hence, you still care about the relationship, but the master-and-disciple duo Dipankara and Li Jing have stirred up many troubles.”

“There were no conflicts between Mu Zha and me, but I couldn’t call him my ‘Second Brother’ after I killed Li Jing. So he was right, but I was even more right.”

Ne Zha said coldly, “All of these have to trace back to their source. Bodhisattva must know who’s the one who started all these then. Today’s battle is also for that reason.”

Ne Zha’s words put Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva out of words. But, she wasn’t angry and said calmly, “You are also a powerhouse now. So, you should know that if your obsession is too deep, it isn’t a good thing.”

“So, it’s the time for me to resolve my obsession today.” Ne Zha replied tit for tat.

During the conversation, the group set foot on Western Pure Lands.

What entered Yan Zhaoge’s eyes was the vast void shrouded in a faint golden light. One after another huge green lotus emerged in the void.

This zone was like a huge pond. Countless lotus flowers were blooming on the water surface, and it was impossible to see the edge at a glance.

The Pure Lands with countless Buddhist kingdoms.

Other Buddhism bigwigs who had cultivated their Blessed Lands were also gathered in the Western Pure Lands.

“Personally, I still hope Western Pure Lands can get along well with fellow Daoists.” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva glanced at Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, and Yang Jian.

“Of course, I also hope to get along well with you, Bodhisattva.” Yang Jian said with a smile, but the hidden meaning in his words was apparent at a glance.

Naturally, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva could understand it. She shook her head slightly and said no more, leading the crowd through the void full of green lotuses.

Yan Zhaoge and others were walking among the lotuses. They could vaguely perceive the many eyes from the Blessed Lands’ Buddhist kingdom paying attention to them.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.