Chapter 1700: Unruly

Chapter 1700: Unruly

Archaic Dipankara Buddha knew that he couldn’t defeat Ne Zha quickly and dragged on the fight with Ne Zha.

Having a geographical advantage, he wouldn’t hesitate to opt for an endurance battle. To avoid any potential harm, he prioritized his every move on self-defense and slowly wore down Ne Zha. His strategy seemed quite logical and understandable.

Ne Zha was a veteran of many battles. Of course, he understood that things would go wrong if the battle developed at this pace in the long run. If he advanced blindly and became impatient, he would give the opponent a chance. It would be wishful thinking to attain a victory in this state.

Therefore, although he kept pressuring the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and attacked rapidly, he was calm and maintained good pacing in his heart. His attacks weren’t chaotic but with the goal of finding the opponent’s flaw so that he could magnify his advantage and quickly end this battle.

In the end, being fast wasn’t the goal, but the victory was.

In Yang Jian’s eyes, Ne Zha was in this state during the start of the battle. As time passed, the situation gradually began to deviate.

Ne Zha was getting more and more impatient, not only in his combat style, but his mind had gradually become impatient and anxious.

This was obviously different from initial expectations. If it went on like this, the outcome would be out of control.

Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and Yang Jian looked at each other.

“He is directly involved, so he should notice something that we as bystanders couldn’t see?” Yan Di frowned, “Or is there a hidden injury distracting him from the battle, putting him in this state?”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Ne Zha and Archaic Dipankara Buddha, who were fighting, and murmured, “The Evil Qi’s murderous thoughts once stained Brother Ne Zha. However, with the help of Taiyi Cultivated Deity, they should have been purified with no aftermath left behind. Unfortunately, what’s happening right now seems like a sign of relapse.”

According to Taiyi Cultivated Deity, Ne Zha’s problem should not recur.

However, the enemies he faced this time were unique. In a full-fledged battle, it was possible to have unpredictable changes.

On the one hand, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha was strong enough to push Ne Zha to his limits.

On the other hand, Ne Zha hated the Buddha deeply, which was one of the reasons why he was stained with Evil Qi’s murderous thoughts in the first place.

“Buddha light is everywhere at this place. Of course, it will have a repressive effect, but there are both disadvantages and advantages. Pure Lands’ Buddhism’s doctrine had an equally good effect on suppressing Evil Qi’s murderous thoughts.” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “It stands to reason that Ne Zha shouldn’t have his old condition relapsing.”

Even if there was a possibility of relapse, it shouldn’t happen in the Western Pure Lands.

“Unless there are other reasons.” Yang Jian stood still, but a radiance suddenly appeared on his forehead. A vertical gap was split open in his skin.

An erect eye appeared on Yang Jian’s forehead, and the third eye scanned the universe.

Seeing this, Vajrapramardi Buddha, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, and others looked at each other and said, “We can’t hide it anymore.”

Yang Jian opened his third heavenly eye and stared at Ne Zha. He saw that Ne Zha seemed to be the same as usual, but in the depths of Ne Zha’s pupils, a colorful streamer loomed.

“Origin Heart Devil!” Yang Jian snorted coldly, “Dipankara Buddha, aren’t you shameless?”

Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s expression remained unchanged, and he said lightly, “Fellow Daoist, your accusation is overboard. Ne Zha has a serious grievance, giving a chance for Origin Heart Devil to invade. You really can’t blame me for that.”

“If Ne Zha feels unwell and wants to suppress his inner demons, we can conclude today’s battle here.”

“Keep dreaming!” Ne Zha snapped.

However, he immediately slowed down, suppressing and adjusting his state.

“Archaic Dipankara Buddha, you’re too shameless to push away your responsibility.” Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows, “This isn’t any other place, but the Western Pure Lands. Without the Amitabha and you agree to it, Origin Heart Devil won’t appear here.”

Ne Zha’s state of mind had loopholes because of his temper and anger towards the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

But with his self-control, it was enough to suppress the inner demon, killing it off so that it wouldn’t distract him.

However, if Origin Heart Devil took action personally, this would develop into great danger.

Especially now that Ne Zha was fighting against Archaic Dipankara Buddha, it might further magnify the problem and be taken advantage of by the Origin Heart Devil.

After Ne Zha suffered the calamity, he was reborn as a lotus incarnation and achieved Treasured Lotus Immortal Form. He had innate properties to resist against most of the vile arts in this world.

But Heart Devil essentially originated from itself, from the inside out, so Ne Zha’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form was equally helpless to it. Instead, he had to rely on himself.

Origin Heart Devil didn’t need to act aggressively. Instead, he could passively make the loophole bigger and bigger until it couldn’t be filled in the end.

This was precisely what his strength lay.

Ne Zha was already concentrating on fighting the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and the Origin Heart Devil had Buddhism assisting him in making a move covertly. Hence, even Ne Zha could hardly detect the secret plans.

At this moment, Ne Zha was naturally furious.

However, the more intense his emotional fluctuations, the easier it was for him to be invaded by the Origin Heart Devil, forcing Ne Zha to divert all his attention in stabilizing his state of mind.

“Dipankara, it seems that you don’t want a one-on-one battle, but two-on-two battle?” Yang Jian’s voice wasn’t loud, but the Land of Buddhism had signs of collapsing in an instant.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha smiled and said, “Fellow Daoist, your words are inaccurate. From the beginning to the end, I don’t want to provoke a war.”

“Since you agree to the fight, then everyone will follow the rules.” Yang Jian said quietly, “Now that you don’t follow the rules, then everyone doesn’t have to. So Ne Zha will take care of himself and let me entertain you. I don’t think Amitabha would mind.”

“You don’t have to take action for me, senior brother. I’ll be fine very soon,” replied Ne Zha. He stayed in his place while stepping on the void, resisting the intrusion of the Heart Devil.

He closed his eyes and waved at Yang Jian, Yan Zhaoge, and Yan Di, indicating that he was fine and could handle it properly.

Sure enough, after he stopped fighting, Ne Zha could stabilize his condition in a matter of seconds, given his capability.

His skin, which was as white as jade initially, was imbued with a layer of colorful light.

However, this colorful streamer was fleeting and soon disappeared.

Ne Zha reopened his eyes and stared at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha. He was about to speak when his expression changed slightly.

There was a faint black air coming out of him.

These black qi did not harm or entangle Ne Zha but instead looked like they had broken free from Ne Zha and were pulled away.

“This…” Ne Zha couldn’t help but stun.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge was puzzled at first. After he recalled another matter, he could not help but realize.

“Six-Eared Macaque!” Yan Zhaoge blurted out.

Yan Di, Yang Jian, and Ne Zha also understood the situation.

They had heard Yan Zhaoge speak about the relationship between Great Sage Equalling Heavens, Traveling Monk Sun, and Six-Eared Macaque before. They knew that Six-Eared Macaque was transformed by Traveling Monk Sun’s Heart Devil in the past.

It was a once-in-a-lifetime spectacle that happened under the combination of many factors. As a result, it was difficult for the Nine Underworlds group devil to duplicate this scenario and benefit themselves.

But it seemed that Origin Heart Devil was clearly going to reproduce the original Six-Eared Macaque incident, incurring Ne Zha’s Heart Devil to produce another unparalleled powerhouse!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.