Chapter 203: The Heaven Returning Divine Pill

HSSB203: The Heaven Returning Divine Pill

Looking at Yuan Zhengfeng, Yan Zhaoge also smiled, “I was too hasty in my speech; I seek Grand Master’s punishment.”

Yuan Zhengfeng smiled, waving his hands, “No matter; the problem exposed by the matter at Clear Concealed Lake this time is indeed extremely shocking.”

The old man let out a long sigh towards the heavens, “The encroachment of the Nine Underworlds penetrates through all, spies being hard to defend against. Actually, I already captured a few spies before this, just that their cultivation bases were all rather low, not someone as high up as senior apprentice-brother Wang this time.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled but did not speak. In such a situation, whatever he said would also be unsuitable.

Their longtime Elder of the same generation as Yuan Zhengfeng, Elder Wang had experienced those darkest ages of Broad Creed Mountain alongside him when they had kept a low profile, striving together as they saw Broad Creed Mountain gradually regain its vitality.

Sitting below Yuan Zhengfeng, the two Grand Elders were also silent. They too were of the same generation as Elder Wang, having many long years of friendship with him.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t ask about how Elder Wang was now.

Having been controlled before being able to leave Broad Creed Mountain, unable to come into contact with the devilish qi within the depths of the Earth Domain, he should not have fallen.

However, if the devilish intent within his heart was too great, it would be hard for him to turn back, not being something that some simple words of repent would be able to accomplish.

A person’s devilish thoughts having grown to a certain extent, even if they didn’t fall, even if they seemed no different from normal on the outside, they were actually also already hard to bring back.

They were like barrels of gunpowder that could explode at any time, definitely going to explode, with it just being a matter of time.

Looking at the expressions on their faces, as well as not mentioning how they had dealt with Elder Wang, Yan Zhaoge knew that the situation was probably not optimistic for him, most likely already having reached the point of not being to turn back.

Under such circumstances, the best ending for him would be being imprisoned within the Heaven Sealing Gorge.

From a certain perspective, that would actually be a rather soft decision, perhaps holding onto the slimmest of hopes that Elder Wang would still be able to turn back eventually.

While Yan Zhaoge’s position was currently already no longer that of a mere younger generation disciple, with Yuan Zhengfeng and them all attaching much weight to his opinions, Yan Zhaoge chose not to say anything on this matter.

Emerging from the Great Hall, Yan Zhaoge followed behind his father, sending over a sound transmission with his aura-qi, “How is the pill formula going now?”

Yan Di answered, “Having received the pill formula that you sent back, I have been analysing it over this past period of time, already currently having an eighty to ninety percent certainty.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded. The Heaven Returning Divine Pill was not easy to concoct, and with his current attainments in alchemy, added to his current cultivation base, he also didn’t dare to claim a hundred percent certainty in succeeding.

However, time waits for no man, and whether it was the Sacred Sun Clan, the Nine Underworlds and the Decimating Abyss, or the Flame Devil World, all these brought Yuan Zhengfeng and Broad Creed Mountain immense pressure.

Currently placing much weight on the Heaven Returning Divine Pill, Yan Zhaoge was looking more at its efficacy rather than the merits that his father would attain having successfully concocted it.

Beneath a broken nest, it would be hard to find an intact egg. His Grand Master Yuan Zhengfeng breaking past that barrier, transcending mortality and achieving Sainthood, stepping into the Martial Saint realm, would hold extremely great significance for Broad Creed Mountain.

As for the other benefits on the side, they would all just be add-ons for this.

In concocting the pill, it was the earlier the better, because the concoction method of the Heaven Returning Divine Pill was extremely special, requiring the pill to be returned to the furnace nine times.

Each return would require quite a lot of time, and if any one of them failed midway, the entire process would have to begin from scratch.

Thus, concocting the Heaven Returning Divine Pill was an extremely demanding and time-consuming task.

If unlucky, the concoction method being inappropriate, however sufficient the ingredients, it would not be surprising if more than ten years were spent without success being seen.

And with the current global situation, the time left to Broad Creed Mountain and Yuan Zhengfeng was not much.

Yan Di looked at Yan Zhaoge, “In these following days, I will mainly be devoting my energies to pill concoction. Your cultivation will have to rely on your own diligence.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “You can rest easy; I won’t slack off.”

Raising his head upwards, Yan Di thought aloud, “The clan rewarded you earlier with the right to freely move about the first three levels of the Martial Repository, also with a chance to enter the fourth.”

“This is permitting you to gain the latter half of the Clear Qi Profound Art beforehand.”

“As for the three supreme martial arts of our clan, have you made a decision on them?”

The Clear Qi Profound Art was the foundation of Broad Creed Mountain. Those who became its direct disciples would be able to cultivate its first half in the Martial Scholar realm, only able to get the latter half after having become a Martial Grandmaster.

And the latter half was extremely important, its conditions restricted very harshly.

At least up till now, those who could begin cultivating in it while only a Martial Scholar, from past till present, only consisted of Zhan Dongge, Yan Di and Yan Zhaoge.

As for Broad Creed Mountain’s Three Supreme Arts, they were the most supreme martial arts passed down in Broad Creed Mountain, representing the highest level of accomplishment of Broad Creed Mountain’s martial dao up till now, being above the Eight Extreme Arts.

At the same time, they were also the highest accomplishments of the current martial civilisation, having begun developing once again following the Great Calamity.

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “I hope you do mind, but if I can choose, I intend to learn the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm.”

Broad Creed Mountain’s Three Supreme Arts were the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm, the Immeasurable Heavenly Sabre, and the Limitless Heavenly Sword.

These three supreme martial arts were all profound and unpredictable, possessing great power, only Broad Creed Mountain’s most outstanding martial practitioners able to cultivate in them.

The conditions for them were even stricter than that for the latter half of the Clear Qi Profound Art. Even Fu Enshu, whom Yuan Zhengfeng treated as his own, was only allowed to cultivate in one after she had become a Martial Grandmaster and faced countless tests till Yuan Zhengfeng was satisfied.

Shi Tie was an exception, not having cultivated in the Three Supreme Arts even now, only continuing to develop the Vajra Body further, wanting to completely unearth all off its potential.

This was due to his personality, being a special case that need not be considered here.

Meanwhile, for Yan Di and Fang Zhun, Yan Di cultivated in the Immeasurable Heavenly Sabre, while Fang Zhun cultivated in the Limitless Heavenly Sword.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s choice, Yan Di smiled, “In choosing martial arts, it is only right to choose the one best suited for yourself. It is not like if the father cultivates in the sabre, the son must also do the same. Still, I had thought that you would choose the Limitless Heavenly Sword.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Actually, I am very interested in all three, just that I am still most interested in the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm.”

Yan Di said, “Since you were given permission to go up to the fourth level and choose, you should make the decision yourself.”

The two returned to Yan Di’s residence, conversing for a while more before Yan Zhaoge took his leave, with Yan Di continuing to analyse the formula for the Heaven Returning Divine Pill.

Leaving Yan Di’s residence, Yan Zhaoge sucked in a deep breath, retrieving that crystal, within imprinted the scene of the damaged skeleton of a stone pillar of the Divine Palace located within the Great Western Desert.

Waiting outside, as Ah Hu saw Yan Zhaoge emerge, he hurriedly came up. Other than him, the gigantic Pan-Pan also rushed over passionately, with the momentum of going to push Yan Zhaoge down.

This giant fellow’s current size was already comparable to an elephant’s, or perhaps even a little bigger than that…

Yan Zhaoge naturally stopped Pan-Pan irritably as he patted his huge head, “You can already control your size now. Being so big, you take up too much space. Rushing around blindly in the clan, you might even break something without even noticing.”

Pan-Pan blinked, streams of spiritual qi surfacing about him, transforming into white fire and black water which shrouded and surrounded his entire body.

The next moment, the fire and water dissipated, with his size indeed much smaller.

Yan Zhaoge nodded satisfiedly. Then, he strode off in the direction of the Martial Repository.

The fourth level of the Martial Repository which he had always been interested in before-he could finally go and experience it this time.