Chapter 204: I Really Didn’T Mean It This Time

HSSB204: I really didn’t mean it this time

The martial arts Ah Hu were currently cultivating in had already long since surpassed the level of the first and even the second floor of the Martial Repository.

However, according to the rules, however close he was to Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, not being a disciple of Broad Creed Mountain, he also couldn’t enter the Martial Repository.

Ah Hu had already long since accepted this, as he asked Yan Zhaoge, “Young Master, around how long will you be staying in the Martial Repository?”

Yan Zhaoge thought for a bit, “This time is a little special, and will take much longer than previous times. I shouldn’t be emerging before sunset.”

Ah Hu nodded, waving his hands towards Yan Zhaoge, “Young Master, then you be busy with your things; I’ll go find a place to play, and come here to wait for you when its sunset.”

Yan Zhaoge similarly waved his hands out of habit, “En, find a cool place to go hole up like a cat.”

While he was mocking Ah Hu a little, Yan Zhaoge knew that that casual looking big man was most likely going to find a place to cultivate in.

Ah Hu’s position and his actions of always following beside Yan Zhaoge made it very easy for people to overlook him.

However, actually, Ah Hu was not yet thirty, being younger than Xu Fei and the others, while similar in age to Liu Shengfeng and Xie Youchan.

Being able to attain such a cultivation base at such an age; other than possessing shocking talent, this big man was also much more diligent and hardworking in his martial cultivation than most.

Yan Zhaoge entered the first level of the Martial Repository. At this moment, there were quite a few people there, all younger disciples of Broad Creed Mountain who had entered the clan a bit later.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge, everyone was stunned for a moment, before they bowed towards him in unison, “Greetings, senior apprentice-brother Yan.”

To these young people, while Yan Zhaoge was of the same generation as them, he was already a legendary figure.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge, they were even more nervous than when seeing many Elders of the clan.

Yan Zhaoge smiled and nodded towards them. Then, his gaze sweeping the area, he suddenly saw familiar faces.

Wearing white clothes covered by black-bordered blue robes, Feng Yunsheng was in the garb of a core, direct disciple of Broad Creed Mountain.

Beside her followed a child, currently looking dazedly at him. It was precisely Han Long’er, Ying Longtu.

Ying Longtu still looked to be rather sluggish, but he seemed to recognise Yan Zhaoge.

Feng Yunsheng smiled, “Longtu, don’t you always ask me where senior apprentice-brother Yan has gone? He is right before you now.”

Ying Longtu gave a simple smile, “Senior…senior apprentice-brother Yan.”

Smiling, Yan Zhaoge nodded, going up to them, “Not having seen you in over half a year, Longtu has grown by quite a bit.”

He turned to look at Feng Yunsheng, smiling, “The two of you have grown rather close.”

Feng Yunsheng glanced somewhat strangely at Ying Longtu before saying, “Because we share a common interest.”

The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth twitched slightly, “…eating?”

“Also being very good at it,” Feng Yunsheng nodded, patting Ying Longtu’s shoulder, “Many a times, I don’t even dare to start a fire on Broad Creed Mountain, instead going out to hunt. Otherwise, with the two of us added together, some things on the mountain might have been eaten extinct.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Having returned this time, you must count me in as well.”

Feng Yunsheng stared, “You, the Broad Creed Young Master, famed under the heavens as a Heaven’s favoured son of the new generation, actually fights for food with frail women and children-how can you bear to do it? Aren’t you afraid that it will harm your reputation?”

“The two of you can also be considered frail women and children?” Yan Zhaoge appraised her and Ying Longtu, shaking his head in mock disgust.

However, after a few glances, Yan Zhaoge suddenly chortled, “Bearing Ying Longtu’s weight has fallen mostly onto your shoulders- do you have the feeling of being a mother?”

“Longtu, what do you call her?” Not waiting for Feng Yunsheng to rebut, Yan Zhaoge asked Ying Longtu smilingly.

Ying Longtu glanced at Feng Yunsheng somewhat dazedly before answering honestly, “Junior apprentice-sister Feng.”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head repeatedly, “Wrong, wrong, you should call her…Mother Yun!”

Ying Longtu blinked, swivelling his head to stare at Feng Yunsheng, seemingly really considering if he should change his calling of her.

Even the easygoing Feng Yunsheng was stared at by this gaze to the point of her hairs standing up a little.

She stared at Yan Zhaoge unhappily for a moment, then snorted, sending a sound transmission over with her aura-qi, “Whose hairy child is this, already rather old yet still so immature, only knowing how to snatch food from his little brother all day long.”

“What are you so worked up about it for? It is also not snatching milk to drink…” Relaxed, Yan Zhaoge failed to think a little before he spoke, casually rebutting her, only instantly feeling the words to be inappropriate after they had left his mouth, “Erm…I’m sorry…”

Feng Yunsheng was stunned, only reacting after quite some time had passed, looking at Yan Zhaoge finding it somewhat aggravating whilst also funny.

She instead smiled at this time, also not feeling distressed as she chuckled, “I’m really sorry, sir. I have caused you to be disappointed. The season is not right, and our store indeed doesn’t have this dish at this time. Even a skilful woman would be hard pressed to cook a meal without rice.”

Yan Zhaoge let out a dry cough, “It’s alright, it’s alright-don’t put it to heart…”

Luckily, those last few sentences were communicated through sound transmission via aura-qi, and others could not hear it. Otherwise, with so many junior apprentice-brothers and sisters beside them, if they heard it, that might be a little bad.

The two exchanged glances, then changed the topic by a tacit understanding.

Feng Yunsheng gave a natural and poised laugh, “They all say that my generation’s Maidens of Extreme Yin, as Martial Scholars, can shake the global situation of this world. However, at the end of the day, the basis of this still lies in the Sacred Artifact, the Extreme Yin Crown.”

“It can’t compare to senior apprentice-brother Yan this time, truly relying on your personal power to change the situation greatly, standing against and overthrowing the great tides!”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “That’s overstating things; there was some luck involved this time.”

“After the matter, I also reflected on it,” Yan Zhaoge sighed, saying, “Thinking back on the entire incident, it was still rather dangerous.”

“When the time comes for books to be used, hating how few had been read earlier –I felt this deeply this time.”

“In the past, while I had done some research into formations before, they were only surface research. For the Devilish Domain Grand Formation this time, I was unable to see through many of its principles as well as details of its circulation; otherwise, I wouldn’t have had to risk making my move at the final critical moment.”

As Yan Zhaoge said this, he shook his head, “Returning to the Mountain this time, in the remaining time left over from cultivation, I have already decided to put in more effort on formations, working to make up for my own shortcomings.”

As he was saying this, Yan Zhaoge suddenly discovered Feng Yunsheng directing a strange gaze at him.

Yan Zhaoge lowered his head to look at his clothes. They were worn correctly.

“What is the meaning of this expression of yours?” Yan Zhaoge asked curiously.

Feng Yunsheng appraised Yan Zhaoge all over, then said to him in a strange tone, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan, do you know? Saying that so seriously just now, you appeared exceptionally arrogant.”

“Huh?” Yan Zhaoge was bemused by this.

Feng Yunsheng said, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan, while I didn’t go along this time, I also heard that for that grand formation to be broken, it could not just have been achieved with the power of a Sacred Artifact fragment. A high attainment in formations was also required to accurately grasp that instant’s chance. Generally speaking, many Martial Grandmasters would also be unable to do it.”

“You say now that your attainment in formations is too low, still needing to continue putting in effort in it. This truly is…”

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge disdainfully. Perhaps she didn’t know what acting cool meant, but this didn’t stop her from looking down of such actions of Yan Zhaoge’s.

Yan Zhaoge was stunned for a moment before his finally reacted, not knowing whether to laugh or to cry.

Although I rather like to act cool, rather like to show off, rather like to seem godly before others…

I really wasn’t thinking of doing so just now ah!

This time, I was truly reflecting on myself very earnestly, being humble and introspective ah!

I truly want to put in more effort in researching on formations, increasing my abilities in this area ah!