Chapter 211: Feng Yunsheng’S Resolve

HSSB211: Feng Yunsheng’s resolve

Watching the recorded silhouetted scene, Yan Zhaoge had a seldom seen sombre expression on his face.

Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain’s higher echelons had all not let Feng Yunsheng participate in the fourth Extreme Yin Bout.

The past two years had been left free for Feng Yunsheng to chase after the other Maidens of Extreme Yin, whom she had fallen behind.

She especially needed to make up for her gap with the Sacred Sun Clan’s Meng Wan.

Although using various methods, Yan Zhaoge had helped her to improve by leaps and bounds, the Sacred Sun Clan’s Meng Wan was originally also not a lamp who lacked oil, at least having held the Extreme Yin Crown for two years.

The Extreme Yin Crown had a major bolstering effect to the cultivation of Maidens of Extreme Yin that could not be ignored.

If she wanted to secure victory in an Extreme Yin Bout, Feng Yunsheng needed patience, needed to work hard, needed more time.

Her participating in the Extreme Yin Bout was to win, and not to serve as mere accompaniment.

If she was first, it would mean a Sacred Artifact. If she wasn’t first, there would be nothing at all.

Although this was a cruel reality, it was the true face of the Extreme Yin Bout.

Following their discussions, Yan Zhaoge, Fu Enshu and the others had decided only to let Feng Yunsheng participate from the next Extreme Yin Bout onwards.

Before that, they could only still their hearts and lie dormant in patience.

Actually, in Yan Zhaoge’s projections, in the next Extreme Yin Bout, the fifth Extreme Yin Bout, Feng Yunsheng still wouldn’t stand much of a winning chance. It was more for her to accumulate some experience of clashing with other Maidens of Extreme Yin.

Luckily, the time required was not too long, and Broad Creed Mountain could still afford to wait. It was only that the pressure was still not small, what with the current volatile situation at hand.

What Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain were especially concerned about was the fact that the Sacred Sun Clan’s East Coming Martial Saint Huang Guanglie could emerge from seclusion at any time.

If Huang Guanglie emerged, also having successfully improved, it would be extremely pressurising on Broad Creed Mountain.

Also, the end of Clear Concealed Lake’s incident did not mean that the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds would lower their flags and cease their drums just like this.

Therefore, time was still very limited. However, by Yan Zhaoge’s projections, if nothing major happened, the sixth Extreme Yin Bout would be Feng Yunsheng’s chance to shine.

However, something major had happened.

The major change was not in Feng Yunsheng and Broad Creed Mountain, but in others.

When clashing with Lin Zhou previously, Lin Zhou had revealed his knowledge on Feng Yunsheng’s background, also even knowing of Yan Zhaoge making use of Cloud Portent Mountain’s Yin Yang Cloud Spring to help to restore her Extreme Yin Physique.

Having a general idea of Lin Zhou’s background within his heart, Yan Zhaoge had always been curious about how Lin Zhou had known about the matter regarding Feng Yunsheng.

By Yan Zhaoge’s projections, if he had not gotten involved, Feng Yunsheng would most likely not have entered Broad Creed Mountain. If she had still managed to escape the pursuit of the Sacred Sun Clan then, she would most likely have joined Jade Sea City.

She had been in the Sacred Sun Clan before, and its Maiden of Extreme Yin as well, but her Extreme Yin Physique having been destroyed being known by the entire world could still be understood.

However, how did Lin Zhou know of Yan Zhaoge’s yin-yang coexisting technique with which he had helped Feng Yunsheng to regain her Extreme Yin Physique?

Did Jade Sea City possess a similar technique?

Or was it that Lin Zhou had come up with such a method himself?

It was fine if it was the latter-Yan Zhaoge would not actually be worried by that. What he was worried of was someone else having come up with this technique, and it coming to be known by Lin Zhou from there.

It was fine if just Lin Zhou knew of it-the Heavenly Thunder Hall’s Maiden of Extreme Yin was not very strong. The most important thing was who this method’s original owner had been in that timeline.

It was fine if it was Jade Sea City, but the worst thing was that it was most possible that it had actually been the Sacred Sun Clan who had managed to research out this method.

Firstly, they cultivated in the pure yang energy of the sun, having a deep level of research in it, things only able to move the opposite direction once having reached an extreme, possessing common principles. Secondly, they were the Sacred Ground who had held the Extreme Yin Crown for the longest time.

Even though they lacked information left behind from before the Great Calamity, through the painstaking research of their experts accumulated over time, the Sacred Sun Clan could also possibly attain results in this area.

This was something that Yan Zhaoge had always kept in mind.

And now, his worst predictions had come true.

Carefully looking at Meng Wan’s battle with another, Yan Zhaoge could tell that a problem had indeed come up with her, but not like in the second Extreme Yin Bout, when she had been injured.

Instead, attempting a yin-yang coexisting technique, just having started out and not yet developed sufficiently, she had been affected by this.

Even while the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall were allies, it was impossible that Lin Zhou would have revealed such techniques to the Sacred Sun Clan.

Moreover, the Heavenly Thunder Hall’s Maiden of Extreme Yin indeed showed the same symptoms as well, just that they were not as visible as Meng Wan’s.

This proved that Lin Zhou actually just knew of the existence of yin-yang coexisting techniques, not understanding it in detail. The Heavenly Thunder Hall had also only started experimenting down this route recently.

While the Sacred Sun Clan could still not match up to Yan Zhaoge’s methods, they were already on the right track.

Unlike last time’s accident, Meng Wan losing the Extreme Yin Crown this time was within the Sacred Sun Clan’s range of predictions as an acceptable loss.

Lying temporarily dormant was to secure a definite advantage along with domination in the future.

It could be predicted that having lost the Extreme Yin Crown once more, with Huang Guanglie yet to leave seclusion, the Sacred Sun Clan would at least retain a conservative stance for the next year.

However, when they raised their heads once more, they would erupt with even more terrifying power.

Moreover, the one who had won the fourth Extreme Yin Bout being a disciple of the strictly neutral Turbid Wave Pavilion, the pressure on the Sacred Sun Clan would also be less.

Speaking of which, this was also the first time a Turbid Wave Pavilion disciple had participated in the Extreme Yin Bout, the result being her winning the Crown on her first attempt. Although this was also due to a problem having cropped up with Meng Wan, being able to suppress the Maidens of Extreme Yin of Jade Sea City, Infinite Boundless Mountain and the Heavenly Thunder Hall, she must have prepared for many years, aiming to shock everyone on her debut.

While Turbid Wave Pavilion was strictly neutral, facing the direct threat of the Fire Devils on the East Sea like Jade Sea City, obtaining the Extreme Yin Crown would be of great help to them.

However, if no unexpected incidents occurred, it would be just this once.

Next year, her preparations complete, Meng Wan would mostly likely play out the role of the ruler returning for her crown once more.

Yan Zhaoge’s brows gradually knit up, “It’s really bad this time…”

Amidst his thoughts, Feng Yunsheng kept her sabre over by the other side, smiling and greeting Yan Zhaoge upon noticing his presence, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan.”

Yan Zhaoge instantly relaxed, smiling as his praised, “Nice sabrework.”

Feng Yunsheng glanced at Yan Zhaoge, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan, are the results of the fourth Extreme Yin Bout already out? Was it still Little Wan who won?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “No.”

As Feng Yunsheng was slightly taken aback, Yan Zhaoge sighed, “However, it is even worse that Meng Wan securing a consecutive victory.”

Having explained the matter clearly, Feng Yunsheng’s expression turned grave, but her emotions remained calm.

She held the hilt of her sabre, “I will work harder, definitely!”

While her resolve was firm, Feng Yunsheng also did not find the situation optimistic, just working the hardest that she could.

Having always been strong and independent, not willing to rely on others, Feng Yunsheng revealed a look of expectation for the first time as she gazed at Yan Zhaoge, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan, do you still have any other methods?”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyelids drooped, “…No.”

Feng Yunsheng looked calmly at Yan Zhaoge, not speaking. The two looked at each other silently.

After a long time, Feng Yunsheng said lightly, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan, I admit that I am unresigned, having extravagant hopes, having fantasies.

“But at this stage, in wanting to win the Extreme Yin Bout, it is long since not just a personal matter for me.”

“For the clan which took me in, for the Master who educates me, for you, senior apprentice-brother Yan, who stood up and guaranteed for me then, I must definitely win!”

Feng Yunsheng looked straight at Yan Zhaoge, “No matter the method, I am also willing to try it. No matter tough and painful it might be, I am also willing to bear it…no, I definitely have to be able to bear it!”