Chapter 213: Improving By Leaps And Bounds

HSSB213: Improving by leaps and bounds

Cold Marrow Needles were not actual needles that were used to prick people, but a special technique, reinforced by special medicines, that caused a change in one’s qi and blood, causing extreme cold to emanate from within, with it being an omnipresent chill on every single part of the entire body, causing pain reminiscent of being pierced by needles.

Feng Yunsheng was a straightforward and decisive person. Since she wanted to try, to bear it, that she would.

Currently, wisps of incomparably cold white qi were shockingly being emanated from her entire body, as she seemed to have been completely covered by a layer of frost.

Anything and everything that touched her body would be frozen upon contact.

However, in truth, for its effectiveness, the Cold Marrow Needles technique would seal most of the cold qi within one’s body. The part that leaked out would only be a tiny portion of it.

At this time, due to Feng Yunsheng’s qi and blood having been thrown in disorder, it was very difficult for her to circulate her qi to withstand it.

Under such circumstances, the pain that she was suffering could only be imagined.

Also, her mind would always remain clear and her sense acute, to the effect of magnifying the pain brought to her by the Cold Marrow Needles by several times.

Having originally been in the meditative position, Feng Yunsheng was now already completely unable to maintain her posture, only able to lie on her side on the ground, unconsciously curling up her body into a ball.

Clenching her teeth and not uttering a sound was already the final determination that she could show.

Yan Zhaoge stood before her, looking expressionlessly at this scene.

Ah Hu also stood by the side, looking at Feng Yunsheng with a solemn expression on his face as he now let out a breath, “Young Master, Miss Feng really is great.”

Yan Zhaoge didn’t say a word, repeatedly calculating the time within his heart.

Ying Longtu, Pan-Pan and Little Meaty waited by the side, looks of horror in their gazes. Even while Feng Yunsheng had already communicated this with them beforehand, they currently still possessed the urge to rush up to her.

“That’s enough for today; more would do more harm than good.”

Finally, Yan Zhaoge let out a low yell, a palm flashing like lightning onto Feng Yunsheng’s back.

Feng Yunsheng’s body trembled, the cold qi surging within her body finally beginning to vanish, the frost gradually dispersing.

Not even uttering a sound, she directly fainted.

To those who had experienced the torture of Cold Marrow Needles, losing their consciousness was actually also a blissful thing.

Yan Zhaoge’s palm on Feng Yunsheng’s back had still not relaxed, as he unceasingly helped to moderate the condition of her body’s qi and blood.

If one were really to carry out Cold Marrow Needles torture, even if it was stopped midway, such a thing would also not be done.

Yan Zhaoge’s current actions were to not let Feng Yunsheng suffer needless pain. In paying such a huge price, it was to see gains, to see rewards.

At the same time, he also didn’t blindly help Feng Yunsheng to gain warmth. If he focused fully on expelling the cold, it would instead decrease what she gained through her sacrifice, wasting her efforts.

It was a long time before Feng Yunsheng awoke. Although the pain had yet to fade completely, it was already at a level that she could bear.

Feng Yunsheng didn’t say anything excessive, getting into the meditative position once more, breathing deeply as she moderated her body’s qi and blood as guided by Yan Zhaoge.

“Although it was hard to the point of feeling like dying, instantaneous effects truly can be seen,” After ceasing her cultivation, Feng Yunsheng revealed a smile that contained a bit of weakness.

Yan Zhaoge said, “With the Extreme Yin Scripture as a base, using the Yin-Yang Coexisting technique, with the boost of the Cold Marrow Needles technique, in coordination with other supplementary techniques, whether it is your Extreme Yin power or your cultivation base, they will both improve by leaps and bounds.”

Shooting Feng Yunsheng a deep glance, Yan Zhaoge said, “This technique can be used for however long you can persist. Even if the time is limited, the effects will also be very prominent.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled, “Although, it really was pretty hard, I will persist all the way, giving it my all.”

Yan Zhaoge no longer said anything, just nodding, “At this moment, you are in a rather weak state. Cultivating diligently would instead bring harm to your body; you should go get some good rest.”

“Calm your mind, do not be impatient.”

Hugging Little Meaty who rushed towards her, Feng Yunsheng answered, “Rest easy, senior apprentice-brother Yan. I understand.”

Pan-Pan also came over, Feng Yunsheng smiling as she stroked his head.

Standing by the side, Ying Longtu asked somewhat uncertainly, “Senior apprentice-sister, are you okay?”

Feng Yunsheng smiled, “Rest easy, Han Long’er. I’m fine.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “After resting, you can resume your cultivation as per usual. It is not good for the Cold Marrow Needles technique to be used in too closely packed intervals. After having used it once, its effects do not come into bear within a short period of time; in your upcoming cultivation, you will also be digesting this time’s results.”

“I understand,” Feng Yunsheng nodded earnestly, saying as she looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Thank you, senior apprentice-brother Yan.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed softly, “It is primarily you.”

After parting ways with Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge returned to his lodgings, shaking his head slightly as he walked, “It’s really a bad coincidence this time; the Sacred Sun Clan had even the time of the Heavens on its side.”

The deeds of the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds, on a certain level, had caused the tense atmosphere between the Sacred Grounds to ease slightly somewhat.

For a considerable period of time, everyone would be keeping wary of the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds, also working to clear the spies that possibly existed amongst them.

A new common enemy other than the Fire Devils having been added to the mix, the contradictions between the Sacred Grounds had eased for the time being.

Having lost the Extreme Yin Crown at this time, as long as they kept more of a low profile, it actually wasn’t too great of a problem for the Sacred Sun Clan.

If not for the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds, Broad Creed Mountain, Infinite Boundless Mountain and Jade Sea City definitely could combine their forces, marching on the World Illuminating Peak together.

At the very least, they would force the Sacred Sun Clan’s Huang Guanglie to leave seclusion early, yet having finished what he had set out to do.

However, with the current situation, this plan would be hard to carry out.

Not talking about anything else, because the Decimating Abyss had collaborated with the Flame Devil World earlier, for the past few months, the Flame Devils had been causing chaos on the East Sea, with it still yet to completely calm down even now.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze turned somewhat deep and distant, “Striking the hot iron still requires one to be tough ah. Hopefully father achieves results with the Heaven Returning Divine Pill quickly.”

As he thought, Yan Zhaoge returned to his lodgings, also resuming his cultivation.

An ice-blue jade coin appeared within his hands. It was precisely that which Shi Tie had gained from seeking out the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint’s legacy and brought back to Yan Zhaoge.

The pure, refined qi contained within the jade coin had almost been completely absorbed by Yan Zhaoge at this moment.

Clutching the jade coin, Yan Zhaoge circulated his aura-qi, absorbing the remnant pure, refined qi stored within.

The lustre on the jade coin’s surface dimmed for good as the icy cold aura-qi within Yan Zhaoge’s body grew stronger, the numerous ice dragons coiling within his acupoints roaring unceasingly as they were strengthened.

The Glacial Dragon Bone Soul from before and the pure, refined qi within this jade coin had already been completely absorbed by Yan Zhaoge at this moment.

In terms of quality, it was inferior to the extreme hot fire qi that Yan Zhaoge had refined from the seed of Li Yan True Fire with the Sacred Heavenly Fire Scripture, but in terms of quantity, it was much more abundant.

Two powerful aura-qis, one cold, one hot, surged unceasingly within Yan Zhaoge’s body, letting out what resembled the roars of dragons.

Within the qi ocean within Yan Zhaoge’s dantian, the clear qi spread to the sides as the chaotic qi mass appeared, circulating ceaselessly with the power of ice and fire, causing the spirituality of his aura-qi to become more and more bountiful, as his control of it also became smoother and smoother.

In this less than half a year upon his return to the Mountain, cultivating ceaselessly as he kept mostly indoors and seldom emerged, Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation base was also improving by leaps and bounds, preparing to break through to even higher levels!