Chapter 217: Assassination!

HSSB217: Assassination!

Looking over, Yan Zhaoge saw the two youths bow to him in unison.

Yan Zhaoge had heard the name of the Sand Region’s Lian Family when coming to the Wind Domain. It was a second-rate power in the Sand Region subordinate to the Howling Wind Sword Sect.

Within the territory controlled by the Lian Family was a Jade Sand Spring, which had a bit of fame, its value unordinary. Every year, Broad Creed Mountain’s Acting Elder stationed there would receive a portion of the spring water.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s knowledge of the Lian Family was more or less limited to this.

Yan Zhaoge turned to look at Jun Luo, who said, “I have known Lian Ying and Lian Cheng since young. This time, I met them by coincidence. They were being attacked, and I lent them a helping hand.

“After sending the enemy into retreat, we were instead trapped by a storm. Luckily, Brother Yan and the others passed by.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, saying, “You were the damsel saving the hero this time.”

Jun Luo wrinkled her nose slightly, also smiling, “That’s true.”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, laughing. Looking at the two Lians again, they were rather weak-looking youths.

But if one really were to speak of it, while they were still only Martial Artists, their cultivation bases limited, they still far surpassed ordinary strong men who didn’t cultivate.

But from their appearances, the both of them gave off a rather soft, feminine feeling.

Yan Zhaoge had seen quite a few males who were rather more soft and feminine before. However, two brothers from the same family both being like that was quite a rare thing. After all, the martial legacies of the Sand Region’s Lian Family, from the rumours, walked a rather tough, fierce path.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head to look at the sky, “Luo Luo, in coming to the Great Western Desert this time, it is because I have a matter to take care of. Bringing you alone would not only be inconvenient, it would instead be even more dangerous for you, because I will be entering the depths of the Great Western Desert.

Hearing his words, Jun Luo nodded sensibly, “I understand.”

Of the two beside her, Lian Cheng looked rather troubled, yet did not dare to speak, while Lian Ying revealed a conflicted, gloomy expression.

Heading along with Yan Zhaoge into the depths of the Great Western Desert was something that they didn’t even dare to think about; they would be happy to avoid it.

However, if Yan Zhaoge wanted to abandon them, they would be unable to return to the Sand Region.

Jun Luo, however, was not worried, believing that Yan Zhaoge would definitely have arrangements.

Yan Zhaoge surveyed the surroundings, asking Elder Li, “Where was the originally decided supply point?”

Moving about in the desert, especially in an environment like the Great Western Desert, most would set up supply points.

Elder Li understood Yan Zhaoge’s meaning, as he calculated for a moment before answering, “Best head forward a little more.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “You are most familiar with the situation here; best you make the arrangements.”

Then, he said to the trio, “I will bring you along for a little more. After the supply point has been set up, we will leave you there, with some martial practitioners of our clan to guard you. You can just wait there; upon my return, I will bring you out of the desert together.”

“If I want to stay for a longer period of time, I will arrange for others to send you back.”

They immediately let out sighs of relief, Jun Luo smiling, “This time, we will really be troubling Brother Yan and seniors of Broad Creed Mountain.”

They moved out. As Jun Luo’s mind relaxed, her attention was instantly drawn by Pan-Pan.

Although Pan-Pan had currently completely released his size, being even larger than an elephant, when not facing enemies, he always had on that pure and foolish look, which drew her to him.

Seeing Jun Luo completely lunge onto Pan-Pan’s body, her body sinking deeply into his thick fur, stroking him repeatedly, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but smile, “Your cultivation base is still low-why did you come into a place like the Great Western Desert?”

Jun Luo laughed somewhat awkwardly, her eyes shooting about.

Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes, “Looking to the lands where heroes abound, countless passions ablaze? Thinking that there is nowhere in these vast heavens and earth that you cannot visit? Wanting to properly see the unique, extraordinary scenes long renowned in this world?”

Jun Luo chuckled, “Mainly because I heard you, Brother Yan, tell me many such stories in the past…”

Yan Zhaoge was somewhat amused by this slightly tomboyish girl, “Ah, so it’s my fault then?”

Jun Luo hurriedly waved her hands, laughing, “I don’t dare, I don’t dare. When we return, I still need Brother Yan to put in some good words for me…”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “In coming this time, I passed by the Howling Wind Sword Sect. I wanted to meet Uncle Jun, but he was out adventuring. If you can rush back to your sect before he returns…”

Jun Luo’s eyes lit up, “Definitely, definitely, Brother Yan, remember to hide it for me a little then…”

Her words not having finished, Yan Zhaoge continued, “…afterwards, I would still mention it to Uncle Jun.”

Jun Luo was instantly stunned, her body deflating greatly.

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu watched on rather interestedly at this. Meanwhile, as Lian Cheng and Lian Ying watched Jun Luo behave like a child in front of Yan Zhaoge, envy that could not be concealed appeared in both their eyes.

Afterwards, they set up a supply point. With some specially made spirit talismans and supporting treasures, they set up a formation that could hold out for a set period of time, keeping the wind and sand of the outside world at bay.

A few experienced Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners stayed behind on Elder Li’s orders, remaining there with Jun Luo and the two Lians.

Yan Zhaoge and the others continued on their journey.

A path to their destination had already been opened up by Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners before this. It was just that with the fierceness of the previous Black Nightmare Storms, the path had gradually been buried and concealed. However, with marks of it left behind, it was much easier for their group.

After a long, difficult trek, that damaged stone pillar erect in the desert finally appeared before everyone’s eyes.

Yan Zhaoge stared at the patterns on the stone pillar, not speaking for a long time.

Elder Li waved his hands, dispersing along with his subordinates, setting up a barrier formation once more, keeping away the wind and the sand.

While they had arrived at their destination, Yan Zhaoge’s work here could not be completed within a short period of time.

At the same time, even an Acting Elder like Elder Li did not possess the authority to get up close with these precious remains, let alone the martial practitioners below him.

Elder Li was extremely by the book, performing his duties well. Other than having acted as a guide for Yan Zhaoge, having arrived here, he helped him to set up watch over the surrounding area.

“Old Li, I really had not thought that Young Master Yan is actually so knowledgeable about ancient remains,” Following by Elder Li’s side, a middle-aged martial practitioner followed him behind another sand dune, praising, “Even less so that he actually can have authority at the level of a First Seat Elder.”

Elder Li said, “Don’t look down on him; he is someone with true abilities. Able to get to where he is today, it was not completely through Elder Yan’s backing…”

As he was speaking, Elder Li suddenly felt a stabbing pain in his back!

“I know ah…otherwise, we would also not have to be so roundabout,” The middle-aged martial practitioner beside him said as he smiled.

Elder Li could only feel his life force rapidly fading away, opening his mouth but unable to let out a sound.

He spun his head in shock to look at this middle-aged man who should originally have been one of his most trusted subordinates, instead seeing a scene that left him stunned.

As the other party smiled, his features and appearance were actually changing slowly, becoming more and more like that of Elder Li!