Chapter 245: Returning In Glorious Victory!

HSSB245: Returning in glorious victory!

Ah Hu looked at Yan Zhaoge with a face full of adulation, “Young Master, you really are too awesome. This was not like back then when that old scoundrel Yan Xu was heavily injured; the Crimson Spirit Flag Master just now was at his peak condition. Whatever methods you used, facing off alone against an early Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster and rendering him dead-you must be the first in history?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, shaking his head, “Just like that time when Yan Xu was beaten half-dead by eldest apprentice-uncle, this time actually cannot count as well. If father captured that Crimson Spirit Flag Master alive and sealed his cultivation base before I slew him, it would still be me having rendered an early Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster dead, but would that be a thing to be proud of? Obviously not.”

Feng Yunsheng sent him a sidelong glance, “Pretend, continue to pretend, who knows how pleased with yourself you are feeling inside.”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, not speaking.

Xu Fei also laughed, after which he patted Yan Zhaoge’s shoulders, “If you can avoid taking risks, it would still be best to do so. If something happened to you, little apprentice-uncle would be very sad.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge stopped smiling as he nodded, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu speaks true.”

Faced with great danger in which the chances of survival were slim, this senior apprentice-brother Xu himself would continue talking and laughing naturally, his heart broad and without fear, but he still didn’t wish to see his fellow disciples face such danger.

A sad look flashed across his face for a moment, as he had clearly thought of his Master Shi Tie and his pain of having to send off his descendants prematurely.

Xu Fei and Shi Tie were close as father and son, and he had viewed Shi Songtao has his true brother back then.

The incident that year had been the regret of Shi Tie’s entire life, while similarly, Xu Fei had also been weighed down by it.

Looking at Xu Fei’s expression, Yan Zhaoge knew that he was thinking of Shi Tie and his son again.

Looking at Xu Fei, Yan Zhaoge sighed, similarly falling silent.

While Ah Hu and Feng Yunsheng didn’t understand Xu Fei like Yan Zhaoge did, they also stopped conversing happily at this moment.

Regathering his spirits, Xu Fei clapped his hands, smiling, “Speaking of which, the Crimson Spirit Flag Master should have been the strongest living expert of the Five Spirit Flags. With you, Zhaoge, having killed him, while the Five Spirit Flags may not completely dissipate in the wind, it will be very hard for them to stir up any huge waves again. Zhaoge, you have performed a great merit for our Broad Creed Mountain once more.”

“It’s just a pity that it was a matter on an individual scale, lacking proof. It might be slightly harder for you to claim a reward for it.”

“However, if the Crimson Spirit Flag Master is not seen for the next few years and after, it would barely be able to count as proof.”

Xu Fei smiled at Yan Zhaoge, “But speaking of which, while killing the Crimson Spirit Flag Master is not a small achievement, it is incomparable to those great achievements of yours before this.”

“The clan is virtually running out of rewards to give you. A few years later, the merit of killing the Crimson Spirit Flag Master will probably mean nothing much to you.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “However small mosquitoes are, they’re still meat, right?”

Xu Fei pointed at Yan Zhaoge as he looked towards Feng Yunsheng, smiling, “Listen to him, listen to what he says. A lofty Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster becomes a mosquito in his mouth-what level of arrogance is this?”

“It is indeed junior apprentice-sister Feng who understands him better. Just pretending to be humble in front of us; who knows how pleased he is with himself within his heart.”

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu both began laughing uproariously, Yan Zhaoge shrugging as he just smiled.

Having gotten rid of the Crimson Spirit Flag Master, it was actually fine whether or not the clan rewarded him for it. At the end of the day, it was still a matter that eased his heart.

With Yan Zhaoge’s rate of improvement, there would surely be a day where the Crimson Spirit Flag Master would cease to be a threat.

However, having an Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster always looking to him for revenge before this had not been a very comfortable feeling.

Moreover, this Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster was actually pretty realistic. The person whom he hated the most was Yan Zhaoge’s father, Yan Di.

However, the Crimson Spirit Flag Master would definitely be unable to defeat Yan Di. If he dared to appear before Yan Di, he would directly be put to death by him with a single slap.

Unable to beat the old one, the Crimson Spirit Flag Master changed his target to the young one, setting his eyes on Yan Zhaoge.

When Yan Zhaoge’s strength had risen to the point that the Crimson Spirit Flag Master could no longer beat even him, the Crimson Spirit Flag Master would naturally no longer have come looking for Yan Zhaoge.

Instead, he would most likely have switched his focus to an even younger, weaker Broad Creed Mountain disciple.

Yan Zhaoge would naturally no longer have to be worried at that time, but at the end of the day, there would still be someone facing the threat of the Crimson Spirit Flag Master.

There was only being a thief for a thousand days-since when was there guarding against a thief for a thousand days?

Able to cleanly slaughter the Crimson Spirit Flag Master, putting a definite stop to future troubles, Yan Zhaoge was extremely satisfied, at what could be considered an unexpected gain.

And while an element of luck had been contained within, leaving the foreign dimension left behind by Loose Practitioner He this time, Yan Zhaoge had also had somewhat great gains.

After taking his leave of Xu Fei and Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge returned to his lodgings, beginning to inspect the many treasures that he had obtained this time.

First and foremost was naturally Yan Zhaoge’s initial primary target, the Life Illuminating Immortal Stone.

Yan Zhaoge had just know that Loose Practitioner He had one, not able to truly confirm beforehand whether it was really placed within that foreign dimension.

“Looks like my luck is still not bad,” Playing with that Life Illuminating Immortal Stone in his hands, a hint of a smile was revealed at the corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth.

Having obtained the Life Illuminating Immortal Stone, there would no longer be a need to seek out a substitute item.

After breaking through into the Heavenly Connection stage and accumulating and consolidating his foundation slightly, he would be able to begin attempting crossing through that heavenly gulf into the Martial Grandmaster realm.

Of course, ambitions were faraway things, and he should step firmly on the ground right beneath him, first achieving his breakthrough into the Heavenly Connection stage.

However, with Yan Zhaoge’s current foundation, the difficulty of that would not be high.

Other than the Life Illuminating Immortal Stone, there was still an expected surprise, naturally the unique treasure, the Immortal Crane Wings.

After having entangled with the Crimson Spirit Flag Master, its spiritual qi had been depleted very greatly, unable to be used for a time like the Eye of the Thunder Emperor fragment.

However, nourished by its master Yan Zhaoge, when it had recovered its lost vitality, it would be able to display its true flair once more.

Along with that Life Illuminating Immortal Stone on that short table previously had been a few other things, all cleanly taken away by Yan Zhaoge.

Amongst them was a medicinal bottle, containing pills that Loose Practitioner He had previously concocted. However, with the ravages of time, all the way from before the time of the Great Calamity up till now, while some of these pills were still efficate, the spiritual qi of some had already gradually dissipated completely over time.

Yan Zhaoge was not particularly concerned about this, as his attention was currently drawn by another object.

It was a scroll formed on a beastskin of who knows what beast.

Unfurling the scroll, Yan Zhaoge saw that it was completely empty, with only a square-shaped pattern right at the centre.

By the looks of it, this pattern should have been left behind by some kind of seal.

Looking carefully, Yan Zhaoge saw that that pattern resembled a sun.

The pattern appeared very ancient, but as Yan Zhaoge focused on it, he felt a piercing pain in his eyes, as though he was looking at the true sun itself.

This beastskin scroll was an object of Loose Practitioner He, left behind in the foreign dimension. Before Yan Zhaoge and Lin Zhou had entered today, it had always been lying there, being an artifact of before the Great Calamity, thus naturally having nothing to do with the current Sacred Sun Clan.

However, as Yan Zhaoge knew, the Sacred Sun Clan had similarly been formed on the foundation of unearthed remnants of the martial civilisation of before the Great Calamity alongside the comprehension and development of martial practitioners afterwards. Tracing it back, the Sacred Sun Clan still had some roots from before the Great Calamity.

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “This seal might be related to that Divine Sun Scripture legacy of legend, though who knows how an imprint of it might have landed in Loose Practitioner He’s hands.”