Chapter 255: Fighting Out A Future

HSSB255: Fighting out a future

Everyone’s gazes landed on Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was calm as he said earnestly, “I want to re-establish the Devilish Domain Grand Formation here.”

As the words left his mouth, everyone began exchanging glances.

Shi Tie’s gaze also revealed a bit of surprise, but he quickly calmed down, asking, “The risks that you spoke of earlier-what do they entail? In what way do you need me to assist?”

Yan Zhaoge answered speedily, “By  re-establishing the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, I can use the formation as a guide to draw the devilish qi that was sent to the South Heaven Region back here.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Shi Tie did not interrupt, looking at him silently, waiting for him to continue.

“This way, we would first take care of the crisis over at the South Heaven Region before dealing with the one before our eyes,” Yan Zhaoge continued, “Though I would act as the controller of the formation, I need an expert on the level of eldest apprentice-uncle to reseal the opened Great Nine Underworlds Door here; your fist-intent will work well for this.”

“The risk lies in the fact that we cannot destroy the core of the Devilish Domain Grand Formation before it gets completed. The Great Nine Underworlds Door will truly open for a moment, and if it is not sealed in time, there would be the possibility of the Nine Underworlds truly descending.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “If that happened, we would be choosing the lesser of two evils anyway. We would have to fight a bloody battle here, withstanding the invading Nine Underworlds Evil Devils, buying time for the other experts over at our clan to come to reinforce.”

Shi Tie directed a deep glance at Yan Zhaoge, “The crux does not lie with me. Any late Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster would be able to do it. The crux lies with you.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, saying quietly, “I’m seventy percent confident I can succeed.”

“Seventy percent?” Shi Tie repeated, before saying, “If it really is seventy percent, it is already sufficient. We’ll do it!”

Yan Zhaoge looked at those by the side, “Elders, please set the place up as per my instructions. We must re-establish the formation as soon as possible; time is of the essence.”

The Martial Grandmasters of Broad Creed Mountain exchanged glances, looking first at Yan Zhaoge, then at Shi Tie, before acknowledging his words emotionally.

While they all had worries within their hearts, with little time being afforded to them, they could not afford to hesitate.

If there was even the slightest delay, the Nine Underworlds would descend in the defenceless lands of the South Heaven Region.

Very quickly, in response to Yan Zhaoge’s low cry of ‘Rise!’, countless black spirit patterns instantly surfaced on the ground.

Innumerable sigils circulated, black light surging up into the heavens, transforming into countless black clouds that obscured the heavens and concealed the sun.

Bloodred lightning descended unceasingly from the black fog, mournful and shocking, the gloomy flickering light of the black spirit patterns emanating a feeling that was filthy to the extreme.

The terrifying air resurfaced, not emanating a feeling of evil, but causing minds to drift, unable to stabilise.

A strange power seemed to attract the deepest, darkest desires, evil thoughts and stubbornness at the depths of everyone’s hearts, magnifying them unceasingly.

At the centre of the formation of black light, a golden tower rose from the ground along with the surging of golden light, growing unceasingly as though it had a life of its own.

Led by the radiance, countless black spirit patterns moved in mid-air, resembling numerous black chains as they entangled the tall golden tower, before all growing taut as though bearing a tremendous force.

A bloodred glow was emanated from the peak of the tall golden tower, gradually condensing into the form of a door.

This red door of light rippled like water, its silhouette gradually projected onto the ground before the golden tower, another great door surfacing on the ground.

Within the area enveloped by the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, the black fog instantly grew denser and denser, till later, it became stickier and stickier, resembling mud.

The devilish qi began forming a terrifying devilish domain as it enveloped the surrounding area.

Outside of the domain of devilish qi, the First Seat Elder of Broad Creed Mountain and some of its other experts worriedly watched that terrifying devilish domain which enveloped a vast amount of territory.

Having already received Shi Tie’s notification, they knew that the current Devilish Domain Grand Formation was being re-established by their own side.

However, such an action that was like playing with fire still left them all feeling uneasy.

However, in comparison, this was already a slightly better result. At the very least, it was much better than the Nine Underworlds descending in the totally defenceless South Heaven Region.

It was only that if Yan Zhaoge and Shi Tie failed, the Nine Underworlds would descend here in Yunwu County, and everyone would have to stand on the frontlines, withstanding the initial invasion.

Earlier, not yet having penetrated and entered the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, having known that Yunwu’s Wang Family was going to cause trouble, when Broad Creed Mountain’s martial practitioners had rushed onto the scene, in case of the worst, they had arranged for the ordinary citizens of Yunwu County as well as those others living nearby, along with weaker martial practitioners, to evacuate.

Currently, they were not to the extent of being all panicked and flustered, allowing those of Broad Creed Mountain to properly engage in a great battle in Yunwu County.

This was an important reason for the Sand Region taking on this risk rather than the South Heaven Region.

The Sand Region urgently moved, while the news was also relayed at the greatest possible speed back to Broad Creed Mountain in the Central Heaven Region as well as the Southern Heaven Region.

That the position of the Great Nine Underworlds Door could change also had to be told to the other regions, in preparation for the unlikeliest of possibilities.

Gazing into the distance at the Devilish Domain Grand Formation which had already completely swallowed up the Wang Family ancestral ground, the First Seat Elder of the Sand Region muttered to himself, “Yan Zhaoge, you definitely have to succeed ah…”

Within the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, at the core region, the black fog had vanished, to be replaced by a strange space filled with red light.

Within this space, the golden tower stood tall, the projected silhouette of the red door of light growing clearer and clearer on the ground.

On the ground, the space between the two doors distorted and shook unceasingly, causing the ground to also distort intensely.

There seemed to be something that wanted to tunnel up from beneath the ground, ripping out a deep abyssal rift within.

As this rift opened, it would be the rumoured path to the Nine Underworlds.

The terrifying air that bewitched people’s hearts was currently at an all-time high, shaking people’s hearts.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was heavy as he stood beneath the golden tower, both palms pressing on its surface, at the same time also swivelling his head as he looked calmly at the Great Nine Underworlds Door on the ground that was gradually, truly opening.

“We’re halfway there,” Yan Zhaoge said, “The devilish qi that was sent to the South Heaven Region is being pulled back once more.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, everyone slightly breathed sighs of relief.

If this Great Nine Underworlds Door opened without preventing the formation in the South Heaven Region from doing the same, there would be two paths opened to the Nine Underworlds. At that point, everyone’s feelings would not be something that despondent and furious could describe.

Everyone’s attention was currently fixed on the tall golden tower.

The golden tower suddenly shook slightly.

“Eh?” Yan Zhaoge’s expression changed slightly, “Someone wants to forcibly end my movements and drag the devilish qi back?”

Above the red door of light at the peak of the tall golden tower, a strange scene suddenly surfaced.

Raising their heads, they all let out startled, shocked cries, “Elder Liu?!”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head as he was able to, seeing that a figure was reflected above that red door of light. It was a white-haired old man.

He also recognised the other party, who was, shockingly, a longtime Elder of Broad Creed Mountain.

That Elder Liu, his expression gloomy and slightly crazed, was currently clutching a black jade talisman, into which he was madly pouring in his true essence and fist-intent!

Shi Tie’s expression was sunken as water while Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was cold.

An illusory scene of red light also appeared before Elder Liu, from which he could clearly see Yan Zhaoge and the others.

He was slightly stunned for a moment, then involuntarily let out a strange laugh as he knew that his identity had already been exposed, “Good son born of Yan Di, it’s you again?!”