Chapter 253: The Abnormal Yan Zhaoge

HSSB253: The abnormal Yan Zhaoge

“In this battle, the enemy experts were also few. Other than the ‘Scaly Dragon King’ Sima Chui, there were no other Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters,” Gazing at that golden tower, Yan Zhaoge fell into deep thought.

Ah Hu grinned, “Even if there is an ambush, destroying this Devilish Domain Grand Formation first definitely won’t be wrong. At the end of the day, we definitely can’t let the Nine Underworlds descend here, right?”

“And by destroying the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, the enemies will also lose their geographical advantage.”

Yan Zhaoge did not answer. Surveying their surroundings, looking at those intermingling spirit patterns, he began projecting as he analysed them unceasingly within his heart.

After the incident of Clear Concealed Lake, Yan Zhaoge had learnt from the experience and truly clenched his teeth and put in some vicious effort on the dao of formations.

Because of time constraints, it was not like heaven-shaking, earth-overturning changes could be seen, but he had still made visibly great progress in the area.

“At the root of it, this Devilish Domain Grand Formation’s final goal is the descent of the Nine Underworlds, being a formation that breaks through the boundaries of time and space,” Yan Zhaoge pondered, “So, if one wanted to play some tricks, would it also be in the area of time and space?”

“Reversing the direction of the door, sending us from the Eight Extremities World to the Nine Underworlds? Doesn’t seem like it…”

Yan Zhaoge unceasingly pondered on principles of formations, countless thoughts flashing through his mind at lightning speed.

While he and Ah Hu had halted, the other Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners did not show any signs of ceasing in their attack.

An Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster chopped out with an Eight Sceneries Spirit Sabre, true essence transforming into eight screens of light, enveloping that tall golden tower.

The next moment, the eight screens of light shattered together, as the tall golden tower that had been teetering on the brink of collapse now began to collapse for real.

Yan Zhaoge diligently felt the collapsing golden tower and the changes in the Devilish Domain Grand Formation.

Suddenly, Yan Zhaoge detected where the problem lay.

The Devilish Domain Grand Formation, in its previous circulation, had not been any different at all from the one that he had destroyed back at Clear Concealed Lake.

However, having begun to circulate in reverse and collapse, some minute differences became visible.

The golden tower collapsed, the red door of light completely extinguished, the black spirit patterns that resembled countless black chains directly snapping.

Dense black devilish qi now flowed in reverse into the bodies of the fallen practitioners here, causing them to feel pain worse than death.

Everything, everything just seemed so similar to before, as though it was a re-enactment of the scenes at Clear Concealed Lake then.

Only one thing was different!

Accompanied by the collapse of the tall golden tower, Yan Zhaoge could vaguely feel that the power of this Devilish Domain Grand Formation seemed to be secretly guided elsewhere!

Suddenly raising his head, not having any time for words, Yan Zhaoge leapt off the pillar of the divine palace, bringing it along as he rushed towards the currently collapsing golden tower.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge lifting the massive stone pillar as he rushed towards the golden tower, the other Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners were all slightly taken aback, “The formation’s core is already about to be destroyed. What is he doing, being greedy for merit?”

“But if one were to talk about being greedy for merit, so many of us can see it. You also led the charge in breaking the formation, helping everyone to force their way in here. Whatever the case, you won’t be lacking in the foremost merit ah!”

The Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster closest to the golden tower was also looking perplexedly towards Yan Zhaoge, his brows knit slightly, “Zhaoge, no need to worry. That sabre blow of mine can ensure the destruction of this golden tower…”

Not waiting for him to finish, Yan Zhaoge hurriedly cut off his words, “Elder Cong, first secure this pagoda-don’t let it collapse!”

As the words left his mouth, everyone was left gaping and tongue-tied.

Even the fallen practitioners and the other martial practitioners of the Decimating Abyss who still remained were stunned on the spot, unable to recover as they just stared at Yan Zhaoge.

Even in his wildest dreams would Elder Cong never have thought that such words would actually suddenly come from Yan Zhaoge.

He looked confusedly at Yan Zhaoge, “What exactly…”

Halfway through his words, wariness suddenly flashed through Elder Cong’s eyes as he appraised Yan Zhaoge all over, examining him closely.

He had thought of a possibility. While he felt that this possibility was really ludicrous, it also couldn’t rival Yan Zhaoge’s abnormal behaviour now that made him seem like a completely different person.

Fallen to the dark side!

The other Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners also looked rather doubtfully at Yan Zhaoge.

If one were to say that Yan Zhaoge had fallen to the dark side, they wouldn’t believe it. First not speaking of Yan Zhaoge having prevented the descent of the Nine Underworlds in the incident of Clear Concealed Lake, in this time’s breaking through of the Devilish Domain Grand Formation at the Wang Family ancestral ground, Yan Zhaoge had also played a pivotal role.

If one were to speak of a Martial Scholar of the Eight Extremities World whom the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds would be the happiest to be rid of, if Yan Zhaoge claimed to be the second, no one would dare claim to be the first.

Such a person falling to the dark side was truly unbelievable.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s abnormal actions were truly had to understand.

Unless in the breaking of the formation earlier, the devilish intent within his heart had been stirred up on the spot?

The Nine Underworlds was adept in infiltrating the hearts of humans. No one would know when they might suddenly be hit by it, only able to stay vigilant at all times.

The golden pagoda had already completely fragmented, collapsing downwards as it was soon to turn into a huge pile of rubble.

Not having the time to explain, Yan Zhaoge leapt into the air, the pillar of the Divine Pillar descending as it forcibly stabilised the fragmented tall golden tower.

Luckily, his usual fame and performances had left too deep an impression in peoples’ hearts. While they all harboured doubts, no one stopped him in the end.

Yan Zhaoge stabilised the tall golden tower, his expression still grave as he focused his mind, unceasingly sorting through formation principles within his head.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge completely not having the leisure to speak, Ah Hu hurriedly came up, saying, “Elder Cong, Young Master feels that this raid has been too successful, fearing that it may be a trap.”

On hearing his words, Elder Cong nodded, “Yes, I have this feeling too. Still, whether or not it is an ambush or something else, we still can’t let the Nine Underworlds descend. Destroying the Devilish Domain Grand Formation first will definitely not be a mistake. After all, at the end of the day, whatever their plan, the enemy’s goal is still the descent of the Nine Underworlds.”

“And as soon as the Great Nine Underworlds Door opens, the consequences would be unimaginably catastrophic. No scenario, however terrible, could be worse than that.”

Hearing his words, the other few Broad Creed Mountain Martial Grandmaster experts all nodded in agreement.

Yan Zhaoge finally finished sorting out the changes in the formation as he now spoke, “The Nine Underworlds descending here is indeed an extremely terrible scenario, but it is not the worst one.”

Elder Cong and the others were stunned slightly as Yan Zhaoge sucked in a deep breath, raising his head to look into the distance, “If the Nine Underworlds descended here, at least we would be prepared for battle. Especially with eldest apprentice-uncle here. Even if the Great Nine Underworlds Door truly opened here, we could still put our lives on the line, obstructing and slaying the Evil Devils, buying time for reinforcements of our clan and the evacuation of the ordinary citizens here.”

“However, what if a Great Nine Underworlds Door suddenly appears in another place without any prior warning at all, at a place that we are totally unprepared for, allowing for the descent of the Nine Underworlds?”

All the Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners here were shocked.

Whether it was back at Clear Concealed Lake or here at the Wang Family ancestral ground, a very important reason that they were able to obstruct the descent of the Nine Underworlds was that a process and some time was still required for the Devilish Domain Grand Formation to be established and the Great Nine Underworlds Door to open.

At the same time, the establishment of the grand formation also required time and treasures, and signs could also be detected of this. It was possible for it to be detected before the grand formation had been established sufficiently.

This gave the martial practitioners of the Eight Extremities World the chance to destroy it.

However, if in some place, without any prior warning whatsoever, not requiring any process at all, a Great Nine Underworlds Door suddenly appeared?

Just thinking about it gave everyone here the chills.