Chapter 277: Sending The Lord Into His Coffin

HSSB277: Sending the lord into his coffin

Letting out a low howl of rage, Yuan Tian felt a rare emotion–threatened.

However, the figures of Yan Di and himself blurred in the sky, then disappeared.

Likewise, the clouds which had just recently enveloped the world also disappeared without a trace.

The clear sunlight once again shone down on the people below.

Watching Yan Di and Yuan Tian disappear, Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh of relief: “That wasn’t easy, but we succeeded.”

Ah Hu and Yan Wenzhen were at a loss as they stared at Yan Zhaoge. Someone asked, “Zhaoge, what happened to the Family Head and the Devil Saint?”

Yan Zhaoge looked towards the northeast. “They’ve been transported to Broad Creed Mountain.”

Ah Hu and the others looked at each other.

Yan Wenzhen and some of the others couldn’t exactly understand what Yan Zhaoge had said as they pondered the wording.

Ah Hu decided to ask directly: “Young Master, weren’t we supposed to prevent enemies from getting close to the clan? Especially apex experts like the Devil Saint; this kind of enemy could wreak havoc if they made it to the core grounds of our clan. Isn’t this just inviting disaster? When the time comes, if our enemies coordinate an attack….”

Yan Zhaoge spoke out. “You can rest assured, even though they were sent to Broad Creed Mountain together, father has naturally changed Broad Creed Mountain’s defensive formation.”

“Using the power of the formation, we have constructed a foreign dimension. Father and the Devil Saint have been sent there.”

“In there, father can borrow the power of the guardian grand formation. With it, he should have the upper hand over Yuan Tian when they fight. At the same time, he is close to the clan and can watch over it.”

Yan Zhaoge continued, “Even though the other experts in the clan cannot directly help since they have to protect against other enemies, as long as father has the Clear Qi Robe and the power of the grand formation, there’s a chance that Yuan Tian won’t be able to leave alive.”

“Compared to our other enemies, Yuan Tian is always the most direct threat. If we can rid ourselves of this headache, then we’ll save ourselves a lot of effort in the future.”

If a martial practitioner decided to go on rampage and there was no one present that could match his power, then he would be an unstoppable destructive force.

Ah Hu and all the others were looking towards the center of the ancestral mansion at the pillar of the Divine Palace.

Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples. This plan had been known only to himself and Yan Di.

On the side of Broad Creed Mountain, some of the higher echelon Elders only knew that Yan Di was adjusting the defensive formation to temporarily create a foreign space as a battlefield to prevent damage to the clan itself.

However, they did not know that this foreign space was meant to be a trap set for Yuan Tian or possibly Huang Guanglie.

After all, attempting to transfer such a powerful martial practitioner into the foreign space would be an extremely difficult task.

Even if both parties were peaceful, it would still be extremely difficult. This time, a huge number of conditions needed to be met for this attempt to succeed, and it would be practically impossible to replicate.

All of the planning and preparations had been made in advance, and were only known to the father son duo of Yan Di and Yan Zhaoge.

If even his father was part of the Decimating Abyss Organization, then he could only accept his bad luck.

Yan Zhaoge thought about the present circumstances while also controlling the Divine Palace pillar.

Yan Zhaoge turned around to see Yan Wenzhen. “Third Granduncle, this time, the defensive array of the family ancestral mansion is almost entirely destroyed. To repair it, I’m afraid I’ll have to trouble you.”

“It’s not a problem. After all, it was unavoidable anyways.” Yan Wenzhen turned around. “If something happens to Broad Creed Mountain, the Yan Family would inevitably also be affected.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “There should be enough materials left in the family vault to replenish the formation. If there truly is a lack of materials, then we will have to substitute different materials for now.”

“I can lend a hand on relaying the formation for now. After the conflict has passed, the family head can return to further revise the formation.”

Without taking the rumors into account and just by seeing Yan Zhaoge in action, Yan Wenzhen and the others could determine that Yan Zhaoge’s attainments in formations far surpassed any cultivator of the same level and even surpassed everyone present.

Yan Wenzhen sent out the command for everyone to help Yan Zhaoge to quickly lay out the array.

Although the ancestral formation was weaker than it had been previously, at least it was circulating again and offered some amount of protection.

Yan Zhaoge spoke out. “I will rush to Lianhu County. Third Granduncle, stay here and be extra careful.”

Bidding farewell to Yan Wenzhen and the others, Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu left the ancestral mansion. Rather than returning to the clan, they rushed towards Lianhu County.

“Young Master, since the Decimating Abyss wants to induce the descent of the Nine Underworlds in Lianhu County, an Elder from the clan will also rush over to help, right?”

Yan Zhaoge sat on Pan Pan’s back as he looked into the distance. “Elder He and Elder Zhang, the Grand Elders, have to sit over the clan. One has to guard over the Chief’s seclusion grounds while the other needs to serve as a backbone for the clan’s administration.”

“The First Seat Elder of the Heaven Sealing Gorge must be even more vigilant, and cannot leave the clan easily.”

“Father is specifically dealing with the other’s Martial Saints or Sacred Artifacts, so if they send an Elder to deal with the situation in Lianhu County, it should either be eldest or second apprentice-uncle. The clan’s Martial Grandmaster experts of the late Essence Talisman stage are just these few.”

“If neither one of them can leave the clan, then senior apprentice-aunt Fu may come.”

Ah Hu was silent for a moment as he scratched his head. “Young Master, are you forgetting someone? The Martial Repository’s Xin Dongping is stronger than either Elder He or Elder Zhang. He is only inferior when compared to the Chief.”

“Though it is difficult to say who is stronger between the Family Head and Elder Xin, he definitely places amongst the top three experts of all of Broad Creed Mountain.”

Yan Zhaoge didn’t say anything, but inclined his head slightly upwards. “At this moment we can be absolutely certain that amongst the clan’s higher echelons, there is still another person belonging to the Decimating Abyss.”

“Ah Hu, if you were to guess who is most likely to be the traitor, who would you guess? Only as a speculation.”

Ah Hu opened and closed his mouth. “Eh… If I had to guess, I would say that both Elder Xin and Elder Fang are equally likely….”

Yan Zhaoge nodded. “That’s right. In Chief succession, one of them lost to the Grand Master, while the other one lost to my father.”

“Because of his loss that year, Elder Xin has a heart barrier which means that even now, he is unable to reach that highest peak and step into the realm of Martial Saints.”

“The other one was long heralded as the Hidden Dragon. Due to his loss, he may very well be hidden for an entire lifetime now.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed into the distance. “The human heart is inscrutable. We don’t know what they are thinking, but they definitely are not overjoyed about their own situations.”

Ah Hu grinned. “Young Master, you seem more wary about Elder Xin?”

Yan Zhaoge responded, “Even though second apprentice-uncle was directly competing against Father, maybe because I’m more familiar with him, I truly hope that he does not turn out to be traitorous.”

“Of course, I can’t deny that in the case that Elder Xin turns traitor, the damage to the clan may very well be heavier than it would be if it is was second apprentice-uncle.”

“Don’t look at how Elder Xin seems to be separate from worldly affairs. Actually, his impact on Broad Creed Mountain has never been insignificant. All this time, he has been unable to make that last step into the Martial Saint realm, but if he had succeeded it would have been the Chief who was embarrassed.”

Ah Hu stated, “Because of this reason, you think that Elder Xin may have his stubbornness turn into devilish intent? On the other hand, as long as the Family Head does not fall into the same situation that the Chief has, the chance of Elder Fang assuming power is simply too low.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded. “Right, there is also this possibility.”

Ah Hu hesitated for a moment, then spoke. “Young Master, what then if both Elder Xin and Elder Fang…”

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes. “In that case, it will truly be hard for our clan to survive this calamity.”