Chapter 296: Grand Reversal

HSSB296: Grand Reversal

What was the feeling of being pressured by Mount Tai?

Zhu Qian had never experienced it before, but he felt like currently, Mount Tai was weighing down on him from above.

Yan Zhaoge’s terrifying palm descended, causing all of Zhu Qian’s bones to crack with a muffled crunch.

Zhu Qian was covered in red as terrifying beads of blood trickled out from all of his pores, making him look like a being of only blood.

Zhu Qian clenched his teeth and stimulated his aura-qi.

Within his dantian, his aura-qi that was filled with spirituality had returned to simplicity, turning into an existence like the great earth, resembling fertile soil, allowing it to nurture an even more remarkable force.

Zhu Qian’s knowledge on the martial dao and his spirituality from communication with the heavens and the earth had already transformed into a spirit seed, nourished within that spirit soil.

Finally, the spirit seed had gradually undergone a qualitative change, resembling a sprout growing out from the seed, beginning to change its body and switch its bones!

A powerful force was in this way born, forming the powerful foundation of a late Spirit Vessel Martial Grandmaster.

A martial practitioner’s true martial soul had already begun gradually appearing in an embryonic form.

Zhu Qian stimulated his spirit seed, power surging madly, wanting to raise the heavens that were weighing down on him once more.

However, Yan Zhaoge didn’t give him this chance, his speed of force exertion even greater!

Supported by Finger Flicking Shocking Thunder, Yan Zhaoge’s third Heavenly Broad Creed Palm descended, first extinguishing the force Zhu Qian had just unleashed, quashing it before it had even grown!

The violent power that caused the heavens to collapse and the earth to concave inwards completely destroyed all Zhu Qian’s resistance as well as hope.

Zhu Qian’s arm was jolted away, Yan Zhaoge’s palm descending as it mashed his brain into a pulp!

Yan Zhaoge seemed like he had done a completely insignificant thing as he completely ignored Zhu Qian lying limp before him, instead stomping down with his foot.

Accompanied by Yan Zhaoge’s stomping motion, the golden formation continued circulating.

Above him, complicated, profound spirit patterns also appeared, resembling a greatly miniaturised version of Broad Creed Mountain’s guardian formation.

These spirit patterns combined with the rune beneath Yan Zhaoge’s feet, before streams of qi began expanding outwards into the surrounding area.

The streams of qi extended far into the distance, soundlessly and discreetly combining with the true Clear Qi Grand Formation.

Standing on the golden rune, Yan Zhaoge could only feel like changes had happened to his vision, as he seemed to be standing on the clouds, looking at the world down below.

“Human position, established!” Yan Zhaoge let out a long breath, not relaxing, instead making use of his own formation being connected with the Clear Qi Grand Formation to analyse this massive formation a step further.

After he had intentionally diligently given himself supplementary lessons, Yan Zhaoge’s proficiency in formations had become rather outstanding.

However, as the guardian formation of one of the current era’s six great Sacred Grounds, the Clear Qi Grand Formation also had remarkable areas of its own.

Whilst possessing great power, its formation principles were also rather abstruse and profound.

While after Yan Di had taken up the position of Chief, he had received control of the Clear Qi Grand Formation from Yuan Zhengfeng, although Yan Zhaoge was his son, some rules could still not be abolished, and he would not easily pass down the profundities of the Clear Qi Grand Formation to Yan Zhaoge.

At the end of the day, Yan Zhaoge’s understanding towards the Clear Qi Grand Formation was still limited. Now, he had to make good use of the time to carry out projections on it within his head.

However, to Yan Zhaoge, it was not like there was completely nowhere to start.

“It is also originated from the Clear Qi lineage. However, having been improved by generations of Broad Creed Mountain experts, it is already greatly different,” Yan Zhaoge gradually came to an understanding of it within his heart, “It is a pretty intricate formation.”

“Despite earlier having taken two Anti-Suns that have the effect of breaking formations, causing the changes in the formation to be rather severe, this can still be remedied and corrected.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed in the direction of Broad Creed Mountain whilst also unceasingly projecting changes in the formation, “Helping father to regain control of it would be hard. However, the control of the formation can be temporarily stripped from Xin Dongping, shifting it over to one of us in the three established positions.”

As Yan Zhaoge made projections on the formation, Ah Hu was left with nothing to do, but he did not go far, instead remaining standing there, guarding over Yan Zhaoge, remaining vigilant over all the changes in the surrounding region.

Meanwhile, Hong Wen led a group of Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners, dispersing to kill all the Decimating Abyss martial practitioners who had entered the city alongside Zhu Qian.

As Yan Zhaoge analysed the formation, his heart suddenly moved.

Standing at the human position, he could feel another force integrating into the Clear Qi Grand Formation.

That force originated from the ‘earth’ position of the three positions-heaven, earth and human.

Yan Zhaoge closed his eyes, his mind entering deep within the formation.

Within the dark space of consciousness, countless spirit patterns that flickered with white light surfaced.

A golden dot of light was visible beneath Yan Zhaoge’s feet, at the boundary of the grand formation of white light, representing the ‘human’ position that Yan Zhaoge was currently at.

In the distance, at another end of the grand formation of white light, another golden dot lit up.

“Is it senior apprentice-aunt Fu or Elder Zhang?” Yan Zhaoge’s heart eased, his plan already two thirds successful.

Opening his eyes, Yan Zhaoge could also feel that that terrifying aura of the Nine Underworlds that threw people’s minds into chaos and disorder also seemed to be slowly weakening.

As he gazed far into the distance in the direction of Broad Creed Mountain, he could vaguely see that the black devilish qi suffusing the air above Broad Creed Mountain that surged into the heavens had dimmed somewhat.

“Good!” Yan Zhaoge nodded, letting out a long breath, “Over at junior apprentice-sister Feng’s side, it looks like she has also passed my technique to suppress the Devilish Domain Grand Formation over to second apprentice-uncle. With second apprentice-uncle’s cultivation base as well as understanding towards the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds, such immediate effects have been seen.”

The previously disadvantageous situation was currently swinging towards them bit by bit!

Yan Zhaoge stood in the intersection of the two long streets, surrounded by a massive rune, countless spirit patterns extending into the distance, connected to the Clear Qi Grand Formation.

Feeling the various changes in the circulation of the formation, Yan Zhaoge unceasingly made projections and calculations within his heart.

“The human position and the earth position have already been established. As soon as the heaven position is in order, a grand reversal can be secured in a single go!”

The ‘人’ character beneath Yan Zhaoge’s feet shone a bright gold, seemingly leading innumerable wills to congregate at this point.

Under the common power of the Clear Qi Grand Formation and the ‘人’ character, within the city, the originally restless, unstable hearts of the people gradually began to calm at this moment.

While they still felt panicked, no longer were they influenced by the aura of the Nine Underworlds, infinitely magnifying the negative thoughts within their hearts.

Yan Zhaoge looked in the direction of Broad Creed Mountain, then turned his gaze elsewhere.

There, the ‘天’ character ought to be established by Shi Tie and Xu Fei as projected by Yan Zhaoge.

However, feeling the changes in the Clear Qi Grand Formation, Yan Zhaoge found that they had still yet to successfully establish the heaven position.

For this technique of his, all three positions had to undergo simultaneous circulation of formations before it could take effect, wresting back control of Broad Creed Mountain’s guardian grand formation from Xin Dongping’s hands in one go.

In his predictions, Shi Tie’s route had been the most stable one.

However, with nothing having happened with so much time having passed, Yan Zhaoge’s heart gradually grew anxious.

Before the technique was completely unleashed, he could not leave the human position on his own, all he could do now being wait where he was.

Yan Zhaoge knit his brows tightly, focused on the direction of the heaven position, his expression grave as it had never been before.