Chapter 294: Faced With Danger, Not Shrinking Back!

HSSB294: Faced with danger, not shrinking back!

Yan Zhaoge laughed emotionally, “The entire Broad Creed Mountain is currently facing a great tribulation together, with everyone fighting for their lives and in extreme danger. It is not just me.”

“Rest easy, eldest apprentice-uncle. I will move carefully, avoiding enemies as much as possible if I am able to. After all, wresting back control of the clan’s guardian formation is currently the most pressing matter.”

“Speaking of danger, junior apprentice-sisters Feng and Sikong are the same; you and senior apprentice-brother Xu are actually also similarly faced with danger.”

“And of the entire Broad Creed Mountain, the one currently bearing the greatest pressure is my father.”

After all, Yan Di was currently engaging Yuan Tian and Xin Dongping in battle with his own power, also having to block them, preventing them from harming any others of Broad Creed Mountain.

Looking in the direction of Broad Creed Mountain, Yan Zhaoge was very calm within.

Currently, he had long since become one with Broad Creed Mountain, sharing the clan’s glory, enjoying the resources and benefits given to him by the clan, bearing the protection of the clan, helping to shield him from the winds and the rains.

When he had to stand up to bear the clan’s hopes on his shoulders, he naturally would do so.

He had to do so whether or not danger existed ahead, definitely not shrinking back.

“Eldest apprentice-uncle, senior apprentice-brother Xu, junior apprentice-sister Sikong, all of you take care as well,” Yan Zhaoge took his leave, bringing Ah Hu along on his way, hurrying towards one of the three designated points.

Time waits for no man. As Yan Zhaoge rushed over, he remained careful, avoiding others as much as possible.

Currently, the vicinity of Broad Creed Mountain was in great chaos, with it hard to distinguish friend for foe. In order to save time as much as possible, Yan Zhaoge made hurrying his greatest priority.

He rushed south from Broad Creed Mountain, a city appearing on the great plains.

While it was already rather far from Broad Creed Mountain, that terrifying Nine Underworlds aura that intimidated people’s souls could still be felt.

Getting further from the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, for martial practitioners who had gone through much tempering and possessed firm wills, the influence was not great.

However, it still had a bewitching effect on the ordinary people.

Currently, the atmosphere within the city was tense and restless, people all panicked.

Amidst their panic, people began to look hostilely at one another, the tense situation seeming such that a riot could break out at any moment.

As Yan Zhaoge sped into the city, the ordinary people were completely unable to detect it.

Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners maintained order within the situation, trying to calm them down as much as possible.

This was an important communication hub in the vicinity of Broad Creed Mountain, many different kinds of goods distributed here. The one currently in charge here, a Martial Grandmaster of Broad Creed Mountain of around forty years of age, was named Hong Wen.

Although he was nearly twice as old as Yan Zhaoge, in terms of seniority, they were of the same generation.

“Senior apprentice-brother Hong, please help me to clear up a piece of land at the west part of the city, and do not let any ordinary citizens approach it,” Yan Zhaoge did not bother about courtesies at this moment as he immediately said, “I have urgent need of it!”

Hong Wen also did not waste time on words, immediately nodding, “Leave it to me.”

While he was a mid Spirit Vessel Martial Grandmaster, being much older and having entered the clan much earlier, Yan Zhaoge’s position and authority in Broad Creed Mountain was extremely special, his authority being similar to that of a First Seat Elder. Therefore, even while he remained a little uncomprehending on this, Hong Wen still speedily ordered for the place to be cleared up for Yan Zhaoge.

Hong Wen was also an able person. While the people were originally already panicked, and this only intensified with them having been made to move away, Hong Wen still stably completed what Yan Zhaoge had asked of him.

Two intersecting streets at the western part of the city, one horizontal, one vertical, were cleared up by him within the shortest possible time.

Yan Zhaoge came to the intersection of the two streets, flipping his palm, an azure light flickering within.

His sword shot out like a wind, a jade-green sword light continuously flying in the air as marks were left behind, not dissipating in a long time.

Very quickly, a massive spirit rune appeared before Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge held the sword in his right hand, extending his left hand, fingers spread apart, pressing down within the air.

The massive rune that flickered with azure light landed on the ground.

Yan Zhaoge swivelled his head to look at the surrounding buildings before sucking in a deep breath, raising the Jade Dragon Sword in his right hand, pointed straight towards the heavens.

While in his other free hand appeared another spirit artifact, the Flying Thunder Sabre.

After stepping into the Martial Grandmaster realm, the low-grade spirit artifacts that Yan Zhaoge could wield was already not just limited to one at once.

With the two spirit artifacts, one pointed to the heavens, one pointed to the earth, Yan Zhaoge let out a light roar, streams of aura-qi emanating from his entire body’s acupoints.

As the clouds and the winds surged, with Yan Zhaoge at their centre, a massive hurricane was gradually formed.

This hurricane of aura-qi did not expand, remaining with Yan Zhaoge as its centre, with the massive rune of jade light on the ground as its base.

Gradually, the hurricane actually also turned jade green.

Within the city, the restless, unstable emotions of numerous ordinary citizens seemed to take tangible form at this moment, congregating together to be sucked within that jade green hurricane.

Afterwards, the massive rune beneath Yan Zhaoge’s feet had its jade light gradually fade, turning pure white.

As the rune distorted, it grew more and more complicated, gradually expanding into a small, intricate, profound spirit formation.

At the core area where all these many spirit patterns converged, an ancient character appeared.

“人”

The meaning of this ancient character was ‘human’.

With a unique technique, Yan Zhaoge was going to wrest control of the Clear Qi Grand Formation back from Xin Dongping’s hands.

At specific locations, heaven, earth and human positions had to be established. The position currently occupied by Yan Zhaoge was the human position.

Shi Tie and Xu Fei were heading to the heaven position.

As for Sikong Qing who was finding Fu Enshu and Elder Zhang, whatever the result, with no one heading to the human position here, Yan Zhaoge could only hope that they would be able to make it in time to the earth position.

This technique could not only have Yan Zhaoge see success; it had to have three people work together in unison, and even then, Yan Zhaoge was not completely confident that it would definitely be successful and reverse the entire situation.

The only thing that he could do was perform what he could to the best of his abilities.

“Ah Hu,” Yan Zhaoge called, and having already been instructed earlier, Ah Hu now came up, kneeling on the ground, both palms pressed onto the sprit formation below him.

The radiance on the ‘人’ character grew increasingly bright.

But just at this time, sounds of a commotion suddenly drifted over.

Turning to look, Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu saw a bunch of people rapidly approaching this place.

The one at their head was a late Spirit Vessel Martial Grandmaster. Yan Zhaoge recognised him as a fellow disciple of Broad Creed Mountain, named Zhu Qian.

It was just that at this moment, Zhu Qian and the bunch of people behind him had all clearly already fallen to the dark side!

As they progressed rampantly, they slaughtered everyone who stood in their path, their target being Hong Wen and the other Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners.

“What’s wrong?” Yan Zhaoge knit his brows, and Ah Hu thought for a moment before answering, “He seems to have been on bad terms with Hong Wen, having some personal enmity. From the looks of it, his mind has descended to the point of being lawless, and is coming over for revenge…”

Before his voice had landed, Zhu Qian saw Yan Zhaoge. Instantly forgetting about Hong Wen, the bloodred light within his eyes surged madly!

Zhu Qian howled furiously, “People of Yuan Zhengfeng’s lineage, you also have today!”