Chapter 292: Yan Zhaoge Coming To Reinforce

HSSB292: Yan Zhaoge coming to reinforce

After Yan Di lost control of the grand formation which was controlling the foreign dimension, it became increasingly unstable.

A fissure seemed to split within the sky. It poured out a violent amount of power, making it seem almost as if the sky itself was bleeding.

This force originated perhaps from Yan Di, perhaps from Xin Dongping, or perhaps even Yuan Tian.

Regardless of who it was, it was like a natural disaster as it posed a huge threat to Broad Creed Mountain below.

At this time, Xin Dongping had managed to wrest away the control of the Clear Qi Grand Formation. With the power of the grand formation bolstering him, his attacks against Yan Di became increasingly aggressive.

At this moment, Broad Creed Mountain had lost the usual grand formation that guarded it.

Every one of the frightening shockwaves emanating from the spatial fissure in the sky would cause enormous damage wherever it landed.

Where any one of them landed, it was as though a devastating earthquake had struck the area.

The previously elegant and untouchable mountain peaks were now bathed in a baptism of blood and fire.

Today, Broad Creed Mountain’s eight peaks received a cruel tribulation.

Although the guardian grand formation was no longer protecting them,countless martial practitioners had lived and cultivated here over the past generations.

Over time, the accumulated true martial intent of these cultivators had been refining these peaks.

These seemingly ordinary mountains had attained the hardness of Vajra. Once, when the clan had just been established, any experts could have easily cleaved through them.

Now, even peak Martial Grandmaster experts would find it hard to even damage Broad Creed Mountain’s eight peaks.

However, now, a sword-light shot out of the spatial fissure in the sky and directly struck one of the eight peaks, the Fire Leaving Peak, cleanly diagonally slicing off a great portion of it!

The peak which had originally been smooth and unmarred was now sharp and jagged.

A rolling grey fog full of devilish qi also poured out of the spatial fissure. The fog quickly spread throughout all of Broad Creed Mountain.

Whether it was the Broad Creed Mountain or the Decimating Abyss martial practitioners, when they encountered the grey fog, they would fall into a trance and feel suffocated.

For those with low cultivation bases, enveloped by the fog, they would be unable to resist it and die.

For Fang Zhun, who was attempting to suppress the Devilish Domain Grand Formation, receiving this disturbance, it upset the fragile balance and made it even more difficult for him to continue suppressing the formation.

The spatial fissures in the sky would appear suddenly, release devastating waves of energy, and then instantly disappear.

However, new cracks would quickly open again.

Even more worrying was the fact that the cracks began to appear more and more frequently as the interval between each appearance became shorter.

Every time a spatial fissure appeared, it would bring a disaster onto Broad Creed Mountain.

The Elder He situated outside of the Heaven Sealing Gorge remained expressionless as she saw these events unfold.

Her thin and frail frame suddenly straightened up as her enormous true martial avatar rose up behind her on the mountain peak. Completely disproportionate with her small size, the giant raised both its hands to the sky.

A majestic fist-intent with the power to overturn the heavens rose up towards the sky, resembling a true heaven-stabilising pillar.

With the external help of Elder He, the foreign dimension stabilized somewhat. The rate of spatial fissures appearing seemed to greatly lessen.

However, the violent forces of the spatial distortion greatly pressured Elder He. Under the continuous assault of the spatial distortion, her figure began to bend.

At this moment, a streak of light appeared on the horizon as it shot towards Broad Creed Mountain.

Having resolved the issue at Lianhu County, Yan Zhaoge and Shi Tie hurried back to reinforce the clan.

Yan Zhaoge and Shi Tie shot across the sky as they approached Broad Creed Mountain.

As they neared, they saw an enormous distortion in the Clear Qi Grand Formation.

It was as if two invisible attacks had shot out as the formation creased and distorted like a wrinkling sheet of paper.

Yan Zhaoge frowned as he sensed the changes in the grand formation. As he sensed the changes, his expression changed. “The formation has become disordered and unstable. However, traces still remain of someone having tampered with the formation.”

Xu Fei’s expression was grave. “Elder Yan received the control of the formation directly from Grand Master. Not having to make any special alterations, he could already properly wield and unleash its power normally.”

“For this kind of situation to occur, someone must have made plans to wrest away control of the formation!”

Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples. “Xin Dongping! Other than him, no one could do this. What’s even worse is that it seems like he has succeeded…”

The people present felt a sinking feeling.

For control of their grand formation to have landed in Xin Dongping’s hands, everyone present was well aware of the implications.

From the onset, Xin Dongping was someone who stood at the peak of Martial Grandmasters. He was only one tiny step away from stepping into the Martial Saint realm.

In the entire Eight Extremities World, those Martial Grandmasters who dared to speak of definite confidence in beating Xin Dongping were limited to only Yuan Zhengfeng, who was currently in seclusion.

“If father steps into the Transcending Mortality, stage, he can also stably defeat that old goat.” Yan Zhaoge exhaled. “However, now that Xin Dongping has the backing of the grand formation, his combat prowess is equivalent to someone in the Martial Saint realm. What’s more, the Devil Saint is also there Even though father can probably defend against them for some time, Broad Creed Mountain will be ruined.”

Shi Tie’s gaze did not waver as he stared unblinkingly in the direction of Broad Creed Mountain.

Ah Hu worriedly asked, “Young Master, what was that essence fluctuation just now?”

Yan Zhaoge answered, “It’s an attack from external forces. Two concurrent attacks from two different directions gave Xin Dongping the chance he needed.”

“Heaven Breaking Formation Shattering Thunder, Anti-Sun, Earth-Returning Talisman, Nine Palaces Inversion Ritual…my guess is that out of these things, it was possibly one or two of them,” Yan Zhaoge turned to look at the Fire Domain in the south, “Come to think of it, the Sacred Sun Clan possessed Anti-Suns, though that was an old matter of six hundred years ago.”

“From the looks of it, it seems that they managed to find a couple more.” Yan Zhaoge let out a cold laugh. “Anti-Sun… it requires at least a high-grade spirit artifact to shoot it. From the two different directions that they came from, it seems as if this attack isn’t solely orchestrated by the Sacred Sun Clan. The Heavenly Thunder Hall also had a hand in it.”

Shi Tie’s expression was unchanging like steel. “First we will overcome this trial. Then, we will repay these debts one by one.”

Feeling the rapid fluctuations in spiritual energy of the grand formation, Yan Zhaoge suddenly said, “Eldest apprentice-uncle, please wait a moment.”

Shi Tie stopped and looked at him. Yan Zhaoge solemnly nodded his head. “I may have a plan, but I first need to closely feel the transformations within the Clear Qi Grand Formation.”

“Alright.” Shi Tie chose to believe in Yan Zhaoge, whose outstanding accomplishments in formations had continuously astonished others. Even though his heart was burning with impatience, he still halted where they were.

As soon as they landed, Yan Zhaoge kneeled down and placed both palms on the ground.

With his hands as the core, a dense web of spirit patterns appeared on the ground, mirroring the enormous Clear Qi Grand Formation in the sky.

Yan Zhaoge rapidly calculated and pondered the various projections of the formation as Shi Tie and Xu Fei stood guard beside him.

In the distance, two females approached the group. They were Sikong Qing and Feng Yunsheng.

Seeing Shi Tie and Yan Zhaoge, they let out a sigh of relief. “Eldest apprentice-uncle, Master sent us out to meet you. The clan is currently in a critical state.”

Shi Tie asked, “What are the actual circumstances right now?”

Feng Yunsheng rapidly responded, “The Martial Repository’s First Seat Elder Xin Dongping is a traitor, and the Clear Qi Grand Formation has likely fallen into his hands. At the moment, he is in the foreign dimension together with Yuan Tian, fighting against Elder Yan and Elder Zhang. Many of the Elders are seriously injured.”

“In the Heaven Sealing Gorge, a Devilish Domain Grand Formation attempted to open a portal to the Nine Underworlds, but it is currently being suppressed by Elder Fang. Elder He is protecting Grand Master’s seclusion grounds, while Master and the Heaven Sealing Gorge’s First Seat Elder, Elder Gong, are leading the resistance against the Decimating Abyss. However, they have many experts.”

Learning of the dire state of affairs, everyone’s expressions grew grave.