Chapter 505: Three Incidents

HSSB505: Three incidents

Fu Enshu asked, “Zhaoge, how long is it before we will be able to return to the Eight Extremities World?”

Yan Zhaoge replied, “We will only be able to return to the Eight Extremities World after the Lofty Prestige Mirror has recovered. Still, I’m greatly confident of achieving this.”

He exhaled slowly, saying in as relaxed a tone as possible, “The time flow of the Vast Ocean World is around five times that of the Eight Extremities World. Even if we stay here a little longer, not much time would actually have passed when we return to the Eight Extremities World.”

Fu Enshu nodded slightly, “After this, I will moderate my condition as quickly as possible, trying to make a full recovery the earliest I can.”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was cold, “After having returned this time, there will be some debts that will have to be properly calculated with the Sacred Sun Clan.”

Fu Enshu said, “Right, you only spoke about the incident on the East Sea and the situation in the Vast Ocean World earlier. Back in the Eight Extremities World, how are things with the Nine Underworlds over at the Earth Domain? How are Master and the other senior apprentice-uncles, and how is second-apprentice-brother?”

Hearing Fu Enshu ask this, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze dimmed slightly.

After he had told Fu Enshu about what had happened to Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun and the others who had rushed to the Earth Domain, Fu Enshu looked a little lost, “Master…”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “Grand Master has surpassed many great winds and tides in his lifetime. Fortune will definitely continue favouring him.”

Fu Enshu nodded slowly, but the worry within her gaze was still unconcealable.

She and Yuan Zhengfeng were like daughter and father, being even closer than an ordinary master and disciple. Having been raised by Yuan Zhengfeng since young, currently hearing what had earlier befallen him, while she was constantly consoling herself within her heart, she just remained unable to properly set her mind at ease.

As Fu Enshu thought about it, fury and hatred surged within her eyes, “Shen Li really deserves to die!”

The fury instead caused her to sober up from her previous worry for Yuan Zhengfeng, her mind growing clear as well.

Her brows knit tight, Fu Enshu looked at Yan Zhaoge, “With Master having been lost amidst chaotic space with it being unknown when he might return and junior apprentice-brother Yan temporarily unable to leave the East Sea where the Flame Devils have been sealed, both of our clan’s Martial Saints are currently not present.”

“Meanwhile, as you say, having to take care of senior apprentice-brother Fang, the Clear Qi Robe temporarily cannot be used as well.”

“While the Sacred Sun Clan’s East Coming Huang is also trapped within the seal over the East Sea, that scum Shen Li who ran off at the face of danger instead gained his freedom with it. He has to be prevented from stirring things up!”

Yan Zhaoge said, “At the final moment at which the seal was completed over the East Sea, in order to avoid being crushed by the power of the seal, we entered the dimensional passageway and came to the Vast Ocean World, with the situation in the Eight Extremities World afterwards being hard to determine.”

“Still, other than the Heavenly Thunder Hall’s Shen Li, Turbid Wave Pavilion’s Pavilion Lord An Qinglin managed to come out unaffected as well.”

“While Turbid Wave Pavilion has always been strictly neutral, if the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall go overboard with things, Pavilion Lord An will most likely step in. After all, a situation where one side reigns supreme is definitely not something that Turbid Wave Pavilion would be happy to see.”

“While the Extreme Yin Crown is still in the Sacred Sun Clan’s hands, Infinite Boundless Mountain has the Heaven Cleaving Axe as well. While the Heaven Cleaving Axe is currently heavily injured, as long as it gets over this, it will still possess power that cannot be overlooked. Moreover, from what I know, Meng Wan seems to have been injured as well.”

Yan Zhaoge said slowly, “Finally, with Grand Master not appearing in the long term, while the news of his having gone missing might not be able to be kept secret, the Clear Qi Robe having returned to the Mountain, it can still serve the effect of intimidation to some extent.”

“While the Clear Qi Robe has to take care of second apprentice-uncle, this matter is only known by the higher echelon experts of our clan and not those of the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall. They will have to remain wary of it.”

“Like this, even though Grand Master, the Painting Saint, father, Huang Guanglie and Jade Sea City’s Song Wuliang are temporarily unable to appear within the Eight Extremities World, bar any major incidents, the overall situation of the Eight Extremities World should still be stable.”

Yan Zhaoge’s tone was like the decisive hammering of a nail, “Let alone Meng Wan being injured, even if she were completely unharmed, as long as junior apprentice-sister Feng is okay, Meng Wan would definitely not be able to stand against her reaching the peak in the seventh Extreme Yin Bout!”

Fu Enshu said, “You said just now-bar any major incidents…”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze focused slightly as he said, “The possible major incidents are three.”

“Firstly, as earlier mentioned, the Sacred Sun Clan has likely established communication with the World beyond Worlds. In this time’s great tribulation, they lost Huang Guanglie and took a huge blow to their vitality. If not for them still possessing the Extreme Yin Crown, even the Heavenly Thunder Hall might think that they could go over their heads.”

Yan Zhaoge analysed, “Under such circumstances, it is unknown whether their backer in the World beyond Worlds would feel disappointed in them or change their previous attitude of non-interference and supply them with aid.”

Fu Enshu nodded, “That’s right. We have to guard against that.”

Yan Zhaoge continued, “Secondly is Infinite Boundless Mountain’s Heaven Cleaving Axe!”

“After Jade Sea City’s Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword was forged, when the chaos in the East Sea as well as Hell had still yet to come and the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall joined hands in attacking Jade Sea City, I had already been afraid that they might openly attack Jade Sea City yet actually be aiming for the Heaven Cleaving Axe in secret.”

Fu Enshu nodded, “We specifically reminded Infinite Boundless Mountain of this possibility as well. When Master and junior apprentice-brother Yan made their moves, they were also cautious of the enemy openly targeting one thing whilst actually aiming for another.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, “Afterwards, due to the chaos in Hell, the two sides had to set down their arms and make peace.”

“In the East Sea this time, however, Infinite Boundless Mountain’s number one expert Chu Yan was heavily injured and returned to their Mountain prematurely. While the Heaven Cleaving Axe remained in the East Sea with Infinite Boundless Mountain’s Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster controlling it, with this Sacred Artifact after all being heavily injured as well, the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall might then be given an opportunity to make a move on it.”

“If the Heaven Cleaving Axe fell into the other side’s hands, with an addition for them and a reduction for us, the equilibrium of the global situation might then be broken.”

Fu Enshu sighed, “This is also an unavoidable thing. After all, in having concentrated our forces to deal with the Flame Devils earlier, the worst thing would have been insufficient experts present.”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “The Sacred Sun Clan has indeed schemed deeply with this.”

“The third thing we have to guard against is a change having arisen with the mindset of Turbid Wave Pavilion.”

At this point, Yan Zhaoge raised his head, “After father Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood, he has truly become invincible within the Eight Extremities World. He would even be able to beat everyone else combined single-handedly.”

“Adding on Grand Master and the Clear Qi Robe, our clan was virtually about to return to that golden age with Ancestor Exalted Heaven Shaker.”

“Even if Grand Master is temporarily missing, as long as father is here, it is incontestable that our clan is the number one Sacred Ground.”

Fu Enshu’s current expression was a little strange as well, “Junior apprentice-brother Yan still has the possibility of improving. At that time, he would be able to sweep through all beneath the heavens on his own.”

Exchanging looks, the two did not know whether to laugh or to cry for a time.

Under such circumstances, while Yan Di was currently still within the Seal of the East Sea and unable to extricate himself, it was truly hard to predict what Turbid Wave Pavilion might think.

Yan Zhaoge said, “There is still some time before we will be able to return to the Eight Extremities World. There is nothing that we can do just thinking about it now. We can only hope that things are stable over at the Eight Extremities World and that junior apprentice-sister Feng and the others are safe. As long as nothing goes wrong with us internally, we should be able to get through this in peace.”

Fu Enshu looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Right, it is also useless thinking about all this now.”

“Instead, it is like you said earlier. Xu Fei as well as Shi Jun and his mother are all here. We had better go and look for them, bringing them back to the Eight Extremities World with us if possible.”

“However, according to what you have said, having offended two local snakeheads here, might they do something to harm Xu Fei and the others in retaliation?”