Chapter 519: So What If I Kill You?

HSSB519: So what if I kill you?

Looking at the Earth Devouring Burner in Yan Zhaoge’s hand, Fang Kan’s heart turned cold.

The immense pressure brought to him by the Northern Ocean Clone made it such that he was unable to project Yan Zhaoge’s thoughts.

Just having clashed a little with him, numerous scenes had reverberated within Fang Kan’s mind as he had discovered that he seemed to have been trapped within a huge web that Yan Zhaoge had established, slowly becoming tangled up within it.

That both sides would be injured, perhaps even perishing altogether as they went all out with their very lives on their line had all been an illusion.

Yan Zhaoge had readied a web, waiting for him to smash headlong within!

The Green Abyss Sword transformed into a green dragon, roaring as it penetrated through Fang Kan’s chest.

Behind him, the Northern Ocean Clone was just within arm’s reach!

The shadow of death loomed over Fang Kan. He truly felt unresigned to die just like that.

The surrounding Vast Ocean World martial practitioners watched this scene shockedly.

They had originally thought that Yan Zhaoge would die young as a genius to a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster, not having thought that it was actually Fang Kan who would end up staging the battle of the caged beast.

And now, this Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster was shockingly about to perish by Yan Zhaoge’s hand!

The Spirit Rhino Island martial practitioners were dazed like wooden chickens, never having thought that things would actually end up like this, the situation having become this way even though their Chief had personally made an appearance.

“Don’t do anything stupid!” A Spirit Rhino Island disciple, his voice trembling somewhat, urgently yelled, “My Spirit Rhino Sect is one of the Seven Pillars of Good! If you kill our Chief, you are standing opposed to all the forces of Good!”

“However we usually are, we on the side of Good are united in standing against the forces of Evil!”

The martial practitioners of Water Crystal Palace, the Spirit Returning Sect, the Blazing Wind Sect as well as the others of the Seven Pillars of Good all frowned at this, none willing to be tied down on behalf of some other sect.

However, the gazes with which they looked at Yan Zhaoge were filled with wariness and doubt as well.

With the Evil Saint seemingly fending off Myriad Sword Pool for Yan Zhaoge, those on the side of Good could not help but doubt Yan Zhaoge’s position and stance.

Even if Yan Zhaoge did not hail from the Sacred Evil Sect, if he killed the Chief of Spirit Rhino Island, it would inevitably be a loss for the forces of Good whilst beneficial to the Six Evil Sects.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Water Crystal Palace’s Elder Dong and the others all wavered.

Hearing those words, Yan Zhaoge glanced at that Spirit Rhino Island disciple like he was smiling whilst also not, his gaze causing a chill to run down the bodies of their group of Spirit Rhino Island martial practitioners.

“Whatever I will do in the future is not something that you of Spirit Rhino Island can decide. If you have the leisure to do that, think of what you yourselves will be doing from now on.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed lightly, swivelling his head to look at Fang Kan.

Fang Kan coughed out a mouthful of fresh blood, his expression calm despite his body that was riddled with wounds as he said coldly, “If you dare to kill me, wait to be surrounded and slaughtered by those of Water Crystal Palace, Myriad Sword Pool and the Blood Dragon Sect. At most, this old man will just head down a step earlier before you, waiting for you in the underworld…”

Before Fang Kan could finish speaking, a ‘bang’ sound resounded as his head was blown to smithereens by the punch of Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone!

His entire body transformed into a rain of blood, scattering as it erupted within the air.

“So what if I kill you?” Yan Zhaoge asked mildly, “What is there that I dare not do?”

As the other Vast Ocean World martial practitioners present looked at Yan Zhaoge, a chill arose within all their hearts.

They had originally thought that the defining moment of this youth today that would shock all under the heavens was his having defeated Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng in a single move.

Who knew that on this exact same day, he would actually also slay the Chief of Spirit Rhino Island of the Seven Pillars of Good, Fang Kan who was ranked seventh amongst the top ten Transcending Mortality experts.

This was already no longer shocking the world. This was breaking through the sky and shocking the heavens!

Yan Zhaoge’s name would thereon be known far and wide across the entire Vast Ocean World, known by everyone, unknown by none.

As Elder Dong and Zhang Haocheng of Water Crystal Palace exchanged looks, their hearts both felt rather heavy, “Such cruelty and viciousness without thought for the consequences, it seems like it would be the actions of a member of the forces of Evil.”

“Maybe not, though. Having already killed Fang Zhaohong, there was a blood enmity between him and Fang Kan such that they were incompatible under the same heavens, a conclusion inevitably having to be reached between them. Even if someone mediated midway, while Fang Kan would be able to tolerate it for a time, he wouldn’t be able to bear it forever.”

“What exactly is the relationship between him and the Sacred Evil Sect? If he really is a member of the forces of Evil, that would definitely influence things greatly.”

“Instead, I feel now that he isn’t of the forces of Evil. With that clone, he possesses such great strength. If he were to suddenly slaughter out a path during a great battle between Good and Evil, it might not only be a single Fang Kan who would die.”

While those on the side of Good were feeling uneasy, those on the side of Evil were feeling uncomfortable as well.

The gaze of Elder Yue of the Dragon Slayer Sect did not even leave Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone for a single second.

This incomparably great strength was such that it might even influence the power balance of the entire Vast Ocean World.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Li Sheng shook his head slightly, asking Elder Yue, “When will Master arrive?”

Elder Yue replied, “He’ll be arriving soon. I’ve received news that the Shocking Soul Box has similarly left Shocking Soul Island. It seems that the Chief of the Water Crystal Palace and the Nine Dragon Fingers of the Blood Dragon Sect are on their way as well.”

He sighed, “They really cannot but come! If they don’t, the very heavens may be changing here!”

Currently the focus of all, Yan Zhaoge’s expression was calm, seeming as though he had done something completely inconsequential as he ignored the Spirit Rhino Island martial practitioners by the side who appeared dazed as wooden chickens and instead smiled towards Fu Enshu, “I earlier troubled you into having to resist the enemy and buy time together with me even whilst injured.”

Having already recovered though the shock had still yet to completely fade from her face, Fu Enshu clicked her tongue in wonder at Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone, “It’s nothing. Instead, it’s you who’ve let me see a good show. Splendid indeed.”

“So this was the true meaning behind that stone statue?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right.”

Looking at the Northern Ocean Clone, he smiled, “Senior apprentice-aunt, this good show is still not over yet.”

Saying thus, Yan Zhaoge emitted a clear roar.

The Northern Ocean Clone shot into the skies, its true essence sweeping Yan Zhaoge and Fu Enshu along as it had travelled far away in an instant.

The destination was the Bewildering Maze Sea.

The Vast Ocean World martial practitioners present all snapped out of it.

Elder Dong and the others clenched their teeth, following after them.

Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone resembled a huge roc as it had instantly travelled a thousand li.

The two sides that had originally been battling over the Bewildering Maze Sea whilst paying some attention to the battle situation over at the Deep Sea Corridor immediately detected their approach.

Feeling the powerful aura of the Northern Ocean Clone, whether it was the Floating Sinking Sword in the hands of the Chief of Myriad Sword Pool Yan Gang or the Evil Saint Lin Qiancheng, both of their movements instantly eased greatly.

This was especially true for the Chief of Myriad Sword Pool Yan Gang, being extremely cautious of Yan Zhaoge’s group as he even had the intention of retreating.

While he had the Floating Sinking Sword in hand, if he had to face Lin Qiancheng and Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone on his own, there was only defeat that awaited him.

However, what caused Yan Gang to waver slightly was the fact that Lin Qiancheng before him seemed not to want to clash with him and buy time for Yan Zhaoge to arrive and provide assistance, instead showing signs of wanting to retreat as well.

The next moment, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone had already arrived before their eyes.

It extended his arms, one before the other as they resembled a great spear, piercing straight out!

Streams of golden and black light congregated together, forming the massive silhouette of a roc which bobbed up and down between the heavens and the earth, swift whilst also vigorous!

Its target was none other than the Evil Saint, Lin Qiancheng!