Chapter 512: When A Dragon Wants To Eat A Tiger, Why Masquerade As A Pig?

HSSB512: When a dragon wants to eat a tiger, why masquerade as a pig?

The Vast Ocean World martial practitioners were all rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied, “…Ten leaves blossoming ten flowers?!”

To all of them here, this was a scene that only existed within the legends, not having appeared in the Vast Ocean World of post-Great Calamity times.

Even in the great thousands of universes of before the Great Calamity, ten leaves blossoming ten flowers martial practitioners had also been legendary existences.

Looking at this scene, Fu Enshu was stunned as well, “In the post-Great Calamity Eight Extremities World, Yan Di was the first, and he is now the second.”

Carefully thinking back, she found that Yan Zhaoge’s illusory scene was greatly different from even Yan Di’s.

Yan Di’s ten leaves blossoming ten flowers had been inscribed with runes. While they had been profound and indiscernible, they had also been clear and distinct.

Meanwhile, on Yan Zhaoge’s tenth spirit leaf and tenth spirit flower, the scene of chaos was instead displayed on them as it was even more abstruse, even more mysterious.

Currently looking at Yan Zhaoge, the Vast Ocean World martial practitioners were even overwhelmed a little by a fear of the unknown.

This was especially true for the martial practitioners apart from Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng who looked first at Yan Zhaoge and then the two of them as they felt on tenterhooks, “Nine leaves blossoming nine flowers are already so powerful, presiding over all their peers. Now, how powerful an existence could that ten leaves blossoming ten flowers person be?”

Regaining their wits, the gazes with which Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng were looking at Yan Zhaoge were filled with an intense desire for battle.

Yan Zhaoge’s current expression was calm as the clear current formed of the Sweet Pouring Raindrops as no ripples could be seen in it at all.

“In having come to this Deep Sea Corridor, it was because I have a matter to take care of. Before having come here, I did not know that the two of you were planning to fight here.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, smiling as he said, “Even now, I am of no mind to interfere with your battle. If you want to fight for the title of number one Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster, just do it as you wish. Why do you have to look for me?”

Zhang Haocheng said mildly, “Yet, you are currently in the Deep Sea Corridor where we are to hold our duel.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “I am indeed just passing by, staying temporarily for a time. When I am done with my matter, I will naturally leave. Not having completed what I am here to do, I just cannot switch locations.”

“However, in actual fact, I staying in this water vein here does not influence the two of you duelling. If you really want to decide a victor and determine who the number one Essence Spirit expert is, you can just fight between yourselves. It isn’t important at all whether I am here…”

Li Sheng strode forward, the sabre-light around him retracted and not visible but the baleful qi and killing intent about his entire body instead more sharp and decisive, “I underestimated you earlier, not having thought that your foundation would actually be so sturdy.”

“Still, ten leaves blossoming ten flowers might not definitely be able to win against my nine leaves blossoming nine flowers.”

“In having wanted to act just now, it was because you were a hindrance.”

“Now, however, as compared to Zhang Haocheng, I wish to battle with you even more!”

Yan Zhaoge blinked, “Why is that necessary? There really is no real conflict or enmity between us. Instead, I am rather more interested in spectating this duel between the two of you from the side.”

He was indeed interested in spectating this duel between Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng. Their relatively powerful cultivation bases was not the only reason for this. Most importantly, the current scene had awakened some of Yan Zhaoge’s memories from long ago, causing him to find it somewhat flavourful and entertaining as a result.

Something along the likes of ‘On the night of the full moon, a battle atop the Forbidden City’.

Such a classic scene, such a cool battle in the limelight-he wished that he too would have the chance to be part of such a world-shaking battle watched by all under the heavens in the future…

His gaze shifting between Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng, Yan Zhaoge commented rather interestedly, “There is no number one scholar, and there is no number two martial artist. The top two of the top ten ranked Essence Spirit experts have never truly clashed head on before. The rankings were arranged by others, and they have always been in contention.”

“Finally having the chance to clash today in a decisive battle at the Deep Sea Corridor, the victor will be the undisputed number one Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster expert. There will be no future contention about this thereon in the future, the title completely and rightly deserved.”

“You are divided between Good and Evil, and this battle can create an overarching momentum for your side, seeing whether it is Evil that can never defeat Good or Evil that has diminished the Good.”

“As soon as the result of this battle spreads, it will surely become a legendary story of the Vast Ocean World. I view that your strengths are indeed unordinary. If you do not die young, you will definitely become legendary pillars of these heavens and earth in the future, today’s battle also destined to become part of your future legend.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, smiling, “With such great stuff ahead of you, why do you have to create unnecessary trouble for yourselves?”

Li Sheng strode forward once more, his sharp sabre-intent beginning to lock down on Yan Zhaoge, “Not having battled with you, how can I know myself to be number one?”

However, just as he had locked onto Yan Zhaoge with his sabre-qi, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze abruptly grew bright, piercing into his eyes such that they hurt!

Yan Zhaoge said calmly, “To be honest, your reaction instead makes me think better of you. How can a martial practitioner be submissive, let alone to one at the same cultivation level? Whoever is stronger and whoever is weaker will naturally be known with a battle. Wanting to battle with me is only a natural thing.”

“However, you seem to have misunderstood something?”

Amidst his words, the spiritual flowers within the scene above Yan Zhaoge’s head swayed as the profound runes gradually showed signs of merging.

Everyone was stunned, “This is…wanting to form his spirit talisman, stepping into the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm!”

Raising his head and looking at the scene of spirit leaves and flowers up above him, Yan Zhaoge then said mildly, “In having manifested my spirit flowers and spirit leaves, it was not because I wanted to fight. It is because I myself am about to perform my breakthrough.”

“I am a little interested in watching the two of you duelling. However, my interest in personally clashing with the two of you is not great.”

“You actually don’t have to mind me, because I will soon no longer be an Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster. Not battling with me, you will still be able to determine who the number one Essence Spirit expert is.”

Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng both felt stifled.

Looking at the rather dazed Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng, Yan Zhaoge laughed, “You see, I don’t usually do things like masquerading as a pig to eat a tiger. When the mood comes every so often, I might actually play that once in a while, but most of the time, I really won’t do it.”

“If a wolf wants to eat a tiger, they can masquerade as a pig, causing the tiger to feel complacent. That is a very natural thing.”

“When a dragon wants to eat a tiger, why masquerade as a pig?”

While his tone was mild, it deeply impacted the hearts of everyone here.

Zhang Haocheng was silent for a moment before he finally strode forward, saying in a heavy tone, “Water Crystal Palace’s Zhang Haocheng. Please instruct me.”

Li Sheng inhaled deeply before a brilliant light shot out from within his eyes, “I heard that your name is Yan Zhaoge? Surnamed Yan, there is enmity between us now. This Li wants to stop your advancement into the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm!”

“The enmity from obstructing one’s dao is as great as the killing of one’s parents.”

Li Sheng roared explosively, “With such a great enmity, you should be willing to fight, right?”

Looking at Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng, admiration instead surfaced within Yan Zhaoge’s gaze.

The merging runes above his head shockingly came to a temporary halt.

Nodding appreciatively, Yan Zhaoge then extended his hand and made a ‘please’ gesture towards the two, “Your hearts towards the martial dao are pure and determined. Alright, let us exchange moves then.”

While he was clearly much younger than Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng and in the late Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster realm as well, looking at Yan Zhaoge now, everyone could not help but feel like they were gazing up at a lofty mountain.

Elder Dong of Water Crystal Palace and Elder Yue of the Dragon Slayer Sect were both longtime Martial Grandmaster experts of the Essence Talisman stage.

Initially, they had been somewhat angered by Yan Zhaoge’s words as well, only having stayed their hand due to being vigilant of Fu Enshu who was present by the side.

Now, however, their expressions had become solemn to the extreme as they looked at the runes above Yan Zhaoge’s head that had temporarily come to a halt in their merging.

Advancements into a higher cultivation level were usually gone through all at once. Many a times, it was dependent on fortune and luck, requiring one to go all out, entailing a risk.

However, who had ever been like Yan Zhaoge, going on with his breakthrough as he said that he wanted his breakthrough and halting temporarily as he said that he wanted to halt temporarily?

Yan Zhaoge’s temporary halting did not entail failure, did not entail that he had given up on this current chance. Instead, it meant that so long as he wanted to, he could continue with his current breakthrough at any time!

Such casualness-how could he still be seen as a mere late Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster?

Even Elder Dong and the other Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters felt greatly shocked and totally unable to see through Yan Zhaoge at all as they looked at him.