Chapter 514: The Youngest Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster!

HSSB514: The youngest Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster!

Yan Zhaoge was enveloped completely by the light within the sea.

Above his head, the numerous runes merged, coming together to form a single mysterious spirit talisman.

While that spirit talisman appeared extremely simple, it seemed to contain infinite principles as it was extremely hard to describe.

Yan Zhaoge looked upwards. This was his true martial spirit talisman.

With this talisman having been formed, he had already officially stepped into the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm!

Yan Zhaoge smiled, the essence talisman above his head suddenly changing, no longer being that simple, no longer being that profound, becoming describable as it was vast as the great clear skies.

The next moment, his essence talisman changed again, resembling a coiling green dragon that seemed to traverse the clouds in its entirety as radiance flickered.

His essence talisman changed yet once more, transforming into purplish-red blazing fire that was agglomerated together, resembling a pill furnace.

One essence talisman, countless phenomena, countless variations. These all-inclusive scenes displayed the essence of the many martial arts Yan Zhaoge was proficient in.

Finally, with a mere thought on Yan Zhaoge’s part, this essence talisman was retracted within his head as the radiance around his entire body was also retracted.

As the radiance faded, those on the outside were finally able to clearly see Yan Zhaoge’s features.

While Yan Zhaoge was just sitting calmly there, no changes seemingly having happened with him at all, everyone present knew that this youth who had just appeared before them was already an Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster!

As they had earlier thought, it was not a matter of whether he could step into the Essence Talisman stage but merely a matter of whether he wanted to or not.

Halting when he wanted to halt, resuming when he wanted to resume, all smoothly going by his desires.

As the Vast Ocean World martial practitioners looked at Yan Zhaoge’s youthful features now, they were all greatly shaken inwardly.

This was not an adjusting of features by one’s profound arts or having resumed his youthful appearance using its power.

Instead, his outer appearance was completely in line with his actual age.

In the long history of the Vast Ocean World following the time of the Great Calamity, when had an Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster as young as this ever appeared?

Now, everyone exchanged shocked looks, “Wait! Let alone Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters, has there even ever been such a young Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster before?”

Carefully thinking about this, everyone was completely lost for words.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge now, Fu Enshu was silent for a long time.

After a while, she sighed softly, “Yan Di, other things aside, in terms of progressing in his cultivation base, your son has truly surpassed you.”

“While he was not able to surpass your youngest Martial Grandmaster record, you still didn’t manage to attain the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm at the age of twenty-five, right? Speaking of which, Zhaoge’s twenty-fifth birthday is just right around the corner. Your son has truly surpassed you now.”

How incomparably difficult it was to attain the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm.

Whether it was in the Eight Extremities World or here in the Vast Ocean World, Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters were all figures which stood at the peak of power.

Many martial practitioners were unable to achieve those heights their entire lives, their longevities depleted and their bodies ageing as they trudged helplessly on towards the end of their lives.

Due to the increased longevity of Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters, living longer than their disciples and their disciples after them whose cultivation bases were comparatively lower was really not a rare thing at all.

Their disciples and grand disciples already having stepped into their later years, old and soon reaching their demise, they themselves, whilst being even older, still remained middle-aged or even in their youth in terms of the great difference in longevities between them.

It was just that an Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster as young as Yan Zhaoge had truly never been heard of before.

Whether it was Fu Enshu who came from the Eight Extremities World or the Vast Ocean World martial practitioners, they all felt rather conflicted as they looked at Yan Zhaoge now.

Just having met defeat by Yan Zhaoge’s hand, Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng were rendered even more speechless.

That Elder Yue of the Dragon Slayer Sect only recovered a moment later, knitting his brows slightly as he looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Is he a disciple of the Sacred Evil Sect? If he is, he definitely cannot be permitted to live!”

“But if he isn’t, just where did such a figure suddenly appear from? Never having heard of him before, with him suddenly appearing now, what exactly is it for? Is he an enemy or a friend?”

Elder Dong of Water Crystal Palace and the other Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters present were all filled with doubts as well at this moment.

Fu Enshu stood beside Yan Zhaoge, looking indifferently at the people before them.

Everyone noticed now that while Yan Zhaoge had successfully stepped into the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm, he had still not left that water vein formed of Sweet Pouring Raindrops.

Meanwhile, there was still another figure that was indistinctly visible within that water vein.

All of them felt even more uncertain at this.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, the people of Water Crystal Palace and the Dragon Slayer Sect felt rather more conflicted.

Their most outstanding descendants had been defeated by Yan Zhaoge, becoming Yan Zhaoge’s stepping stone as his fame shook the entire Vast Ocean World. Their sect’s prestige having been damaged, they felt extremely unhappy at this.

However, the two combatants in question, Zhang Haocheng and Li Sheng, did not really appear infuriated as they instead seemed somewhat willing to admit their inferiority to him. With this, the others of Water Crystal Palace and the Dragon Slayer Sect were not really able to flare up.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was calm as he said mildly, “This Yan said earlier that I just came here to complete a matter. Having accomplished that matter, I will naturally leave.”

“It looks like the arranged battle between the two of you truly cannot proceed now. I too feel rather regretful at that. Still, with your talent, I believe that you would have gained something from this.”

“If you of Water Crystal Palace and the Dragon Slayer Sect still want to act against me, that is fine as well. I will receive all of it.”

“Still, I estimate that those who are determined to pick a fight with me should be arriving by now?” As he said this, Yan Zhaoge laughed lightly, his gaze sweeping across the Sprit Rhino Island martial practitioners who instantly all shivered simultaneously.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I am not very clear on this Sacred Evil Sect that you speak of. My aunt and I come from beyond the seas, not falling into the categories of your Seven Pillars of Good and Six Evil Sects.”

“In having come here this time, I indeed have a motive. Still, it is not Water Crystal Palace or the Dragon Slayer Sect that I want to find but instead Changli Mountain.”

Their hearts all jolted before they pondered deeply on his words.

After Elder Dong of Water Crystal Palace had communicated with the people of the Spirit Returning Sect, he glanced at the people of Spirit Rhino Island as he felt rather uncertain as well.

Changli Mountain being on good terms with Water Crystal Palace, Elder Dong frowned as he asked, “Yet, are you friend or foe with Changli Mountain? In going to the Directionless Sea this time, is it to seek revenge?”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, laughing, “That will have to wait until I have arrived at Changli Mountain. However, bar any unexpected occurrences, it should most likely be friend rather than foe.”

Hearing his words, those of the forces of Good all appeared to have unconsciously relaxed greatly.

Meanwhile, those on the side of Evil all involuntarily tensed up as the gazes with which they looked at Yan Zhaoge instantly turned more guarded.

Yan Zhaoge, however, was not much concerned at all by this as he sat cross-legged amidst the light emitted by the Sweet Pouring Raindrops.

As Elder Yue of the Dragon Slayer Sect looked at Yan Zhaoge with his eyes narrowed into slits, he suddenly asked, “You are looking for Changli Mountain, and the people who are looking for you are of Spirit Rhino Island?”

Yan Zhaoge answered nonchalantly, “That’s right.”

Water Crystal Palace’s Elder Dong asked, “Why are they looking for you?”

As he was saying this, the hearts of the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters present all jolted slightly as they turned and gazed into the distance.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Oh, he’s here. Let him explain it himself.”

Extremely strong power fluctuations appeared over the great sea in the distance, its inherent will causing everyone here to feel a chill within their hearts!