Chapter 532: Just One Of Your Finger’S Not Gonna Cut It

532: Just one of your finger’s not gonna cut it

The Nine Dragon Fingers, a Sacred Artifact of nine fingers.

However, one of these fingers was currently grasped within the hand of Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone, shaking unceasingly yet unable to break free.

Nian Chen looked like his eyeballs were about to implode while Shen Shicheng and the others were greatly shocked as well.

They wanted to attack, but the foreign dimension that they were currently in began to collapse.

The Northern Ocean Clone descended, following Yan Zhaoge in leaping into the flickering radiance down below.

Nian Chen howled in rage, ignoring his injuries as he sought out with his claw once more, clawing out towards Yan Zhaoge. The Northern Ocean Clone raised his hand, blocking the attack.

They clashed in mid-air, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone descending at an accelerated speed towards the radiance at the bottom of the valley while Nian Chen was sent flying back upwards by the force of the collision.

“I’ve said that I’m currently busy looking for someone,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “Still, you can rest assured that this matter is not over yet. I’m only temporarily leaving your remaining eight fingers deposited on your hands. When this is all over, we can slowly have fun again.”

Seeing Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone vanish, Nian Chen’s unresigned howl reverberated throughout the surrounding space.

While they wanted to pursue him, the surrounding space was currently shattering unceasingly. The people of the Blood Dragon Sect could only first resist these changes and protect themselves.

When all was calm once more with the radiance before their eyes already having dispersed, Yan Zhaoge and his Northern Ocean Clone were nowhere to be seen.

Nian Chen’s face was sunken as water, dark to a terrifying extent.

The surrounding Blood Dragon Sect martial practitioners all felt despondent as well.

“Master…” As Shen Shicheng came to Nian Chen’s side, the latter spit out the words as he looked at the bloodied wound on his right hand, “I can feel the coordinates of the dragon finger which has been wrested away. He and that little bastard surnamed Shi will be escaping nowhere!”

Shen Shicheng nodded, “I have contacted Chief Yan of Myriad Sword Pool. I’m just afraid that Water Crystal Palace might dispatch people over as well.”

Nian Chen said, “Water Crystal Palace hopes for both sides to suffer losses. That Yan Zhaoge having gone over to Changli Mountain’s side, do you think their two sects will still be as close as before?”

“Tell them that my grandson is dead, and I’ve definitely got to exact my vengeance. Whoever stands in my way is my sworn enemy!”

Nian Chen’s gaze was calm whilst also frenzied, “Spread the news that this Yan Zhaoge is in the Star Shifting Sea. His enemies are similarly many. Now that this old man is bearing the greatest pressure over at the forefront, there will be many who want to kick him when he is down.”

“The Sacred Evil Sect, the Evil Shifting Sect, Spirit Rhino Island…all the forces of Evil, even. Do you think they will just watch on as this kid goes over to Changli Mountain’s side?”

“Even if he is fully forged of metal, I want to see how many kilograms of nails he can take!”

A Blood Dragon Sect longtime Elder said solemnly from beside him, “However, others may also make use of this chance to attack us when we are vulnerable…”

Nian Chen said coldly, “Therefore, contact Myriad Sword Pool. We don’t need them to deal with this Yan Zhaoge. All they need to do is guard our backs. I just want to take revenge, claiming the lives of those two youngsters!”

“If that fella surnamed Yan is killed, everything he possesses can go to Myriad Sword Pool. Yan Gang could be able to earn all his possessions without even having to do anything.”

The Blood Dragon Sect martial practitioners all looked rather hesitant. Nian Chen’s gaze swept over them, causing all of them to feel a fearful chill as they could only nod silently.

Nian Chen raised his palm, Nian Wei’s corpse appearing, “I have already secured Wei’er’s body such that it was not destroyed in the foreign dimension.”

“Send it back to the sect and keep it properly. Do not bury it first. I want the head of that Shi Jun in tribute to him,” Nian Chen’s expression eased slightly as he nodded towards Shen Shicheng, “I will do my best. Ying’er will be fine.”

He swivelled his head to look at the great sea before him, his expression turning vicious once more, “We chase!”

……

Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone traversed the multiple layers of radiance together.

After a while, the light before their eyes gradually faded, objects returning to their field of vision once more.

What appeared before Yan Zhaoge was, shockingly, a massive palace.

Yan Zhaoge swivelled his head to look at the Northern Ocean Clone. The Northern Ocean Clone was not moving, but one of his fists was clenched tightly, his palm shuddering slightly.

Within his palm was clenched the wrested dragon finger which seemed as though it had a mind of its own as it was struggling unceasingly.

The Northern Ocean Clone had it suppressed with its great power such that it was unable to break free. However, against the Northern Ocean Clone, that portion of a glove was still unwilling to submit.

Yan Zhaoge felt for a moment and curled his lips, “Being incomplete, it cannot be refined.”

He glanced around. There were dark reefs behind him. Through the radiance of the earth in the valley of that foreign dimension, he had travelled through space, coming elsewhere.

The reefs were damp. Feeling the spiritual qi veins here, Yan Zhaoge determined that he was currently beneath the reefs at the bottom of the sea within the earth’s crust itself.

Here, a massive cave had been additionally excavated, the power of a barrier vaguely helping to conceal it from the surrounding area.

Therefore, as one passed by the great sea overhead, it would hard for them to detect that a unique space like this actually existed beneath the reefs at the depths of the sea.

“There’s indeed a problem,” Yan Zhaoge thought.

That foreign dimension just now had been firm beyond Yan Zhaoge’s expectations.

Faced with the battle between the Northern Ocean Clone and the Nine Dragon Fingers that had been at the level of Martial Saints, the foreign dimension had been able to hold on for quite a long time before it collapsed.

The foreign dimension being connected to this place, it must not be simple at all.

Staring at the dragon finger caught within the palm of the Northern Ocean Clone, Yan Zhaoge gradually came to an understanding, “The rest of the glove with its eight fingers must be constantly communicating with it. Like this, the people of the Blood Dragon Sect should be able to find their way here based upon this connection.”

As Yan Zhaoge pondered, he prepared to suppress it with the pillar of the Divine Palace.

However, right after he had taken out the pillar of the Divine Palace, Yan Zhaoge felt it shake suddenly as it nearly broke free of his control.

Yan Zhaoge’s heart jolted slightly.

The pillar of the Divine Palace already having been in his possession for so long, followed by his constant diligent refinement of it, it was already to the extent where he had gradually become able to wield it like he would the fingers on his hands.

He had never seen it seemingly about to lose control like how it had just been before.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze fell on the palace before him. He saw that the exterior of the palace appeared rather simple and crude, with its lines being very extremely rough as well.

While it looked to be a palace, one might just call it a massive stone hut that appeared primordial to the extreme as it was filled with an air of wilderness.

However, as Yan Zhaoge appraised it with his gaze, he felt that this stone palace felt as though it had been formed of nature, not having passed through human hands.

It was as though the palace had just come into being on its own, not having been artificially created.

Yan Zhaoge knew that nature would often miraculously create some extraordinary scenes, such as rocks that were extremely like certain objects or perhaps seemed humanlike whilst also beastlike, their shapes strange yet looking vividly and realistically similar.

They seemed as though they had been made by human hands, yet were indeed formed of nature.

It was just that this palace before him appeared too crude to have been constructed artificially yet also too fine to have been constructed by nature, possessing both these traits at the same time.

“How should I describe it?” Yan Zhaoge walked rather interestedly towards that palace, “It is as if the heavens and earth here possess a consciousness and thus constructed this kind of human palace.”

People executing arts were naturally very common. Nature imitating the creations of humans-now that would really be rather extraordinary.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the jade sword within his hand, its reaction towards its counterpart having decreased greatly.

This meant that Shi Jun was currently getting further and further away from Yan Zhaoge.

Logically speaking, the sword that Shi Jun possessed should be able to detect the one Yan Zhaoge was holding as well. Now that it was unceasingly getting further away, it did feel rather unusual.