Chapter 533: Beam Of The Divine Palace

HSSB533: Beam of the Divine Palace

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before swivelling his head to look at that portion of glove in the hand of the Northern Ocean Clone.

After a moment, he laughed lightly, arranging for the Northern Ocean Clone to guard it well such that it would just not escape.

Afterwards, holding the pillar of the Divine Palace in the form of a miniaturised stone rod in his left hand and that jade sword in his right, Yan Zhaoge strode towards that ordinary-looking yet mystery-concealing palace before him.

The entire palace was formed of rock. Yan Zhaoge observed carefully for a moment, noting that the rock with which this palace was formed was completely in line with the rock of the reefs outside.

The similarity was to the point where the two no longer had to be differentiated, with it even seeming as though the stone room had been completely and naturally ‘born’ within the stone cavern.

As Yan Zhaoge stepped within the great hall, the pillar of the Divine Palace in his left hand instantly shook intensely.

…As though there was something calling out to it.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and gazed upwards. He saw a massive beam supporting the ceiling of the great hall that was exceptionally obtrusive.

This was because the material of the great beam was different from that of the rest of the entire stone palace. It had not been born of this stone cavern, instead appearing to be made of something that was neither stone nor gold not wood as it was not easy to identify at all.

The great beam shone with a seven-coloured lustre, the profound radiance dangling down below like numerous threads of silk.

Looking at this great beam, Yan Zhaoge suddenly smiled.

Numerous patterns that flickered with radiance surfaced on the exterior of the great beam, a profound concept emanating from within.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Indeed, it is a beam of the past Divine Palace. No wonder the pillar of the Divine Palace reacted to it.”

That great beam seemed to have been attracted by the pillar of the Divine Palace as well as it began shaking increasingly intensely, both of them being drawn to each other.

Yan Zhaoge leapt and arrived before the beam. Carefully observing this great beam, he gradually came to an understanding.

“So it was like this. The entire palace originated from this one beam of the Divine Palace,” He realised.

The great beam of the Divine Palace had landed here. Due to its spirituality, it had gradually assimilated with the surrounding environment, gathering the surrounding rock and earth around itself as such a simplistic stone palace had gradually been formed.

This palace had really not been touched by human hands before, because it creator was precisely this beam here.

Looking first at the great beam and then at the pillar of the Divine Palace in his hand, Yan Zhaoge felt rather emotional for a time.

At this moment, he felt as though he was flowing slowly in reverse along the river of time, returning to that era of before the Great Calamity.

This was a feeling of the mind, his soul seemingly in the midst of being washed by time.

Yan Zhaoge exhaled slowly, stabilising his mind and helping his will to break free of that lost, dazed state.

He carefully checked that great beam of the Divine Palace, seeing the streams of radiance on its surface gradually form an intricate spirit array.

The spirit array appeared extremely profound and hard to comprehend. However, after Yan Zhaoge had appraised it for a bit, he came to an understanding, “It is used for short distance spatial transference.”

Having understood this, Yan Zhaoge could not help but sigh.

He now understood why the reaction of the jade sword had instead weakened, with Shi Jun quickly getting further and further away from him.

Shi Jun had probably discovered this place as well. While examining this great beam of the Divine Palace, he had activated this spirit formation before being transferred away by the array.

Yan Zhaoge lightly tapped the beam before extending his finger and touching that spirit array.

Radiance instantly converged, sweeping Yan Zhaoge along as the boundaries of space seemed to have been wiped away at this moment.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, placing the miniaturised pillar of the Divine Palace that now resembled a stone rod against the surface of the great beam.

The pillar and the beam instantly shook together.

The Northern Ocean Clone exerted force, gripping the dragon finger-glove with one hand whilst grabbing the great beam of the Divine Palace with the other.

The great beam shook mightily, separating from that stone palace as it landed in the hand of the Northern Ocean Clone.

As that spatial transference spirit array lost the great beam as its foundation, it instantly became unstable. However, Yan Zhaoge had already made use of this chance to disappear amidst the radiance together with the Northern Ocean Clone, making use of the spirit array’s final burst of power to leave this underwater stone cavern.

It was just that amidst the spatial transference process, accompanied by the direct contact between the pillar and beam of the Divine Palace, numerous streams of spiritual qi surged out from the great beam.

Numerous scenes of light suddenly surfaced within Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

Just like when he had obtained the pillar of the Divine Palace back then, these numerous scenes seemed to record the events of ever since the calamity back then. After the Divine Palace had been destroyed, as a small, remnant portion of it, it had fallen down from above the nine heavens. All that this great beam of the Divine Palace had experienced in the many years thereafter was recorded here.

Most of these scenes were unchanging, only reflecting this great beam of the Divine Palace it was buried beneath the depths of the Star Shifting Sea of the Vast Ocean World. Accompanied by the gradual recovery of its spirituality, it had caused a change in the surrounding rock and earth around it as a stone palace was created with it as the centre, a process that was fully depicted.

This was an extremely lengthy, slow, gradual process.

Initially, the stone palace appeared even more crude and simplistic than it was now. Along with the passing of time, it had gradually become more fine and intricate.

Yan Zhaoge believed that if he had not taken this great beam away this day, some decades or even centuries later, that stone palace beneath the sea would appear even more intricate, looking as though it had been delicately and painstakingly carved out by countless artisans.

Meanwhile, in the numerous scenes recorded by this great beam of the Divine Palace, what caught Yan Zhaoge’s attention the most was that many years thereafter, there had shockingly also been someone who had found the underwater stone cavern.

However, it was not that woman who was related to the Extreme Yin Crown, instead being a black-clothed middle-aged man.

His skin was pale and his expression severe. His cultivation base appeared to be inferior to that of that woman, seeming as though he had yet to reach the Martial Saint realm. He was either an Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster or a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster.

Seeing the great beam of the Divine Palace, the middle-aged man was first shocked and then enraptured.

He had also tried to obtain the great beam of the Divine Palace, yet having ultimately been unsuccessful in doing so.

The black-clothed middle-aged man’s gaze cleared up somewhat as he murmured to himself, “It can’t be wrong, it can’t be wrong…this is a treasure of pre-Great Calamity times! And it is a truly remarkable treasure at that! It is likely related to the Divine Palace of the Heavenly Court that the legends speak of!”

“Perhaps it was even a portion of that Divine Palace! What a pity, what a pity. How might I be able to take it away from this place?”

The black-robed middle-aged man stayed for many days, yet could only helplessly give up in the end as he was ultimately unable to take away the great beam of the Divine Palace.

Still, he did not appear depressed, “It’s fine. I’ll just go and search for the burial grounds of numerous dragons entering the sea first. If I can obtain sufficient good fortune there and raise my strength, perhaps I can come back here again and take away this beam.”

“Haha, to think that there was actually such great fortune and treasures to be found in this mere Vast Ocean World. My trip down here this time round was definitely not wasted.”

Amidst his laughter, the black-clothed man turned and left, leaving the underwater stone cavern. The scenes that were related to him ended with that.

After he had left, this person had never appeared here again.

Quietly watching this scene, Yan Zhaoge’s thoughts flashed at lightning speed, innumerable thoughts flashing through his mind in an instant.