Chapter 541: Breaking Another Of Your Fingers!

HSSB541: Breaking another of your fingers!

The light of thunder exploded unceasingly as it broke apart. A figure that was completely enshrouded in thunderbolts shot over from down below, lunging towards Yan Zhaoge as well.

That momentum was even fiercer than that of the Chief of the Evil Shifting Sect, Feng Jingsheng!

The Chief of the Brilliant Thunder Sect of the Six Evil Sects, the ‘Crimson Thunder King’ Geng Hui!

In the Vast Ocean World, he was ranked first amongst the top ten Transcending Mortality experts!

Not considering Sacred Artifacts and Martial Saints, there was no one who could obtain victory over Geng Hui, a heavyweight of the forces of Evil. In terms of individual strength, he was inferior only to the Chief of the Dragon Slayer Sect Zhao Zhong, the Chief of Water Crystal Palace Lin Shi and the Chief of the Sacred Evil Sect, Lin Qiancheng, being ranked fourth in overall strength in the entire Vast Ocean World.

Even Nian Chen and Feng Jingsheng were rather taken aback by Geng Hui’s appearance.

Nian Chen’s shock soon turned to joy as he glared at Yan Zhaoge, saying coldly, “Let alone that brat surnamed Shi, you should first be worrying whether even you yourself might be able to make it out of this place alive!”

Seeing the Chief of the Brilliant Thunder Sect Geng Hui and the Chief of the Evil Shifting Sect Feng Jingsheng, the other martial practitioners on the side of Good all frowned.

Having always remained comparatively silent earlier, an Elder of Water Crystal Palace asked dissatisfiedly, “Elder Nian, you are joining hands with the Six Evil Sects?”

Nian Chen said coldly, “This kid surnamed Yan killed Fang Kan, and also how many others of our forces of Good? How is he not considered as being on the side of Evil?”

“This old man does not care what reasons you others have. But protecting the murderer who killed my grandson, he is my sworn enemy!”

“We can think about what is happening with the Brilliant Thunder Sect and the Evil Shifting Sect after he is dead. Now, there is no one who can stand in the way of my revenge!”

Saying thus, the Blood Dragon Avatar above his head struck down ferociously with a claw, wanting to tie down Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone.

The power of the Sacred Artifact was unleashed by him to the maximum as he executed the supreme martial art of the Blood Dragon Sect, Nine Dragon Slaughtering Divine Claw, once more. While there were only eight dragons left, with the assistance of the Blood Dragon Disgorges Orb secret art, its momentum still surged ferociously to the heavens.

At the same time, a jade light lit up in the distance once more.

A streak of light virtually arrived nearby in an instant.

“If the Dragon King wants to slay the little devil, my Spirit Rhino Island is willing to lend a hand!”

Amidst those words, an old man appeared before surging jade light descended towards Yan Zhaoge.

It was a longtime Elder of Spirit Rhino Island, its other Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster apart from Fang Kan, Guan Li.

Guan Li stared at Yan Zhaoge, “You killed our Chief and stole away our supreme treasure, the Spirit Rhino Orb! The heavens are just. Today, you will die!”

While this old man was not amongst the top ten Transcending Mortality experts, being a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster, he was similarly powerful and not to be underestimated.

Whilst being surrounded by multiple enemies, Yan Zhaoge instead laughed loudly.

Other than having appeared a little surprised at the arrival of the Chief of the Brilliant Thunder Sect, Geng Hui, Yan Zhaoge’s expression had not changed in the slightest as he now laughed loudly upon seeing Guan Li, “Good, come!”

The Northern Ocean Clone did not forcibly clash with Nian Chen’s claw, instead retreating.

Nian Chen was shocked as he saw the Northern Ocean Clone draw on his strength and speed, breaking free of the effects of the spatial concept of the Nine Dragon Slaughtering Divine Claw as he directly whizzed backwards in retreat.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Without anything else to worry about, let us have a hearty battle.”

Having evaded Nian Chen, the Northern Ocean Clone retreated back to Yan Zhaoge’s side. As he opened his palm, it was like he had stolen the sky and changed the sun, his palm containing the principles of the heavens and the earth as it seemed infinitely big.

Yan Zhaoge, Xu Fei, Shi Jun and the other Changli Mountain martial practitioners were all kept within the palm of the Northern Ocean Clone.

Afterwards, not even staying, the Northern Ocean Clone’s figure flashed as he evaded Nian Chen once more before abruptly shooting over towards Feng Jingsheng, Geng Hui and Guan Li, those three Martial Grandmasters!

His first target was Guan Li, the weakest amongst the three!

At this moment, the Northern Ocean Clone seemed to have transformed into the great roc of legend as he instantly ripped apart the heavens and earth, arriving before Guan Li.

Guan Li was greatly shocked. The projections of the Spirit Rhino Palm as well as the speed of Spiritual Light Flashes that he was proficient in held no advantage before the Northern Ocean Divine Spear at all.

As he panickedly retreated backwards, one of the arms of Guan Li’s true martial avatar was directly smashed into smithereens by the punch of the Northern Ocean Clone!

The encirclement that had seemed to envelop the heavens and cover the earth earlier seemed no more than just a joke now.

As the viciously arrogant Nian Chen and the others saw this scene, their spirits were instantly dampened!

The Northern Ocean Clone opened his mouth, Yan Zhaoge’s voice emerging from within, “Nian Chen, you really have a terrible memory. You seem to have forgotten why you previously lost to me.”

“Wanting to surround my Northern Ocean Clone, you should have someone who can keep up with me in speed in the very least. Otherwise, to me, there wouldn’t be much of a difference between beating you up alone and beating up a whole bunch of people at the same time at all.”

“If that old man of Spirit Rhino Island were a Martial Saint or perhaps had a Sacred Artifact, maybe you people would still have a bit of a chance.”

The Northern Ocean Clone laughed loudly as he shot into the skies, avoiding Nian Chen’s attack once more.

Currently, he was completely not clashing with Nian Chen at all as he instead targeted Feng Jingsheng, Geng Hui and Guan Li.

Nian Chen’s face was livid. He knew the advantage that the speed of the Northern Ocean Clone afforded him.

Therefore, he had executed Nine Dragon Slaughtering Divine Claw as soon as he had appeared, hoping to be able to restrict the movements of the Northern Ocean Clone.

However, Nian Chen was shocked to discover that the Northern Ocean Clone seemed even faster than during the last time they had clashed!

If it was still the speed of last time, he would have had a chance of restricting the movements of the Northern Ocean Clone. Now, however, even going all out, he was still left far behind in the dust.

There was no way that he could have known that over this period of time, other than his original Northern Ocean Divine Spear, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone had been cultivating in other supreme martial arts of pre-Great Calamity times as well, his speed reaching a whole new level.

Usually, even while Guan Li was not amongst the top ten Transcending Mortality experts, he was still able to reign supreme within the Vast Ocean World due to his high cultivation base.

Not considering the Sacred Artifact, the Nine Dragon Fingers, Geng Hui was even stronger than Nian Chen, with Feng Jingsheng also being at around the same level as Nian Chen.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone’s extreme speed was such that the three Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmasters were completely dominated by him.

Greatly hating Shi Jun and Yan Zhaoge, Nian Chen pursued him doggedly.

Yet, he was taken by surprise as the Northern Ocean Clone suddenly disregarded the trio and shot before him.

Clashing with the nine-fingered claw of Nian Chen’s Blood Dragon Avatar with his fist, the Northern Ocean Clone’s other hand grabbed down on one of its fingers!

Nian Chen screamed tragically as another of his fingers was broken off!

“There are still seven,” The Northern Ocean Clone laughed heartily, “I’ve told you. Those fingers of yours are only temporarily deposited on your hands by me.”

Geng Hui and the other two made use of this chance to attack. Yet, the Northern Ocean Clone did not hang around as he shot off away once more, continuing to kite them in the same manner.

The Northern Ocean Clone found another chance, shaking off Nian Chen who was angered to the point of steam exiting all his seven orifices and lunging before the Chief of the Brilliant Thunder Sect, Geng Hui.

Enveloped by thunderbolts, Geng Hui punched outwards with both his fists to meet Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone.

As his two fists met the sole fist of the Northern Ocean Clone, the joints of Geng Hui’s entire body erupted with numerous crackling noises.

He grit his teeth, numerous violent thunderbolts suffusing the air, his massive Nine Heavens Blazing Thunder Avatar resembling a descended divinity of thunder as it forcibly resisted the Northern Ocean Divine Spear of the Northern Ocean Clone!

As the number one person of the Vast Ocean World beneath the Martial Saint realm, Geng Hui displayed a shocking strength.

The Northern Ocean Clone smiled coldly, exerting force with his fist once more.

Gigantic and boundless, the massive, unparalleled great fish bobbed amidst the vast black sea, a majestic, immense force shooting outwards as cracks instantly appeared on Geng Hui’s Nine Heavens Blazing Thunder Avatar!

Other than the power to soar through ten thousand li, this legendary creature that was a fish in water and a roc in the sky possessed the immense strength with which to preside arrogantly over the eight desolaces as well!