Chapter 579: It’S Otherworldly Experts I Am Beating!

HSSB579: It’s otherworldly experts I am beating!

The current Chief of the Sacred Sun Clan, Huang Xu, was slain by Yan Zhaoge with a single palm right outside of Broad Creed Mountain!

The remaining Sacred Sun Clan martial practitioners present were all dazed like wooden chickens.

Even Zhang Kun, He Ning and the others of Broad Creed Mountain felt lost for words for a time.

When Yan Zhaoge had appeared, they of Broad Creed Mountain had all felt complex emotions.

While Yan Zhaoge seemed like the main character of all this, the two experts of the Radiant Light Sect who had come to invade Broad Creed Mountain having come just for him as it seemed as if it was he who had brought disaster upon Broad Creed Mountain, when Yan Zhaoge had truly appeared, while they were feeling emotional at his sense of responsibility and rejoicing over him having survived the Seal of the East Sea, they had all inevitably felt rather worried for him.

After all, the enemies before them were just too powerful, having completely suppressed them all.

Already heavily injured, He Ning had originally been preparing to hand the Clear Qi Robe over to Zhang Kun so as to assist Yan Zhaoge.

Now, however, all the longtime Elders of Broad Creed Mountain fell dazed.

As they watched Yan Zhaoge stand against Yang Zhanhua and Jin Jie, those two powerful experts.

As they watched Yan Zhaoge send the Heaven Cleaving Axe into retreat with a single bamboo cane.

As they watched Yan Zhaoge slay Huang Xu of the Sacred Sun Clan with a single palm.

Even though Broad Creed Mountain and the Sacred Sun Clan had already long become irrevocable foes, seeing the head of their enemy’s Chief being blown to smithereens by a single palm of Yan Zhaoge’s , Zhang Kun and the others could not but shiver in their entirety.

It would have been fine if this was Yan Di or Yuan Zhengfeng, but Yan Zhaoge having slain Huang Xu so casually, not only were those of the Sacred Sun Clan dazed, even they of Broad Creed Mountain could not help but feel that the world before their eyes had become somewhat surreal.

Especially when even wielding the Sacred Artifact, the Heaven Cleaving Axe, Huang Xu had not been able to do anything to Yan Zhaoge at all.

Having slain Huang Xu with a single palm, no changes appeared in Yan Zhaoge’s expression whatsoever as the bamboo cane in his hands shook. Having already left Huang Xu’s control, the Heaven Cleaving Axe fell into Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

Emitting a dark light, the Heaven Cleaving Axe seemed to resist somewhat yet eventually fell silent.

Jin Jie’s face was livid.

He would not care even about the death of Huang Xu, the Chief of the Sacred Sun Clan.

However, Huang Xu having accompanied him and Yang Zhanhua in coming to Broad Creed Mountain, yet having died right in front of them at the hands of one of their number, how could Jin Jie not feel humiliated and enraged at that?

Yet, facing the Northern Ocean Clone who was also at the second level of the Martial Saint realm, possessed the Sacred Artifact, the Imperious Cold Martial Armour, and even wielded the Dragon Scales Spear, there had been no way for him to save Huang Xu at all as he had only been able to watch helplessly on as Yan Zhaoge slew him, obtaining the Heaven Cleaving Axe.

What caused Jin Jie to feel even more humiliated was the fact that even he himself was in a precarious situation now!

The Northern Ocean Clone’s violent spear shattered Jin Jie’s sword-light. While Jin Jie dodged with all his might, he was still wounded as blood splattered within the air.

Now, as the Myriad Dragon Palace shook unceasingly, the radiance in the form of dragons that it emitted gradually began to shatter.

An incomparably brightly glowing figure broke free of the suppression of the Myriad Dragon Palace!

Jin Jie was overjoyed; Yang Zhanhua had finally escaped!

With his Sacred Artifact, the Dawn Sun Crown, Yang Zhanhua would surely be able to stand against Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone along with the Imperious Cold Martial Armour.

The only thing he felt wary of was that strange dark green bamboo cane of Yan Zhaoge’s.

Jin Jie had just been about to warn Yang Zhanhua about it when following an illusory sweep of his spear, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone suddenly retreated.

Yet, it was not because he was afraid. Instead, he shot straight over like a meteor at a speed that was almost impossible to see, instantly arriving in the vicinity of Yang Zhanhua and the Myriad Dragon Palace!

Having been at a disadvantage and also being slower than the Northern Ocean Clone, Jin Jie wanted to obstruct him yet was unable to do so as he could only yell, “Zhanhua, careful!”

Yang Zhanhua had just rushed out of the suppression of the Myriad Dragon Palace, with the streams of dragon qi before him still yet to fully dissipate, when the world before his eyes suddenly changed.

A violent spear appeared just inches away from him in an instant!

Not having even the time to evade, Yang Zhanhua could only circulate his Radiant Light Illuminating Art to the maximum, merging it with the power of his Sacred Artifact, the Dawn Sun Crown as he executed the Radiant Light Sect’s direct lineage martial art, Inextinguishable Light Body, with all his might.

Light illuminated the area, eternal and inextinguishable, its brilliant radiance condensing about Yang Zhanhua’s body as he resembled a person of light.

His great defensive power resisted the attack of the Northern Ocean Clone whose spear was actually unable to break through the brilliant layer of light protecting him.

Even so, however, Yang Zhanhua was mightily knocked backwards into retreat.

Behind him, the gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace opened, resembling a massive dragon opening its jaws and swallowing him in a single gulp.

Then, the great gate shut with a bang, resembling the massive dragon closing its mouth.

Yang Zhanhua who had still been emitting brilliant light a moment ago instantly vanished without a trace as he was trapped by the Myriad Dragon Palace once more.

The change in the battle situation had really been too swift. Just having relaxed due to Yang Zhanhua seemingly having broken free, Jin Jie’s heart immediately grew tense once more.

Indeed, the Northern Ocean Clone did not pursue Yang Zhanhua into the Myriad Dragon Palace as he instead directed his spear at him once more, murderously shooting back over at lightning speed!

Bare-handed and only able to rely on his cultivation base, facing the Northern Ocean Clone who was armed to the teeth, Jin Jie was instantly placed in a nasty predicament as he was hard pressed to defend himself.

“Elder Lu and the others are hopefully still in that Earth Domain, having yet to go to the East Sea! If that is so, they should be able to hurry over very soon!” As he emitted a muffled groan, a jade pendant suddenly appeared in Jin Jie’s hand which he promptly mightily shattered.

Now, the Northern Ocean Clone strode forward, stabbing towards Jin Jie.

Jin Jie barely evaded it, but the Northern Ocean Clone strode out once more and closed the distance between the two, his speed like lightning. Then, he swept outwards with his spear towards Jin Jie’s chest.

Jin Jie spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. The Northern Ocean Clone was unrelenting in his momentum as grabbing the spear with his right hand, he struck out at lightning speed with his left hand, his Roc-Fish Divine Claw grabbing Jin Jie’s arm and rendering him unable to dodge.

Then, wielding the spear with his right hand, he sent it straight into Jin Jie’s chest!

Jin Jie did not look at the Northern Ocean Clone, instead glaring at the distant Yan Zhaoge, “Kid, what vicious methods!”

Yan Zhaoge said in an indifferent tone, “Is there still meaning in saying all this now?”

Blood leaked unceasingly from the corners of Jin Jie’s mouth, “I had originally just wanted to find you to learn about the location of that treasure from this world’s Earth Domain which once suppressed the crevice to the Nine Underworlds, but now you’re courting death! You, and your clan, are all doomed to perish!”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was calm, “Oh, the treasure that you’re looking for is with me. Still, I’m not intending to give it to you.”

Jin Jie glared, ‘You dare!”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change, “If we were speaking of equivalent exchange, perhaps. Still, from the looks of it, you do not find us equivalent and also have no intentions of an exchange. Also, I really doubt that you can have something that is even more valuable than this treasure.”

Jin Jie stared at Yan Zhaoge, “Kid, you really don’t know the height of the heavens and the boundlessness of the earth. Some treasures just cannot be held by you. That treasure is originally not something that your world can tolerate. Being in your possession now, you are bringing yourself trouble!”

“Offer it up to the Radiant Light Sect, and we will not ill-treat you. That is your only way out of this!”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Thus, you see, we are still fated to fight in the end. I say that I will be keeping it for myself, but you still seem to have no intentions of giving it up, still wanting to fight for it.”

“You want to snatch it, but I don’t want to give it to you. What then? We can only fight, obviously.”

“Otherworldly experts, haha,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “It’s precisely you otherworldly experts I am beating.”

The Northern Ocean Clone rampantly exerted strength.

Jin Jie roared, his eyes nearly popping out of their sockets, “You!”

Before he could finish speaking, the massive force of the roc had already split his chest open!