Chapter 582: The Two Of You Will Die Rather More Pitiably

HSSB582: The two of you will die rather more pitiably

Yang Zhanhua’s face was filled with incomparable shock right before his death.

He could not understand how Yan Zhaoge had dared to kill him, daring to domineeringly deal the final blow even with those of his sect watching!

If Yan Zhaoge had secretly killed him before fleeing and concealing himself, while he did not believe that Yan Zhaoge would be able to avoid the fate of death, he would still be able to understand his actions.

However, Yan Zhaoge had actually kept him alive till right before those of his sect had arrived, only then making his move.

As Yang Zhanhua saw it, this was already no longer a problem of audacity that matched the heavens. Instead, it was pure madness.

“Why did he dare to do this? Where does his confidence stem from? What is it all based upon?”

Even Yang Zhanhua who hailed from the Radiant Light Sect, possessing a strong cultivation base and a comprehensive knowledge base, could only feel like it was ridiculous beyond comprehension now.

Based on that Martial Saint clone? Yes, this second level Martial Saint clone was indeed extremely powerful, also possessing a Sacred Artifact. That was not wrong.

Based on that strange bamboo branch? Yes, Yang Zhanhua had never seen such a strange treasure in his life before that beat low-grade Sacred Artifacts like they were poor grandsons. That was not wrong.

Based on this palace that was overflowing with dragon qi? Yes, this palace could temporarily entrap an expert at the second level of the Martial Saint realm like him. That was not wrong.

However, all of these, when added together, were still too insufficient a basis for him to have made such a decision of utter madness!

It was still unknown whether all these combined would be of help against a single expert at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, much less three!

Yang Zhanhua felt his life force gradually flowing away, the glow gradually leaving his eyes as it lost its focus.

The final scene that lingered within his vision was of those three people as they appeared in the distant horizon through the open gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Liu Feng, an expert of the third level of the Martial Saint realm, being a guest Elder rather than of the Radiant Light Sect’s direct lineage just like Jin Jie, yet still possessing a shocking cultivation base that was sufficient for rampantly acting in the Eight Extremities World as he liked.

Sun Hao, an expert of the third level of the Martial Saint realm, of the direct lineage of the Radiant Light Sect. He cultivated in the Sun Moon Interchanging Art of the three direct lineage paths of the Radiant Light Sect, which was domineering and unrivalled alongside the Radiant Light Illuminating Art that he cultivated in.

Deng Sen, an expert of the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm and his direct lineage senior apprentice-uncle. He was the strongest expert of the Radiant Light Sect who had descended into the Eight Extremities World this time, being even stronger than the previous two.

Yang Zhanhua believed that even if that Yan Di at the East Sea truly possessed the strength of an expert at the third level of the Martial Saint realm as was rumoured, as long as Deng Sen was there, there would be no overturning the heavens for him.

With these three powerful experts making a move, Yang Zhanhua was truly unable to imagine how Yan Zhaoge might stand against them.

However, all of this was already irrelevant to him.

The spear of the Northern Ocean Clone completely eradicated all of his life!

Following Jin Jie, yet another second level Martial Saint, the Martial Saint Yang Zhanhua of the direct lineage of the Radiant Light Sect of the World beyond Worlds, perished at Broad Creed Mountain!

All of this was seen by everyone.

At this moment, everyone instead had no other thoughts in their mind as they were shocked to the point of near numbness.

Meanwhile, as the three great experts of the Radiant Light Sect descended simultaneously from the distance, everyone’s hearts trembled as their minds seemed to turn completely blank.

As the trio got closer, the surrounding space around Broad Creed Mountain was rumbling as the heavens and the earth seemed to be suffering some sort of immense pressure such that they might all collapse in their entirety at any moment.

That powerful force seemed to already have surpassed the bearable limits of the universe, wanting to break the very sky apart.

The scene of Yang Zhanhua’s death fell within the eyes of the trio as well.

The three great experts were all stunned, not having thought that Yan Zhaoge might actually dare to mercilessly kill Yang Zhanhua right before their very eyes.

What followed thereafter was rage.

Yang Zhanhua’s direct lineage senior apprentice-uncle and the most powerful of the trio, Deng Sen, strode outwards, instantly arriving within the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Where he passed, space collapsed in chunks as the spirit patterns of the Clear Qi Grand Formation directly shattered, dissipating within the air.

As Deng Sen stepped into the Myriad Dragon Palace, the dragon qi within it instantly surged.

However, all-illuminating light was emitted from Deng Sen’s entire body which sent the streams of dragon qi away. Now, he struck out towards the Northern Ocean Clone with his palm.

The Northern Ocean Clone was sent flying backwards. Deng Sen received Yang Zhanhua’s body, unceasingly infusing his true essence within.

Yang Zhanhua’s body began emitting a glow as his skin seemed to have regained its colour. However, he still emitted no aura.

His face sunken as water, Deng Sen’s true essence surged unceasingly as he attempted to invigorate the life force of his junior apprentice-nephew, bringing him back to life.

The endless radiance of the Radiant Light Illuminating Art and its inextinguishable concept filled the surrounding area.

Looking at the Myriad Dragon Palace and feeling the qi of true dragons that overflowed from within, the eyes of that Radiant Light Sect guest Elder Liu Feng instantly lit up.

He too shot within the Myriad Dragon Palace, inhaling deeply after which a satisfied look of admiration appeared on his face, “I had really not thought that there might actually be a place with such flourishing qi of dragons in this world. In having descended this time, it was really not a waste.”

Even as he pressed down on Yang Zhanhua’s back with his palm, Deng Sen said expressionlessly, “Liu Feng, kill everyone here.”

Liu Feng raised his palm, striking out towards the Northern Ocean Clone.

Streams of crimson mist instantly filled the entire Myriad Dragon Palace.

The Myriad Dragon Palace mightily shuddered as it actually seemed like it might fall apart.

Garbed in the Imperious Cold Martial Armour, the Northern Ocean Clone raised the Dragon Scales Spear, sending an unrelenting Northern Ocean Divine Spear towards the attacking Liu Feng.

However, that crimson mist was endless as it suffused the area, locking down his spear as it could not easily advance.

The terrifying light mist even surged over towards the Northern Ocean Clone, suppressing the Imperious Cold Martial Armour.

The vast icy ocean was actually gradually dyed red at this moment.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “He can contend with father when he just Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood.”

Liu Feng similarly clicked his tongue in praise, “Good spear arts, good movements. Sadly, you do not know what is good for you. If you were to present the treasure and pledge fealty to our Radiant Light Sect, you might have had a good future. Still, having killed a direct lineage Elder of our Radiant Light Sect and one of our guest Elders as well, there is no one who will be able to protect you.”

“I advise you not to struggle now. Dying in the hands of this old man, you can still have a good death. If Elder Deng makes a move, you would die extremely pitiably then.”

The crimson mist formed of his palm force surged forward, shocking the Northern Ocean Clone’s body into trembling unceasingly as he fell backwards in retreat, the Imperious Cold Martial Armour vaguely emitting a mournful wail.

However, the Northern Ocean Clone was not panicked or flustered in the least as a hint of a smile instead surfaced at the corners of his mouth, “You should not be concerned about me. I just know that the two of you will indeed die very pitiably.”

“Huh!” The expressions of Deng Sen and Liu Feng both changed simultaneously.

The great gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace mightily closed!

Space and time instantly turned illusory within the palace as countless chaotic layers of spacetime suddenly appeared, resembling innumerable tiny worlds all stacked up over one another.

From each of these individual spacetimes surged streams of terrifying black qi which resembled thick ink.

The extremely dense death qi was condensed to the extreme as it transformed into an incomparably terrifying qi of extermination, filling the entire Myriad Dragon Palace.

The qi of extermination formed a wild, terrifying tide that surged towards Deng Sen and Liu Feng with the momentum of exterminating the heavens!

“How could there be qi of extermination on such a large scale? Such a qi would virtually be able to destroy this entire Eight Extremities World!” The expressions on the faces of Deng Sen and Liu Feng both changed all at once, “This…qi of true dragons was agglomerated following the death of dragons. Other than the qi of true dragons, there is also endless death qi. How many true dragons must have died here?”

Now, the Northern Ocean Clone instead vanished within chaotic spacetime as guided by the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Yan Zhaoge laughed loudly, “The death qi would always remain a hidden danger. If not taken care of for good, I too would be unable to freely refine the essence qi of true dragons here. I had always been waiting for someone to come and block this tribulation for me. Now, I have decided that it will be the two of you.”