Chapter 583: Acting Cool To Their Own Deaths

HSSB583: Acting cool to their own deaths

The entire Myriad Dragon Hall was shaking as if it might fall apart at any moment.

The terrifying qi of extermination formed a wild tide that rampaged within the palace, also expanding into the outside world.

It was a force that resembled a world-ending tribulation as it seemed virtually able to destroy an entire world.

At some point in time, this had already occurred several times within the dragon tomb, having brought massive disaster to the nearby Vast Ocean World every time this happened as that world would be unable to recover its vitality for a very long time, remaining stagnant for many years.

Those few times had merely been from treasure hunters activating the forbidden restrictions in the dragon tomb, causing a portion of the qi of extermination to be released into the outside world.

At this moment, as guided by Yan Zhaoge, all the accumulated qi of extermination within the Myriad Dragon Palace was released at once.

In the dragon tomb, at the bottom of the ancient, cold abyss, a large amount of true dragon corpses had fallen into Yan Zhaoge’s hands, having been kept within the Myriad Dragon Hall by him.

Now that all the qi of extermination had been released, the destructive tide that it formed would truly be able to sweep over the entire Eight Extremities World, bringing it to extinction.

However, Yan Zhaoge was not worried at all about this. He planned to slay the two experts of the third level of the Martial Saint realm, not intending to drag all of them down into death together.

It was precisely because of the presence of Deng Sen and Liu Feng that the Eight Extremities World would easily be spared.

The two experts at the third level of the Martial Saint realm could only forcibly draw upon all their might now to resist the destructive wild tides before them.

However, this terrifying power that seemed able to extinguish a world was hard to resist even for them!

Seeing that things were not good, Deng Sen even felt like forcibly breaking through the restriction of the power of dimensions, regaining his cultivation base of the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm and ascending straight from the Eight Extremities World into safety.

However, swept along by the qi of extermination, he was hard pressed to take that step!

It was due to this action that more exterminating power frenziedly and mightily assaulted his body!

Beneath the exterminating power that resembled the sky and the sea, Deng Sen and Liu Feng seemed to be experiencing great pain as their entire bodies began to decay and fall apart!

“This junior, you will die a dog’s death!” Light flickered madly about Deng Sen’s entire body, yet was unceasingly extinguished.

Meanwhile, the crimson mist guarding Liu Feng was already gradually beginning to dissipate.

The two Radiant Light Sect experts who were able to rampantly reign over the Eight Extremities World however they liked could only stare incredulously as the frenzied tides of destruction now swallowed them whole!

Outside the Myriad Dragon Palace, the remaining third level Martial Saint of the Radiant Light Sect, Sun Hao, did not enter the palace as he remained where he was.

He did not think that the other party would be able to stand against Deng Sen and Liu Feng.

In truth, if not for treating and saving Yang Zhanhua, just a single one of them would have been sufficient.

As Sun Hao saw the great gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace close mightily, he slowly shook his head, “Naïve.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge himself who was standing outside the Myriad Dragon Palace, he said calmly, “A frog in a well who looks at a limited sky, feeling that jumping up and nearing the head of the well is already a very remarkable feat.”

“Feeling that having jumped up to the mouth of the well, it is the peak of the world and equalling the heavens.”

“However, the true limits of this world are actually far broader than you can imagine.”

“In this world, there are some people who are unimaginably powerful, standing at heights that you cannot comprehend.”

“Even if you leap out of the well, if they want to crush you, it will still be as simple as the waving of a hand to them. Moreover, you are still in the well.”

Sun Hao’s tone was indifferent as he raised a hand, the silhouettes of a sun and a moon intermittently changing within his palm, brightness and dimness coexisting.

Within his palm was displayed the profundities of the changes between light and dimness, the constancies of the rising of the sun and the descending of the moon.

“From a certain perspective, these words of yours are indeed true. People indeed need to reflect on themselves from time to time, lest they become frogs in a well,” Looking at him, a strange smile appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face, “Still, these words applies to you as much as they do to me. Let us share in it together.”

Sun Hao’s face was expressionless, not seeming moved in the least as his gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge seemed like he was looking at dust that was without life.

“While I don’t like to leave the World beyond Worlds, coming to these lower worlds, over all these years, I have also taken quite a few of these trips.”

“Having been to so many worlds, I have seen too many of those like you who sit in the well and gaze at the sky, not knowing the height of the heavens and the boundlessness of the earth.”

“Being unordinary, all of them have hearts higher than the heavens, domineeringly reigning over their own little worlds as they think themselves to be the strongest, able to rampage between the heavens and the earth without reservation, able to go anywhere they want and do as they like.”

“Yet, at the end of the day, all of you will discover that your existences are no more than dust. In the eyes of us higher realm experts, we can just make you vanish any time we want.”

As Sun Hao’s palm descended, brightness and dimness intermingled between the heavens and the earth, the sun and the moon simultaneously fighting for supremacy as the very space itself distorted.

That violent palm force wanted to reduce Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain below him to smithereens in a single blow, directly wiping them off the face of this Eight Extremities World!

The Sacred Sun Clan and Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners all looked nervously towards Yan Zhaoge.

Even while Yan Zhaoge had consecutively slain two Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners of the second level of the Martial Saint realm, as they saw it, this was still insufficient for him to stand against Sun Hao who, at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, stood at the peak of the entire Eight Extremities World.

Moreover, the Northern Ocean Clone, the Imperious Cold Martial Armour, the Myriad Dragon Palace and that strange bamboo cane which Yan Zhaoge had relied on to slay Yang Zhanhua and Jin Jie were now unable to be of help to him.

However shockingly talented Yan Zhaoge was, he was but a Martial Grandmaster. Facing an expert of the third level of the Martial Saint realm, he was truly just like dust. How could he avoid the fate of death?

Those on Broad Creed Mountain were unwilling to witness this sight, yet were helpless to provide any assistance at all.

Sun Hao’s palm sought to render all of them dead together in that one blow.

Looking at Sun Hao, Yan Zhaoge suddenly laughed, “That’s right, there are always those unordinary people who think that they can act rampant and unbridled wherever they go, liking to act cool. However, you’ve got to be careful, because if you meet someone who can act better than you do, you might just be acting cool off to your own death.”

Amidst his laughter, bright sunlight shot into the heavens, momentarily seeming to steal the glory of the true sun up in the sky.

A great golden seal materialised amidst the sunlight, the heavens and earth seemingly unable to bear this majestic, domineering force.

As soon as the seal appeared, the entire Eight Extremities World trembled along with it with Broad Creed Mountain and the Heaven Domain as the centre as it seemed unable to bear this boundless, domineering force that was without end.

High-grade Sacred Artifact, Extreme Yang Seal!

A shocked expression finally appeared on Sun Hao’s face, “This treasure is different from the Extreme Yin Crown. Even a third level Martial Saint might not be able to control and wield it. Yet, how is it that you, a mere Martial Grandmaster, can?”

Yang Zhaoge said leisurely, “You are lucky. You won’t have to be as tragic as the two of them. I’ll grant you a death that is rather more hearty.”

Saying thus, Yan Zhaoge punched outwards!

The Extreme Yang Seal mightily shook, light illuminating all around!

Even more dazzling than the power of brightness within the Radiant Light Sect’s martial arts, even more blazing hot than the power of the sun within the Sacred Sun Clan’s martial arts!

Everything else was false. There was only this brightness which was the sole reality!

Everything else was inconsequential. Only this sun was the true overlord!

The great golden seal swept along with a heaven-shocking, earth-shaking power that was targeted straight at Sun Hao!