Chapter 587: The Hand Of Judgment

HSSB587: The hand of judgment

Currently, as Broad Creed Mountain’s martial practitioners who were still present looked up at Yan Zhaoge riding high on the back of the great roc in the sky, expressions of shock and awe appeared on all of their faces.

Before this, Yan Zhaoge had already long since been more than merely a junior disciple in the clan.

In the hearts of many, his position had already far surpassed that of many of the older generation.

However, back then, it had only been respect as they held him in high esteem. It had never been like now, when they seemed like they were witnessing a divinity as they could not help but want to bow their heads and get on their knees in utter subservience.

One fourth level Martial Saint, two third level Martial Saints and two second level Martial Saints, more than half of them possessing Sacred Artifacts!

Never had such a powerful line-up appeared in any single era in the entire history of the Eight Extremities World before.

Logically speaking, this was truly a force that could sweep through the entire Eight Extremities World without question.

Yet, today, they had all been defeated by Yan Zhaoge alone. Such a miraculous feat was unparalleled in the entire history of the Eight Extremities World!

How could any Broad Creed Mountain disciple not feel utterly stunned and in complete awe with this?

Fu Enshu and the others were instead surprised by how quickly he had returned, which truly surpassed everyone’s expectations.

After having left to exterminate the fleeing Sacred Sun Clan martial practitioners, it had already taken quite a bit of time for them to return.

However, Yan Zhaoge had left the Heaven Domain and headed to the faraway World Illuminating Peak in the Fire Domain. This trip spanned far more than just several tens of thousands of kilometres.

Even knowing the miraculous speed of the Northern Ocean Clone, Fu Enshu still felt astonished.

Still, at Yan Zhaoge’s return, Fu Enshu also felt a sense of security.

To Fu Enshu who had always been headstrong and stubborn, this was rather an inconceivable thing. Before this, there had only been Yuan Zhengfeng, Yan Di, just those mere few people who had been able to give her such a feeling.

She would not experience it even for those of the elder generation who were Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmasters like Zhang Kun and He Ning.

Now, however, there was actually a youth not even past the age of thirty who was able to give her such a feeling.

If it was the Fu Enshu of the past, she definitely wouldn’t believe that she could have such a change in mindset as she had now.

Now, however, she could only feel like it was only natural as it didn’t seem any unusual in the least.

While Fu Enshu was feeling secure, Chang Zheng was feeling rather uneasy, but he stabilised his mind and said to Yan Zhaoge, “Zhaoge, congratulations on your increments in strength and your achievements of eternal merit.”

While He Ning was injured, she also repeatedly nodded in agreement as she looked at Yan Zhaoge now.

Yan Zhaoge nodded towards He Ning before directly landing where Fu Enshu and Chang Zheng were.

He glanced at Chang Zheng, “What’s with all of this now?”

Fu Enshu stared at Chang Zheng, while Elder Qin narrated the circumstances of the Disciplinary Hall’s investigation of Feng Yunsheng and Yin Liuhua to Yan Zhaoge.

After hearing this, Yan Zhaoge was expressionless as he lowered his head and gazed in the direction of Feng Yunsheng’s and Yin Liuhua’s lodgings.

Barriers had been independently erected around both their rooms by those of the Disciplinary Hall, meant more to confine than to protect.

When the entire Broad Creed Mountain had been shaken by the assault of the Radiant Light Sect and the Sacred Sun Clan earlier, Feng Yunsheng and Yin Liuhua had long since been alerted by this.

After Deng Sen, Yang Zhanhua and the others had been exterminated and the crisis of the clan had finally been alleviated, the two of them had exited their rooms, standing within the barrier as they looked carefully towards the outside.

Chang Zheng and Fu Enshu successively arrived.

Upon seeing Fu Enshu, a joyful look instantly appeared on Feng Yunsheng’s face while Yin Liuhua’s face was pale as she unconsciously wanted to hide back within her room.

Upon seeing Yan Zhaoge appear, the smile on Feng Yunsheng’s face grew even wider.

She revealed a bright, radiant smile, extending her hand and directing him a thumbs up.

Yan Zhaoge spoke not a single word as he strode directly towards Feng Yunsheng’s room.

As his figure descended, the barrier instantly turned into a gentle wind, disappearing soundlessly and formlessly within the air.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s action, Chang Zheng’s eyelids twitched.

Elder Qin said quietly by the side, “Enshu has already told this old man her experiences. Yin Liuhua and Hong Jiaqi’s accusations towards Feng Yunsheng were pure fabrications.”

Chang Zheng fell silent.

According to the rules, even if it Feng Yunsheng had been falsely accused, after the truth of the matter had come to light, it should still have been those of the Disciplinary Hall who dispelled the barrier.

Yet looking at Yan Zhaoge now, what was he to do about it?

This action of Yan Zhaoge’s now left him feeling increasingly uneasy.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng smiled, “I had still been guessing earlier that you were definitely fine. Perhaps you were waiting somewhere to appear at the most critical moment, giving everyone the shock of their lives.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Feng Yunsheng, dispiritedness not visible within her familiar features.

She had once been just inches away from the peak, finally looking to be able to ascend it. Yet, she had fallen into the deepest ravines due to the schemes of others, unable to see the light of day.

However, Feng Yunsheng’s eyes were still bright, just like when the two of them had first met back in the Eastern Tang Kingdom that year.

She had not blamed the heavens, nor had she fallen into dejection and self-defeat.

The first words of hers upon their reunion spoke not of sufferings, not of worries and troubles.

Still that same bright smile, still that same spirited valour.

Yan Zhaoge smiled as well, “Those scenes this time were indeed rather big.”

He reached out, very naturally taking hold of Feng Yunsheng’s hand.

In that instant when she met Yan Zhaoge’s gaze, Feng Yunsheng seemed to understand something.

Usually valiant and heroic in bearing, a rare hint of embarrassment appeared on her face, but was soon gone in an instant as her smile turned even more radiant, brilliant as it had never been before.

Watching Yan Zhaoge, everyone was slightly stunned.

While Fu Enshu had already been mentally prepared, she still found it a little unexpected that Yan Zhaoge had expressed his feelings so straightforwardly.

Looking at Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I just like to get into danger, often stirring up some big scenes. I might just get myself embroiled too deeply into it someday. So, I’m preparing to find a manageress to manage me.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled as well, “What about one who sometimes goes crazy along with you as well? Would that be okay?”

Pulling Feng Yunsheng closer to himself, Yan Zhaoge then kissed her forehead lightly, “I’ll just take that bit of loss then. Making do is fine.”

Feng Yunsheng lowered her head, unable to stop laughing, “Right, right. It’s really hard on you.”

Yan Zhaoge led Feng Yunsheng away, looking towards Fu Enshu as he smiled, “Senior apprentice-aunt Fu, please understand, but I’ll be abducting your disciple.”

Fu Enshu gazed at the two for a long time before smiling, “It’s all up to your own abilities.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, but before I abduct her, there’s something that I have to first handle.”

Hearing his words, Chang Zheng’s expression did not change, but his heart jolted.

He looked first at Feng Yunsheng and then at Yan Zhaoge.

Logically speaking, in wanting to win justice for Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge should first avoid suspicion of biasedness himself.

If he was speaking for his lover, it would inevitably influence the view of observers, decreasing his persuasive power.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge had not done so. Instead, he had been completely without reservation, open and aboveboard.

Such did not cause Chang Zheng to feel at ease. Instead, it vaguely caused him to feel fear, as if the domain of ghost and shadows was exposed directly beneath the bright rays of the incandescent sun.

He felt from Yan Zhaoge’s actions confidence of being able to sufficiently prove Feng Yunsheng’s innocence as well as the domineering ‘I’ll protect who I want to, who dares to move against her?’.

Now, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze swept across Chang Zheng and Yin Liuhua, the coldness within causing their hearts to palpitate.