Chapter 595: A Good Mission

HSSB595: A good mission

Yan Zhaoge made huge gains from his great battle with the Heavenly Thunder Hall, the Sacred Sun Clan and the Radiant Light Sect.

The Heavenly Thunder Hall and the Sacred Sun Clan had both been destroyed by Yan Zhaoge, the treasures that they had accumulated all these years naturally having been acquired by him.

As compared to solitary practitioners, the accumulated treasures of the two Sacred Ground-level powers were naturally much more abundant. It was the most fruitful battle Yan Zhaoge had ever had with the exception of back at the dragon tomb.

Yan Zhaoge naturally took all their accumulated wealth without qualms.

Meanwhile, when the five experts of the Radiant Sect had been slain by Yan Zhaoge, their belongings which had not been destroyed in the process had naturally fallen into his hands as well.

“The problem lies with…they were wrecked rather badly,” Yan Zhaoge smiled wryly.

When Deng Sen and Liu Feng had suffered the major eruption of the extermination qi in the Myriad Dragon Palace, their accompanying Sacred Artifacts had both been destroyed within.

Liu Feng had been directly obliterated into nothingness along with his Sacred Artifact.

Deng Sen had barely escaped with his life, but his Sacred Artifact had also been destroyed.

Sun Hao had shared the same fate as Liu Feng, having been directly obliterated into nothingness along with his Sacred Artifact with a single strike by the Extreme Yang Seal.

For the final two, Yang Zhanhua and Jin Jie, while the former’s Dawn Sun Crown had indeed been successfully obtained by Yan Zhaoge, Jin Jie had not possessed an accompanying Sacred Artifact.

Looking at the Dawn Sun Crown, Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin rather playfully, “Fortunately, there were still other gains.”

Apart from the Dawn Sun Crown, when having levelled the Sacred Sun Clan, Yan Zhaoge had obtained an extremely rare treasure that was known as the Divine Crow Golden Plume.

The Divine Crow Golden Plume was a plume of the divine beast of legend, the Three-legged Golden Crow. Also, it was no ordinary plume, being one of the three plumes on the top of the golden crow’s head that were the most precious and valuable.

In the post-Great Calamity Eight Extremities World, Floating Life World and Vast Ocean World, Yan Zhaoge had never even seen the feathers of a golden crow before, let alone one of its plumes.

There had been a top-tier divine beast bloodline in the Floating Life World, the Fire Crow bloodline. This had contained a hint of the bloodline of the golden crow, possessing the ability to incinerate the heavens and boil the sea. However, it was still greatly inferior as compared to the true Three-Legged Golden Crow.

“This Divine Crow Golden Plume should have been gifted to the Sacred Sun Clan by the Radiant Light Sect as a core material with which to forge a new Sacred Artifact.”

Fingering the jet black plume that flickered with a golden light, Yan Zhaoge felt the deeply concealed yet shocking power that was contained within.

“A Sacred Artifact that is forged from this treasure would be superior to the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler. It must have been prepared for when Huang Guanglie returns from the East Sea,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Apart from this Divine Crow Golden Plume, there are also many treasures which cannot be found in the Eight Extremities World. I wonder if this is as a reward for the Extreme Yin Crown and the Extreme Yang Seal or if it was gifted on Huang Jie’s account.”

“Three of them working together even suppressed the abnormalities in the Fire Pith Vein of the Southern Underground Palace, thereby clearing up the obstruction to the Martial Grandmasters of the Sacred Sun Clan attempting a breakthrough into the Martial Saint realm.”

“If the Sacred Sun Clan eventually conquered the entire Eight Extremities World, with such a great amount of resources provided to them, their strength would skyrocket within a short amount of time, becoming a branch that the Radiant Light Sect would truly be able to prize highly.”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head slightly, lightly tapping the Divine Crow Golden Plume, “Let me think how I should use this thing to best make use of its value.”

Amidst Yan Zhaoge’s ponderings, a massive black figure squeezed in through the doorway, nearly breaking through the wall there before attempting to rush straight into his embrace.

Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes in exasperation, “Turn smaller first.”

That black figure raced across the ground on all fours, leaping through the air as it swiftly shrunk, finally lunging within Yan Zhaoge’s embrace.

Furry like a meatball with a pair of jet black eye circles, he comfortably somersaulted within Yan Zhaoge’s embrace before blinking towards him.

It was precisely Pan-Pan whom he had not seen for a long time.

When having hurried to the Earth Domain to take care of the crevice to the Nine Underworlds previously, Yan Zhaoge had left him at Broad Creed Mountain. After having left the Earth Domain, he had not returned to the Mountain as he had rushed straight over to the East Sea without rest.

Afterwards had been the formation of the Seal of the East Sea. In order to escape the aftershocks of its formation, Yan Zhaoge had saved Fu Enshu and fled into the Vast Ocean World together with her.

He had indeed not seen this little fella for quite some time. Rather missing him, Yan Zhaoge now reached out and stroked the tip of his nose.

Pan-Pan licked Yan Zhaoge’s fingertips, comfortably stretching his body.

Yan Zhaoge appraised the lazy thing all over, “Oh, look at you. You seem even fatter than before.”

“Young Master, without you watching over him, this fella’s appetite has been becoming more and more uncontrollable. It’s no wonder that he’s fatter,” A big man walked over through the doorway, saying with a helpless expression on his face, “A lot of my personal accumulation has been harmed by this guy. Young Master, you’ve really got to recompense me.”

This man was none other than Ah Hu. He had abided by Yan Zhaoge’s order back then, escorting Fang Zhun back to Broad Creed Mountain.

Afterwards, he had headed to the East Sea. Who knew that just having arrived at the East Sea, the seal had already been completed with Yan Zhaoge missing in action, his fate unknown.

Ah Hu and the others of Broad Creed Mountain had flipped over the entire Outer East Sea but to no avail. Finally, he had only been able to helplessly return to the Mountain.

Ah Hu had been rather worried about Yan Zhaoge over this period of time as well. With Yan Zhaoge having finally returned now, Ah Hu’s tense heart could finally rest at ease.

However, no longer having to worry, Ah Hu began to grow concerned about some things that he had previously overlooked. For example, many precious things that he had personally accumulated previously had been met with Pan-Pan…

“Many of these things were my own treasured accumulation! Young Master, you might not have any of them left,” Ah Hu said despondently, a tragic look of his face like he had just been totally robbed.

Yan Zhaoge glared, “Alright, so you indeed took quite a bit from me before. You’ve gone and confessed it well and properly now.”

Ah Hu pulled back the corners of his mouth as if he had bitten his own tongue, “No, Young Master, that…I was saying…”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “You don’t have to that anymore. You said that there are some things that even I might not have anymore. What you have left-properly take them out now.”

Ah Hu said with a despairing look on his face, “All gone, all gone. Young Master, they’ve all been harmed by the glutton Pan-Pan.”

Yan Zhaoge sent a sidelong glance his way, “It’s really all gone?”

Ah Hu hurriedly nodded, “It’s really all gone, it’s really all gone. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be feeling so pained.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Whatever. Since that’s the case, I’ve got a good mission for you.”

“Even if our clan is not rich as the four seas now, being able to obtain all that we want within the Eight Extremities World, it would be very easy to obtain most treasures that we want between these heavens and earth. Take this list of mine and go to all those places. Bring all this stuff back.”

Ah Hu received that list, looking through it carefully, “Young Master, with your and Broad Creed Mountain’s current position, you simply have to contact a Sacred Ground, and they will naturally help you to collect what you want before sending it over to the Heaven Domain.”

As Yan Zhaoge had said, this was indeed a perfect, awesome mission for Ah Hu. He would be able to do whatever he wanted all the way through and no one would be able to say anything about it.

Yan Zhaoge said, “There are a few things that are in the Zhao Region of the Thunder Domain.”

Ah Hu was slightly taken aback. Yan Zhaoge had eradicated even the Zhao Region Yans. Having trampled over the Thunder Domain, it was naturally impossible that he didn’t dare to or found it inconvenient for him to go to the Zhao Region.

He suddenly realised, “Young Master…”

His hometown was also the Zhao Region of the Thunder Domain.

Ah Hu did not have much feelings associated with his hometown. Ever since his grandfather, his family had begun serving Yan Di. He had grown up in the Central Heaven Region together with Yan Zhaoge since young. The place where Yan Di and Yan Zhaoge were was where his home lay.

However, his grandfather and father had wished to be buried in their ancestral hometown for their final rest.

Yan Zhaoge patted Ah Hu’s shoulder, “It was inconvenient before. Now, you can go wherever you want to.”

Ah Hu inhaled deeply, all the laziness having disappearing from his face as he nodded solemnly, “Yes, Young Master.”