Chapter 594: One Hand Raising The Heavens, One Hand Covering The Heavens!

HSSB594: One hand raising the heavens, one hand covering the heavens!

“Pavilion Lord An is polite. This Yan is not someone who loves battle. It was just that the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall took my Broad Creed Mountain as weak and easy to bully. Thus, they had to pay the price for their arrogance.”

Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands towards An Qinglin before him.

An Qinglin solemnly returned the gesture, “The Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall moved against what was right, naturally deserving their fates.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge before her, she felt incomparably emotional.

While Zhang Kun, He Ning and the other important seniors of the clan were also present, the current Broad Creed Mountain was evidently ruled over by this youth. Even her meeting now was with him.

After having seen Yan Zhaoge, An Qinglin had vaguely felt that although he was still an Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster, his cultivation base shocked the heavens and shook the earth as even Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmasters would probably be unable to stand against him.

While she still couldn’t understand how Yan Zhaoge had been able to slay Deng Sen, Sun Hao and Liu Feng who had seemed able to sweep through the entire Eight Extremities World, An Qinglin naturally didn’t dare to take him lightly.

In her eyes, the youth before her was very possibly the current strongest expert of the Eight Extremities World.

Deng Sen and the others would have been able to sweep through the Eight Extremities World. Then, how terrifying must the one who had slain them all be?

Moreover, even if Yan Zhaoge didn’t have such terrifying methods, just look at he himself. Having already reached the ninth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm, the late Essence Talisman stage, at such an age, his talent and strength were unparalleled throughout history.

Geniuses who had not yet grown up could not be considered geniuses. However, Yan Zhaoge had already grown to the extent that heavyweight experts at the level of An Qinglin had to view him as an equal.

What An Qinglin felt comforted by was the fact that while it had always been rumoured that Yan Zhaoge was arrogant and proud, he currently didn’t appear domineering and tyrannical at all.

Broad Creed Mountain had shocked the world in that battle, repelling the experts of the Radiant Light Sect of the World beyond Worlds and exterminating the Heavenly Thunder Hall and the Sacred Sun Clan who had always stood opposed to them. It was already the incontestable sole hegemon under the heavens.

Even the combined strength of all the other remaining Sacred Grounds would still be inferior in the face of Broad Creed Mountain.

They could only express their subservience, but how the relationship between them would thereon be inevitably left them worried.

If Broad Creed Mountain wanted to be overbearing, it would be no different from their clans being exterminated as they would only be able to helplessly resist till the end.

From the looks of it now, however, Yan Zhaoge himself, at the very least, had no intention of such.

According to An Qinglin’s observations, the style of the current Broad Creed Mountain was somewhat similar to back when the Exalted Heaven Shaker Zhan Dongge had reigned that year.

In the past, while no one had dared to oppose Zhan Dongge, he had not overly pressured and tried to exploit the other powers.

There was only Black Nightmare Mountain, having attacked the Mountain while Zhang Dongge had been in secluded cultivation back then, who had led to them being exterminated by Zhan Dongge after he had left seclusion.

While the Sacred Sun Clan had had untoward intentions, they had not truly acted against Broad Creed Mountain. In the end, the Purple Sun Martial Saint Zhang Chao having imprisoned himself in a volcano of the southern wilderness in atonement from his crime, Zhan Dongge had not made things too hard for the Sacred Sun Clan.

“It’s just that the Exalted Heaven Shaker wasn’t as young as this back then,” An Qinglin sighed emotionally, “While Yan Zhaoge is arrogant and overbearing, his aspirations probably do not lie in the Eight Extremities World. It is no wonder that he is so calm and straightforward now.”

“The Eight Extremities World is also insufficient to bear his overwhelming talent.”

Leaving Broad Creed Mountain, as An Qinglin walked, she swivelled her head and gazed over, “Great Rider of Dragons, One Hand Raising the Heavens. The Painting Saint could not have thought that the latter half of this sentence would actually come so quickly, right?”

“One hand raising the heavens, one hand covering the heavens ah…”

After sending An Qinglin off, Yan Zhaoge looked at Fu Enshu and the others beside him, smiling, “The Heaven Cleaving Axe can be returned to Infinite Boundless Mountain.”

Elder Gong of the Sealing Heaven Gorge said, “We have all already watched the entire process recorded by the Heaven Spying Orb. If Chang Zheng had not acted, Li Jingtu would still have been hard pressed to escape death. The Heaven Cleaving Axe would still have ended up in the hands of the Sacred Sun Clan in the end. The Sacred Sun Clan relied on their abilities to steal the Heaven Cleaving Axe from them. In having stolen it back from the Sacred Sun Clan, we do not owe it to them.”

“What we owe is Li Jingtu’s life. Now, Chang Zheng has been eradicated as well.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, saying casually, “We are allies after all. While they were cheated over by me, ever since the beginning of our alliance, they have indeed remained in solidarity with us.”

“It is fine if we kill people or set fires, but it is better not to burn the bridges that we have crossed. Having gone through hardship together, we can enjoy fortune together now.”

“Of course, we also shouldn’t give it to them so easily. People are often unable to cherish what they receive too easily, also trying to take a mile when we give them an inch as they know not their own weight.”

Hearing his words, Elder Gong exchanged glances with Fu Enshu and the others, all of them nodding slowly.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned earnest as he continued, “To our clan, a Sacred Artifact is indeed valuable. However, in the current wide world before us, being able to collect the resources of the entire Eight Extremities World in great amounts, a qualitative improvement in our overall strength is right around the corner.”

He paused with every word, “I now have sufficient confidence of improving the Internal Crystal Furnace again.”

The spirits of Fu Enshu and the others all rose.

Yan Zhaoge was not speaking false words. Even though Yan Di was currently still at the East Sea, Yan Zhaoge was indeed still confident of being able to upgrade the Internal Crystal Furnace once more.

While he himself had not attained the Martial Saint realm, he had the Northern Ocean Clone. Like this, the upgrading of the Internal Crystal Furnace was virtually set in stone.

The mass production of high-grade spirit artifacts was already no longer a baseless dream.

The sole restriction would be the lack of materials. Yet with Broad Creed Mountain now reigning over the entire heavens, the entire Eight Extremities World having entered their grasp, even if Broad Creed Mountain did not take direct control of all that vast territory and instead gave it to Turbid Wave Pavilion and the other powers to control, they would still definitely receive foremost priority in whatever materials they wanted.

The entire Broad Creed Mountain making a great leap in strength was already right close at hand.

While Sacred Artifacts were hard to forge, with the many true dragon corpses obtained from the dragon tomb, the upgraded Internal Crystal Furnace and the high level artifact forging arts as demonstrated by Yan Zhaoge through the Northern Ocean Clone, there was similarly much to be expected for this.

It had to be known that as Yan Zhaoge saw it, with the materials that had been gathered in the dragon tomb, it would be possible to forge even a mid-grade Sacred Artifact. It was just that their clan was currently lacking of an expert at the third level of the Martial Saint realm.

However, Yan Zhaoge did not feel pained about this. Treasures could appear anywhere. What they were truly able to make use of were the most valuable treasures.

While it seemed like a bit of a pity, with the current treasures to increase their own strength, they would naturally be able to strive for better things in the future.

Elder Qin said, “There is one more thing. It would originally have been fine to let Infinite Boundless Mountain and Jade Sea City enter the Thunder Domain, but the Zhao Region of the Thunder Domain’s Six Regions…”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “My father and I have always taken our hometown to be the Central Heaven Region. Many of our kin do so as well.”

“There are some who wish to return to the Zhao Region in the Thunder Domain as well. We naturally won’t stop them. With the current global situation, even if Infinite Boundless Mountain and Jade Sea City have taken over the Zhao Region, they still won’t make things difficult for my clansmen. Instead, these people may become lawless over there, arrogantly acting rampantly as they like.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Still, the two of them are not to step where the Heavenly Thunder Hall was once located. There is a dimensional passageway entrance which Skinhead Shen opened there whose direction is unclear. I have temporarily sealed it, and it currently doesn’t seem like a good time to venture within. The seal is being watched over and is not to be disturbed.”

Elder Qin nodded, “Since you already have it all planned out, this old man need speak no further.”

Afterwards, the news that spread over from the Thunder Domain left all of Broad Creed Mountain feeling amused.

As if by some tacit agreement, while Infinite Boundless Mountain and Jade Sea City had split the Thunder Domain, they had only taken two of its Regions each. The two core regions of the Thunder Domain, the Zhao Region and the You Region, had both been left untouched.

The You Region was also known as the Yan Region, being historically known together with the Zhao Region as the lands of Yan and Zhao.

The sorrowful songs (Ge) of many heroic figures lie in emotion upon the soil of Yan and Zhao. Such was the origin of Yan Zhaoge’s name.

Aside from Broad Creed Mountain, no other power of the Eight Extremities World would thereon dare to set foot there.