Chapter 599: It Was Me Who Killed Them

HSSB599: It was me who killed them

Looking at Huang Guanglie, unconcealed killing intent was revealed in Yan Zhaoge’s usually calm gaze, “Huang Guanglie, one year ago, I said right here that things weren’t settled yet. When I was free, I would properly deal with your Sacred Sun Clan.”

If not for Yan Di and Yan Zhaoge having long since been prepared, when the Seal of the East Sea had just been established back then, they would have been nastily entrapped by the Sacred Sun Clan.

On one hand, they had stabbed a knife in their back by attacking Feng Yunsheng and Fu Enshu, also having attacked Infinite Boundless Mountain’s Grand Elder in an attempt to obtain the Heaven Cleaving Axe.

On the other, Huang Guanglie had borrowed the ‘Blood Guidance Heavenly Light Golden Lamp’ secret technique to draw down power from the World beyond Worlds, nearly having extricated himself from the Seal of the East Sea, leaving only a shell behind.

If he had succeeded, the result would have been disastrous beyond compare for Broad Creed Mountain.

Yan Di, Old Man Mo and Song Wuliang would still have been trapped within the Seal of the East Sea, while Huang Guanglie would have broken free. Under such circumstances, even without the descent of the Radiant Light Sect experts, the Sacred Sun Clan would already possess the strength to sweep through the entire Eight Extremities World.

“Now that the Sacred Sun Clan is no more, it’s your turn,” Yan Zhaoge said slowly, “Huang Xu and Huang Jie are already dead. It was me who killed them. Now, it’s your turn.”

Huang Guanglie could only feel his temples suddenly throbbing.

He raised his fist, punching outwards towards Yan Zhaoge. The blazing sun was hot and fiery to the extreme as all between the heavens and the earth were instantly enveloped by the golden sunlight.

However, the Northern Ocean Clone arrived between Yan Zhaoge and Huang Guanglie, easily brandishing the Fish Dragon Spear and sealing Huang Guanglie’s fist.

Huang Guanglie calmed, but just looking at the Northern Ocean Clone before him, helplessness surged within his heart.

He had wanted to retreat earlier, but the Northern Ocean Clone had followed and directly obstructed his path, causing him to learn that the person before him was not simply just a little faster than him.

Now, as the Northern Ocean Clone displayed his techniques, Huang Guanglie could be completely sure that there was virtually no chance at all of him being able to deal with Yan Zhaoge himself.

While generally speaking, when two experts were clashing and one side was focused on protecting someone else, the other party would possess the initiative and the advantage, the Northern Ocean Clone was so fast that such usual principles also became meaningless.

Powerful experts would not have weak movement techniques. The Sacred Sun Clan also possessed the peak leaping technique, the Leap of the Rising Sun.

Executed by Huang Guanglie, it truly resembled the great sun moving across the sky, streaking through the air.

Yet, his opponent was Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone.

At the same cultivation level, the Lord of the Heavenly Thunder Hall, Shen Li, who was renowned for his speed, had not been the Northern Ocean Clone’s match at all.

Thus, tragedy befell Huang Guanglie.

Facing such an enemy, there was only battling it out to the final victory. There was simply no way of extricating oneself and retreating otherwise.

However, just having exchanged a single move, Huang Guanglie’s heart sunk down to the very bottom.

Not only was the Northern Ocean Clone fast, its power was also vast and vigorous, being even more shocking such that it left Huang Guanglie with the toughness of his fists secretly also feeling shocked.

Moreover, as compared to the unarmed Huang Guanglie, the Northern Ocean Clone still had the Sacred Sun Clan, the Fish Dragon Spear, on hand.

Now, Huang Guanglie was placed in a situation where he couldn’t run, yet also couldn’t win!

The current Northern Ocean Clone would be sufficient to defeat everyone aside from Yan Di present now.

Even while Huang Guanglie was usually tough and forceful, looking first at Yan Di and then at Yan Zhaoge now, he still felt rather short of breath.

Back then, he had successfully left secluded cultivation following a period of a few years, having ascended to the second level of the Martial Saint realm. How incomparably glorious and supreme he had been back then, with the Sacred Artifact, the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler in hand. He had been the strongest expert of the Eight Extremities World, virtually able to sweep through all under the heavens.

Who knew that just having left seclusion, Huang Guanglie would have smashed his head on the rocks of Broad Creed Mountain. Yuan Zhengfeng similarly having Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood aside, Huang Guanglie himself had lost the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler.

The situation had instantly taken a turn for the worse from the light of victory that had just seemed right before their eyes.

Yet afterwards, just around two years later, an expert of a junior generation, Yuan Zhengfeng’s disciple Yan Di, had successfully stepped into the Martial Saint realm as well.

Just having entered the Martial Saint realm, Yan Di had actually presided over Huang Guanglie himself, causing him to feel as though the entire heavens and earth had changed as he was taken greatly helpless.

He and the Sacred Sun Clan had virtually had no time to react at all as they were instantly pushed to the edge of a cliff.

From the great battle with the Flame Devils and the Nine Underworlds, the Sacred Sun Clan had managed to obtain time as well as a sliver of a chance for victory.

Yet, when Huang Guanglie had extricated himself from the seal, it had been another powerful figure who was even younger than Yan Di who had been waiting for him, namely Yan Zhaoge.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone and the Sacred Artifact, the Fish Dragon Spear that he was holding, Huang Guanglie inhaled deeply, intercrossing his fists as he concentrated a great amount of power within, all light between the heavens and the earth seemingly converging within the furnace of the human realm as the world had turned completely golden and bright.

He forcibly stabilised his mind.

Yan Zhaoge’s knowledge of the Radiant Light Sect could be attributed to the news having leaked from his Sacred Sun Clan. Or perhaps he could have heard of them from another source, just as Broad Creed Mountain had also known about the existence of the World beyond Worlds.

Perhaps the situation was not as bad as it looked. The youth before him was likely bluffing. After all, with the current capabilities of Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain, it should be impossible for them to deal with the descended experts of the Radiant Light Sect.

Let alone Yan Di having been trapped within the Seal of the East Sea all along, even if Yan Di had been together with Yan Zhaoge, as long as two third level Martial Saints had descended from the Radiant Light Sect, it would already have been hard for Broad Creed Mountain to obtain victory.

Huang Guanglie could only console himself like this.

Whilst calmly watching Huang Guanglie clashing with his Northern Ocean Clone, Yan Zhaoge said, “Deng Sen, Radiant Light Sect Elder, fourth level of the Martial Saint realm.”

“Sun Hao, Radiant Light Sect Elder, third level of the Martial Saint realm.”

“Liu Feng, Radiant Light Sect guest Elder, third level of the Martial Saint realm.”

“Yang Zhanhua, Radiant Light Sect Elder, second level of the Martial Saint realm.”

“Jin Jie, Radiant Light Sect guest Elder, second level of the Martial Saint realm.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge announce all these names, Huang Guanglie’s heart skipped a beat.

Even he had only heard of Deng Sen’s and Sun Hao’s names before.

Seeing that Yan Zhaoge appeared to be telling the truth, Huang Guanglie’s eyelids twitched, while Yan Zhaoge simply smiled, “These were the people of the Radiant Light Sect who descended from the World beyond Worlds into the Eight Extremities World this time.”

Song Wuliang’s throat turned rather dry as he heard this while Old Man Mo was silent.

Gazing at Huang Guanglie, Yan Zhaoge continued, “They are all already dead. It was me who killed them.”

“The three generations of your Huang Family will not be lonely in death.”

If his earlier words had just caused Song Wuliang’s mood to grow heavy, he appeared rather dazed now as even Old Man Mo stared at Yan Zhaoge with his eyes wide open.

Beneath their shocked gazes, the Northern Ocean Clone pierced through the great sun formed of Huang Guanglie’s fist-intent with a single spear.

Limitless golden light was reduced into flowing fire, descending within the air as it resembled the remnant glow of daylight.

At the same time, splattering crimson blood streaked through the air.

The sharp, tyrannical Fish Dragon Spear pierced into Huang Guanglie’s body.

Huang Guanglie’s face was filled with despair.

He emitted a final furious howl, grabbing onto the shaft of the Fish Dragon Spear with one hand as he struck towards the Northern Ocean Clone with the other.

The Northern Ocean Clone’s expression did not change in the least as he parried Huang Guanglie’s attack with one hand. From the other emanated vast, vigorous power as the Fish Dragon Spear shot mightily into Huang Guanglie’s body!