Chapter 592: The Entire World Is Shaken

HSSB592: The entire world is shaken

Looking at that Sacred Sun Clan longtime Elder in front of her, He Ning finally sighed and shook her head, a pondering expression on her face as she did not speak for a long time.

Zhang Kun remained silent, his expression complex as he was left only with a sense of loss.

Elder Qin came up and asked, “The Radiant Light Sect of the World beyond Worlds sent down five Martial Saint experts this time. While they were all slain within the Eight Extremities World, might they still be sending any reinforcements over?”

Yan Zhaoge did not continue with the earlier topic as he said, “In having gone to the World Illuminating Peak in pursuit just now, that was one of my reasons for it.”

“The Sacred Sun Clan’s connection with the World beyond Worlds has already been terminated for the moment. Still, with the strength of the Radiant Light Sect and its wide depth of knowledge, having descended into the Eight Extremities World before, if they have the intention to, they should be able to accurately pinpoint the Eight Extremities World with some effort, descending once more on their own accord.”

Yan Zhaog raised his brows slightly, “Their men that descended this time round may only be the tip of the iceberg.”

This judgment was made with the person of the Radiant Light Sect who had nearly descended and unleashed a full-powered strike at the World Illuminating Peak with Huang Jie’s assistance as the basis. Huang Jie had called him Master.

If he was the strongest expert of the Radiant Light Sect, the situation would still be a little better. If the Radiant Light Sect had even stronger experts, the bar for the approximate strength of the Radiant Light Sect would have to be raised even higher.

Hearing his words, everyone’s expressions turned grave, Zhang Kun and He Ning feeling worried as well.

Things having come to this point, the enmity between their clan and the Radiant Light Sect of the World beyond Worlds would already be irreconcilable. They could only try to think of a way to deal with it.

He Ning frowned, “While those who descend from the World beyond Worlds will not be any stronger than the third level of the Martial Saint realm, if many of them descend all at once, it would similarly be a disaster.”

Yan Zhaoge agreed deeply with this.

His earlier rampage where he had obtained a complete victory had not rushed to his head.

While the Extreme Yang Seal was extremely powerful, the depletion from using it was great as well, and there was only a single strike which was possible. After having used it, it would descend into slumber once more, and he would not be able to rouse it awake for a very long period of time.

Meanwhile, the qi of extermination from the Myriad Dragon Palace had been single use only, no longer existing following that previous eruption.

Still, with the problem of the qi of extermination having been resolved, he would be able to freely use the obtained qi of true dragons to increase the strength of his clan.

It was just that refining the dragon qi for their own use would require a process, would require time.

Yan Zhaoge’s mind was currently very calm.

Considering Deng Sen whose cultivation base had been restricted by the power of dimensions, there were three experts of the third level of the Martial Saint realm who had descended this time.

What if there were eight or ten of them next time, or even more?

Of course, it was not like there was no way out of this. For example, if his father, Yan Di, was able to break through into the second level of the Martial Saint realm within a short period of time, things then would be much better.

If Yan Di reached the third level of the Martial Saint realm, Yan Zhaoge believed that it wouldn’t matter no matter how many experts of the same cultivation level descended.

As for Yan Zhaoge himself, if he had sufficient time, accompanied by the improvements in his cultivation base, he wouldn’t fear their foes as well.

Now, they needed time as well as opportunities.

Yan Zhaoge said, “In the World beyond Worlds, there doesn’t merely exist the Radiant Light Sect. They have their own hated enemies as well. The Radiant Light Sect does have worries of its own, and it can be defeated.”

He took out the paper fan that he had obtained in the dragon tomb, opening the fan and showing its surface to everyone.

“Dim Darkness Sect…” Feng Yunsheng, Fu Enshu and the others exchanged looks.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right, the Dim Darkness Sect. When I obtained this fan, some of the will of the original owner still remained within it. His final regret at the end was that he could not see the Radiant Light Sect extinguished.”

“From his tone and the contents of his words, both sides are irrevocable enemies, and the relationship between them definitely cannot be repaired. Even if the Dim Darkness Sect cannot defeat the Radiant Light Sect, it should still be an organisation at the same level of power as it.”

Hearing his words, everyone pondered, Elder Qin saying, “You mean that we should think of a way to establish contact with the Dim Darkness Sect, getting them to help us resist the Radiant Light Sect?”

“Yes, and also no,” Yan Zhaoge said, “How can borrowing power be so easy? Even if we want to do so, they’ve also got to be willing.”

“While the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect are hated enemies, it does not mean that the Dim Darkness Sect will definitely help us if the Radiant Light Sect wants to deal with us.”

“The enemy of my enemy is my friend. The necessary precondition for this is that a vast difference in strength does not exist between us as we are more or less on the same level.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, “Otherwise, if we just randomly look for them, they would only treat us lightly or even completely ignore us. They might even eye our treasures like the Radiant Light Sect.”

“Still, the relationship between them being so terrible, also being massive entities of the same level, if an intense battle erupts between them, it would be very hard for the Radiant Light Sect to find trouble for us. After all, we are also not that easy to deal with.”

Yan Zhaoge folded the fan with a ‘clack’, “This fan is made of the Divine Wood of legend. Using this treasure, even before having reached the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, one would still be able to ascend to the World beyond Worlds.”

Everyone was shocked, Fu Enshu asking, “You want to head to the World beyond Worlds now?”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “Of course it would not be so hasty. Even if I really wanted to go, I would still have to make some preparations first. It is not as simple as that.”

“We first have to completely stabilise the situation in the Eight Extremities World, next waiting for my father and the others to emerge from the Seal of the East Sea before planning for the long term.”

“Still, I will definitely be going to the World beyond Worlds sooner or later in order to understand the situation there as quickly as possible,” Yan Zhaoge said, momentarily narrowing his eyes, “The Purple Sun Martial Saint Zhang Chao successfully ascended, and he will remain a danger so long as he still exists. The Extreme Yin Crown was brought along by them into the World beyond Worlds as well. We certainly can’t let it go just like this.”

Feng Yunsheng’s expression was not despairing as she just nodded calmly upon hearing his words.

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “Also, my mother likely comes from there and has returned there now. I don’t know the specific situation. I’ve wanted to look for her since long ago, but there hadn’t been a way for me to do so before this. Now, there’s finally hope.”

Hearing his words, Fu Enshu turned her head away.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge smiled wryly and shrugged.

Zhang Kun and the others who had some basic knowledge regarding things between Yan Di, Xue Chuqing and Fu Enshu were also all lost for words for a time.

Yan Zhaoge readjusted his expression and asked, “Right, how is second apprentice-uncle now?”

He Ning said, “We retrieved the Clear Qi Robe to do battle earlier. Still, there shouldn’t be a problem. I’ve just taken a look at him, and his situation can still be considered stable. Still, his injuries remain serious as it is unknown when he might wake.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Let me take a look at him.”

With the fleshly body of a second level Martial Saint present in the form of his Northern Ocean Clone, Yan Zhaoge was now able to perform many treatment methods that would only be possible for him once he had attained a higher cultivation base.

After Yan Zhaoge had seen Fang Zhun and again busied himself for a while, effects were immediately seen as Fang Zhun immediately looked much better.

At the same time, the entire Broad Creed Mountain was handling the aftercare of the battle.

The Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall had been exterminated, the situation within the Eight Extremities World having suddenly changed.

The entire world was taken by storm, shaken and unprepared.