Chapter 596: A Broad Creed Mountain That Is Armed To The Teeth

HSSB596: A Broad Creed Mountain that is armed to the teeth

Ah Hu packed up his things and began preparing for the moving of his ancestors’ remains. After having finished with all this, he set off on his journey.

Yan Zhaoge remained in Broad Creed Mountain, dealing with the matters on hand whilst also paying attention to the global situation within the Eight Extremities World.

The Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall had both been destroyed.

If only a clan’s leader and experts had perished, as long as it was not completely extinguished, it might still be restored to its former glory one day.

Even if their headquarters were destroyed, it did not definitely spell doom and extinction for them.

However, with everyone raring for their blood and their experts virtually all dead, also lacking the protection of their former headquarters, it was near impossible for the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall to put up a struggle.

The hardliners could only roam about in hiding. Even without Broad Creed Mountain making a move, Infinite Boundless Mountain and Jade Sea City would already make things very difficult for them.

Gradually, some former members of the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall forsook their former clans in order to survive, pledging allegiance to other powers.

With it after all being Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain who had decimated their dao tradition, they were basically not so shameless as to directly come under Broad Creed Mountain’s wing.

Thus, most of those formerly of the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall joined Turbid Wave Pavilion, Infinite Boundless Mountain and Jade Sea City.

Broad Creed Mountain was not concerned about this. These people having betrayed their ancestral foundations and switched allegiances, the hardliners of their clans who still remained would already be out for their blood before anybody else.

Also, if they harboured shady intentions, they would first already be unable to pass the trials of the Sacred Grounds. With the control of the Sacred Grounds, there was really almost no possibility at all of extinguished ashes being reignited.

Unless the Radiant Light Sect dispatched even more experts, destroying Broad Creed Mountain before domineeringly suppressing the remaining Sacred Grounds.

However, in such a case, the Radiant Light Sect would likely choose a new representative from amongst the remaining three Sacred Grounds rather than helping to revive the Sacred Sun Clan.

Yan Zhaoge was working behind the scenes over this period of time to prevent the actualisation of such a possibility.

The entire Broad Creed Mountain actively worked together.

Wanting to strengthen his clan’s control over the Eight Extremities World, digest the fruits of victory from the decimation of the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall and become familiar with the former influence of their enemies in the Fire and Thunder Domains were not things that could be settled in just a few words. Many specific tasks as well as a lengthy process were needed.

Within Broad Creed Mountain, the Myriad Dragon Palace directly stood atop the Water Ridge Peak of the back mountains, Yan Zhaoge himself residing there.

With Yan Zhaoge and the Myriad Dragon Palace, there was naturally no need to worry about the Heaven Sealing Gorge beneath the Water Ridge Peak. Thus, the First Seat Elder of the Heaven Sealing Gorge, Elder Gong, was released from his duties as he could now travel to the Fire Domain and elsewhere.

Broad Creed Mountain’s current intimidation power had surged to unprecedented heights. However, while they were unparalleled in authority where they were, they comparatively lacked higher echelon experts to deal with matters that cropped up elsewhere.

With the clan’s power and influence having expanded greatly to how it was now, a powerful longtime Elder like Elder Gong could serve a very great effect.

Broad Creed Mountain had suffered great casualties in the numerous consecutive great battles earlier as it felt rather devoid of experts now. This was an inevitable thing.

However, Yan Zhaoge was not worried about this.

In the Myriad Dragon Palace, he sat opposite from the Northern Ocean Clone, looking at the shaking of the Internal Crystal Furnace before them. Now, its lid mightily opened.

Streams of bright spiritual light shot out from within, enveloping the entire Myriad Dragon Palace.

The gate of the palace was not closed. Bright spiritual light overflowed from within, illuminating the gloomy Heaven Sealing Gorge down below that saw not the light of day all year round.

Seeing the roiling bright light and the overflowing spiritual qi in the back mountains, the longtime Elders who still remained on the Mountain were all overjoyed, “Success, Zhaoge’s succeeded!”

Standing beside Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng had an admiring look on her face as she watched the bright light that shot out of the Internal Crystal Furnace, “I have never seen a high-grade spirit artifact being forged so swiftly before.”

Sikong Qing and Ying Longtu who was also standing within the palace both looked joyfully at the Internal Crystal Furnace as well.

Everyone knew what this scene before them entailed.

Broad Creed Mountain could now mass produce high-grade spirit artifacts!

This was an extremely terrifying thing for the entire Eight Extremities World.

All along, Sacred Artifacts had been rare with high-grade spirit artifacts being the most superior weapons and armours, being similarly hard to forge as well. In Sacred Ground-level powers, they could still only barely achieve one per person for Transcending Mortality and Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters, seldom having any excess.

Now, Broad Creed Mountain had the ability to arm its Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters to the teeth.

When they lacked Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters, providing high-grade spirit artifacts to Essence Spirit Martial Grandmasters would also lead to a heaven-changing, earth-overturning rise in strength.

Like this, they would completely be able to allow Broad Creed Mountain to have a smooth transition following the loss of many of its higher echelon experts as its future generations grew to take their place.

Yan Zhaoge said, “It was indeed successful.”

He smiled towards Sikong Qing, “The promise I gave everyone back then can finally be considered fulfilled now.”

Hearing his words, Sikong Qing’s mind wavered somewhat as she remembered the first time Yan Zhaoge had exhibited the Internal Crystal Furnace in front of everyone that year. At that time, the War of the Eastern Tang had still yet to occur, Feng Yunsheng and Ying Longtu beside them not yet having entered the clan as well.

Reminiscing on old times, Sikong Qing who was usually cold and aloof felt rather emotional as well, “In the blink of an eye, more than four years have passed.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, respect that came from the bottom of her heart surfaced within her eyes, “First setting the matter of the Internal Crystal Furnace aside, your cultivation progress these past years, senior apprentice-brother Yan, has truly been a sight to behold. It is truly astounding.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded as well, “Late Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster- unprecedented!”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “The two of you aren’t bad as well. Yunsheng, just being a few days away from your twenty-second birthday, you are already a late Xiantian Martial Scholar. Meng Wan is at the same cultivation level as well, and there were two years in between where you were held up.”

“Junior apprentice-sister Sikong should be twenty-one now?” And you are already in the mid Xiantian Martial Scholar realm.”

Yan Zhaoge patted Ying Longtu’s shoulder, “The important task of breaking my father’s record of the youngest Martial Grandmaster must likely still fall on Han Long’er’s shoulders. Still, the ages when the two of you become Martial Grandmasters should not be older than for me, as long as you do not meet with a bottleneck and get stuck at it for a number of years.”

Sikong Qing said, “But your rate of improvement after stepping into the Martial Grandmaster realm, senior apprentice-brother Yan, is truly too fast, faster than even Chief’s. It truly is hard to imagine that you were able to leap all the way to the ninth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm, the late Essence Talisman stage, in not even three years’ time.”

“Senior apprentice-brother Yan, you should only just have turned twenty-five?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, shaking his head, “I’m almost twenty-seven. Over two months in the Eight Extremities World amounted to a year in the Vast Ocean World. Other than that, the timeflow in the dragon tomb was very fast in some places, being all scattered about. I should actually have spent quite some time inside.”

Exchanging glances, Feng Yunsheng and Sikong Qing then shook their heads together, “That is also an unbelievable rate already. You must know that the core, direct disciples of the various Sacred Grounds, under normal circumstances, are usually only at our current cultivation level at your current age.”

“Apart from Chief, there has never been a late Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster in the Eight Extremities World below the age of forty before. Yet, you are already directly below thirty.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “How unsightly of me.”

Looking at his triumphant look, Feng Yunsheng was amused whilst also exasperated, Sikong Qing repeatedly shook her head while Ying Longtu had on a face full of admiration.

After smiling, Yan Zhaoge looked east beyond the Myriad Dragon Palace, “Speaking of father, when a little more time has passed and the time is right, I will have to make a trip to the East Sea. Perhaps I can get the seal to solidify faster and let father and the others come out somewhat ahead of time.”