Chapter 802: Three Yan Zhaoges

HSSB802: Three Yan Zhaoges

“Who knows what this Yan Zhaoge’s background actually is! He was actually able to stir up such a storm in the Royal Reed Sea that his fame has spread all the way to our Setting Sun Archipelago.”

Suddenly hearing his own name being mentioned, Yan Zhaoge blinked before focusing slightly and listening intently.

Beside him, Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai exchanged looks.

Of the two speakers, one was an outer aura Martial Scholar, the other an inner aura Martial Scholar.

Beside them sat several Martial Artists who were probably their juniors.

That outer aura Martial Scholar said, “While the Solar Luminary Young Lord is young, he is already an actual Martial Saint expert. It would still be best not to utter his name directly.”

“That’s true,” The inner aura Martial Scholar sounded rather guilty, “Isn’t he still only at the Merging Avatar stage now?”

The outer aura Martial Scholar said, “Well, some think that he will only truly be deserving of the title ‘Solar Luminary Young Lord’ after having attained the Immortal Bridge stage, or the Seeing Divinity stage at the very least. Still, this is only for those experts who are around the same level as him.”

“You and I of a minor sect and insufficient cultivation bases had best remain respectful at all times. Who knows that these words you have said today definitely will not spread into his ears?”

The inner aura Martial Scholar beside him nodded slowly, “You’re right. I was careless just now.”

Even as Yan Zhaoge listened to this, he was also stroking his lower chin.

Ah Hu chuckled, sending via sound transmission, “Young Master, this ‘Solar Luminary Young Master’ should refer to you? Your name has truly spread far and wide in this World beyond Worlds by now.”

Feng Yunsheng laughed, “It is most likely because of the Extreme Yang Seal that many guess you to be the descendant of the Exalted Solar Luminary.”

The Kunlun Nine Luminaries were actually comparatively foreign existences to the average residents of the World beyond Worlds.

Many of them had not even known of their existence anymore.

When in the Royal Reed Sea back then, many had been unclear on this. It had been the Grand Xuan Dynasty which had first emphasised this point.

It was only afterwards that the name of the Exalted Solar Luminary Gao Han had resurfaced from a long forgotten history.

It could be said that it was Yan Zhaoge who had caused the resurgence of the name of the Exalted Solar Luminary.

Having obtained some news from various sources, discovering that Yan Zhaoge was actually connected to such a legendary hegemon from times long past, people instead became more interested in him than ever before.

The two of them had boosted each other’s reputations, their names spreading far and wide with knowledge of them spreading in an explosive fashion.

There were many speculations regarding Yan Zhaoge’s origins. Still, the personal disciple of one of the Nine Luminaries was inevitably the most legendary of them all.

This martial practitioner of the mid Merging Avatar stage who wielded a peak Sacred Artifact like the Extreme Yang Seal was an extremely dazzling existence.

Therefore, this was the most popular rumour abound with many believing in it and many taking it to be the most reliable piece of information.

Hence, even as Yan Zhaoge’s fame spread, some began to hail him the ‘Solar Luminary Young Lord’.

With this, even these Martial Scholars had drawn connections between Yan Zhaoge and the Exalted Solar Luminary.

“This name is actually not so good to bear, because it isn’t true,” Yan Zhaoge curled his lips, “Also, I feel that something is a little wrong somewhere.”

Ah Hu reminded, “Young Master, you once mentioned that someone seemed to be diminishing the legend of the Nine Luminaries of the past. The situation here seems completely the opposite of this.”

“This instead seems like someone intentionally borrowing Young Master’s name to spread things as they bear some unspeakable designs in secret.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “It may be just a coincidence, but this possibility indeed does exist.”

He had never feared believing in the possibility of the worst case scenario.

Now, he heard somebody outside say, “Still, I really would not have thought that the Solar Luminary Young Master would actually come to our Setting Sun Archipelago, to our Whale Region and Whale Fishing City.”

“Huh?” Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge was instantly taken aback, “What?”

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai were all taken aback as well.

Cloaked by Yan Zhaoge’s true essence as they walked around the Setting Sun Archipelago, this could cloud the mind and sensory abilities of the people nearby.

For those whose cultivation bases were insufficient, even if Yan Zhaoge openly swaggered in front of them, it would still be very difficult for them to notice him, much less recognise his shocking identity.

It was not like he became invisible. Rather than that, those people would unconsciously overlook Yan Zhaoge, not feeling that he was someone they needed to pay any attention to.

If Yan Zhaoge was willing, he could even throw himself into a crowd of people and disappear.

Still, with Yan Zhaoge’s personality of liking to show off, he almost never acted in such a fashion.

It was because of the unique situation with his mother Xue Chuqing that Yan Zhaoge was acting in such a low profile manner this time.

Still, it seemed like he had actually been detected?

Being detected was of no real consequence. Still, everyone already knowing about this with him instead not having noticed it at all beforehand would truly be problematic.

Totally unable to get his head around it, Yan Zhaoge looked at Ah Hu.

Ah Hu frantically shook his head, “Young Master, I was very careful. I definitely didn’t expose your movements.”

“That’s strange then,” A troubled Yan Zhaoge temporarily clamped down on the doubts in his heart, continuing to listen to those people speaking outside.

Another group of people was saying, “The Solar Luminary Young Master may be out adventuring. It is not strange that he has come to the Setting Sun Archipelago. Since he came to the Whale City, he would naturally come to Whale Fishing City for a look. After all, there are so many unique products here and the shipping industry is also developed.”

At a table not far from them sat a youth.

His face was angered and his fists that were on the table tightly clenched with veins pulsing brightly.

With irrepressible rage in his gaze, he snarled, “What Solar Luminary Young Master? Just an immoral bandit who commits only evil sins relying on his cultivation!”

As soon as the words left his mouth, his surroundings instantly fell silent.

The ones who had been interrupted frowned, “Aren’t you going a little overboard?”

The youth said coldly, “A licentious, depraved fellow who forcibly abducted my wife for his own desires based on his strength. Forcing men and snatching women, even if he is the disciple of the Exalted Solar Luminary, he truly besmirches his legendary reputation, bringing shame to a supreme treasure like the Extreme Yang Seal!”

Yan Zhaoge who was drinking tea in the elegant room almost spat it out of his mouth.

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai were similarly rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied.

Even Pan-Pan who had originally seemed to be lazily sleeping suddenly opened his eyes and stared.

The others outside were incomparably shocked as well, “Is what you are saying true?”

That youth said vexedly, “Now, he has even brought my wife to this Whale Fishing City and become and exalted guest of the Xie Family. I am on my way to expose his true face now. I hear a longtime expert of the Whale Breath Sect is visiting the Xie Family as well. At the time, I want to see how that one surnamed Yan can obscure the heavens with a hand, whether this is still justice in this world!”

Someone glanced at him, “It seems that you are not from Whale Fishing City, still being unaware of the latest news.”

“Three people all claiming to be the Solar Luminary Young Master all successively arrived in Whale Fishing City. They are to confront one another today. I wonder which of them abducted your wife?”

That youth was stunned.

In the elegant room, Yan Zhaoge covered his face with his hands, “What in the world is happening…”