Chapter 816: A Fiery Beauty

HSSB816: A fiery beauty

There had indeed been more pills scattered about than before on this new level. Yet, a considerable portion of them had been taken away.

The remaining ones consisted of both old and new pills.

This showed that the one who had taken the pills was not the one who had concocted new pills.

“Someone arrived here even earlier than we did. Still, it shouldn’t have been much earlier,” Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “Otherwise, the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace would probably no longer be here, and the Encompassing Abundance Golden Pill would not have shown a reaction at the Jade Sun Mountain Range’s Solitary Heart Peak back in the World beyond Worlds.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “Still, there were no signs of pills being collected on those two lower levels.”

“If they entered earlier than us, why did they collect only from this level, giving up on the earlier two? Is it because the pills here are better?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head in response, “No, the scattered divine pills are not much different in quality for levels. It is just that their quantity becomes comparatively higher the higher up we go.”

Yan Zhaoge surveyed the surroundings, “There is one possibility, and that is that the place that we and those people started out in when we entered this realm is not definitely the first, bottommost level.”

Before this, Yan Zhaoge and co had actually not been certain whether the world they had arrived in upon first arriving in this realm was the bottommost level of this dimensional space.

The so-called ‘first level’ was relative to themselves.

Similarly, Yan Zhaoge was actually not sure as well how many levels were left before the peak level.

The level that they were currently in might be the ‘first layer’ for those people who had collected a portion of the pills here before they could.

After discovering the existence that resembled a pagoda whilst also an altar, if it just happened to lead to a higher level, most people would believe their starting point to be the bottommost level.

If their ultimate goal was the peak level, such a way of thinking actually could not be considered wrong.

It was just that it was rather more tragic for Yan Zhaoge’s group.

As compared to that group of unknown competitors, they had climbed at least two extra levels.

Also, the other group might be faster than them as they had already continued advancing even higher up.

Time suddenly became of the essence.

Even Xiao Ai’s expression turned stern.

There was a question which they could not ignore.

They were unable to determine whether they had previously started out in the bottommost level or one of those in the middle.

If they had started out in the middle, they had already ascended three levels now.

And if there were indeed seven levels in total to this place, the possibility that the level above them was the peak level did indeed exist!

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “Thinking is pointless. Let us hurry.”

They continued searching for the pagoda that led to a higher level. After having found it, just having come to stand on it, Yan Zhaoge knew, “There are signs of others having used it before.”

From the remnant vestiges of aura, it appeared that when the other side had ascended the pagoda, they had been filled with caution, taking up defensive postures as they had feared that those mechanisms might do them harm.

After ascending into the sky, amongst the purple clouds and through the door of light through the mechanism, Yan Zhaoge’s group came to the ‘fourth level’ of their journey this time.

Just having ascended via the pagoda, a warning bell tolled in Yan Zhaoge’s heart.

Gazing into the distance, he saw that over by the horizon, a few people were walking atop the air, leaving the pagoda as they headed further off.

The other side was not moving quickly. Even as they walked, they seemed to be examining things amidst their surroundings.

Yet, feeling the fluctuations in the pagoda behind them, they immediately turned back to look at that pagoda. On seeing Yan Zhaoge’s group, they were stunned slightly.

The two sides just stared at each other from far away, the atmosphere rather awkward for a time.

The gazes of Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng and the others first landed on that person opposite them.

While this person was clearly not the one amongst their group with the highest cultivation base, all their gazes would still unconsciously first fall upon her.

A tall figure, garbed in red clothes and a white dress and a silverfox shawl.

Her features were flawless, resembling flowers that bloomed like brocade. Her beauty was at an exceptionally conspicuous level as she would become the focal point of any crowd at first glance.

This girl might not be the most beautiful. At the very least, there were indeed existences amongst those Yan Zhaoge had seen before who were no inferior to her.

Still, if beauties of the same grade were to stand together, it was still likely her whom bystanders would first pay attention to.

As compared to Feng Yunsheng who grew on the eyes, this girl would immediately dazzle one’s eyes, shocking one’s soul.

Beautiful and luscious, a treat for the eyes. Still, after that first glimpse, the thing which Yan Zhaoge was mainly focused upon had become something other than her looks.

For example, her cultivation base.

While they had not battled, this girl was clearly used to not concealing her aura in the least just like he too was used to.

As Yan Zhaoge observed her, he found that she should be at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Merging Avatar stage. She should still have yet to break through space and see Divinity.

Yet, she was extremely young, young to the point that even Yan Zhaoge had to look at her in a different light somewhat.

She was only a little older than Yan Zhaoge was.

In other words, she would not have been much older than Yan Zhaoge when she Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood, stepping into the Martial Saint realm.

This was even younger than when Yan Di had accomplished the Martial Saint realm.

Of course, Yan Di had previously cultivated in the Eight Extremities World, with the cultivation method which he employed also being the Clear Qi Profound Art which could definitely not be considered top-tier in the World beyond Worlds.

Amongst this girl’s companions were two experts of the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Seeing Divinity stage. Therefore, she was unlikely to hail from the lower worlds. Instead, she should be from the World beyond Worlds.

Even so, however, this girl’s cultivation speed and rate of advance was still considerably shocking.

Considering her longevity at her current cultivation level, classifying her as a young maiden would be shouting how old everyone else was.

If it was said that she merely had a high cultivation base at just a young age, that would still be fine.

Still, generally speaking, genius-level figures who possessed shocking cultivation speed most likely had extraordinary, unrivalled martial prowess as well.

This was especially so for experts who had attained the Martial Saint realm. Most of them would have experienced and slain their way through countless bloodied battles.

For those so-called geniuses who were not proficient in combat, they would basically have been eliminated by the law of the jungle and perished long ago in their youth.

Yan Zhaoge and his father, Yan Di, were the best proofs of this.

And currently, this was similarly displayed to perfection on this girl right here.

Yan Zhaoge was virtually positive that while this girl was still at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, her strength stably surpassed that of her two fourth level Martial Saint companions beside her.

This discounted any accompanying treasures, being based on bare-handed combat and one’s own strength.

This girl occupied the central position in the hearts of that other group and drew all their attention not just because of her appearance, but more because of her strength.

While she was not specially displaying it, her naturally emanating aura which she made no attempt to conceal had reached the level of drawing everyone’s attention.

With the current cultivation base of Yan Zhaoge and the rest, observing that group of people, they would naturally first pay attention to the one who posed the greatest threat.

Back at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, the Northern Ocean Clone had been unable to defeat the Radiant Light Sect’s Elder Cheng Song who had been at the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Yet, after having continually cultivated in the essence of the Great Wilderness Fish-Roc Art, also refining the essence blood of the Taotie and the essence qi of true dragons and receiving the tempering of the King Xuan Spear, the Northern Ocean Clone’s martial prowess at the same cultivation level had correspondingly been rising non-stop.

If the Northern Ocean Clone’s physique had been like how it was now, he would have been able to stably defeat Cheng Song back then.

Still, intuition told Yan Zhaoge that the Northern Ocean Clone still might not be a match for this girl at the same cultivation level.

As they had not actually clashed in battle and he could not know if she had any unique methods, this was already the most conservative estimate.

The Northern Ocean Clone’s current strength had been forged of his innate outstanding talent, peak martial arts as well as quite a number of fortuitous encounters and resources.

What sort of background might it be that could have groomed such a Heaven’s favoured daughter?