Chapter 811: Immortal Ending Sword And Immortal Trapping Sword

HSSB811: Immortal Ending Sword and Immortal Trapping Sword

Sun Zhongda’s cultivation base was being completely suppressed by the Northern Ocean Clone.

The Cold Marrow Needles turned all the true essence in his body into the force of yin, spreading throughout his entire body into all his pores as it was all-pervasive and truly difficult to withstand.

The sigil of sunlight on his forehead was about to light up once more. Still, it was suppressed by Yan Zhaoge’s Extreme Yang Seal, next instantly falling completely silent.

Sun Zhongda felt as if an unquantifiable amount of sharp needles were simultaneously pricking into every single part of his entire body.

If one were to say that every single one of his pores felt like they had needles pierced within, such was really far from sufficient to describe the density of the needles that felt pierced into his body.

Sun Zhongda felt as though there was no place on his entire body the size of a pinprick that was not suffering from that intense pain which penetrated right into the bone.

Such intense pain was not diminished for those exceptionally fragile parts of his body.

On the contrary, the more fragile parts of his body felt even more intense pain.

Such as his eyes, such as his throat, such as his Huiyin acupoint…

Fortunately, Yan Zhaoge did not apply this needle for too long a time.

Sun Zhongda shivered all over, only recovering after a long while as Yan Zhaoge looked at him with a regretful expression on his face, “Oh hey, it looks like you aren’t willing to have any karmic ties with me. I really can’t do anything about that. This sort of thing really shouldn’t be forced.”

If he could obtain victory over Yan Zhaoge, Sun Zhongda swore that he would properly teach this shameless guy who had benefited off him and was still acting all proper a lesson.

Yet, the Northern Ocean Clone’s palm pressed downwards, suppressing him as he could not move.

Sun Zhongda smiled bitterly, “There are indeed fellow disciples of mine who are searching for the same hidden treasure. Still, we are not working together. They are searching for it in dimensional space outside while I am doing the same in the World beyond Worlds. The item in question is with them; I really cannot produce it.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, he said, “I do have a method for communicating with them. Still, I really cannot tell you this. I would rather die beneath your Cold Marrow Needles than reveal this.”

With the secret communication method used by those of the Prime Clear lineage, there would be the possibility of him misleading the rest with false information, even laying traps to ambush them.

Moreover, the consequences if Yan Zhaoge were to transmit this news to some major figures of the World beyond Worlds were really something that Sun Zhongda could not predict.

He could provide a false communication method and make use of this to inform his fellow disciples of what had befallen him, letting them know to stay on their guard.

Still, from what had just happened, Sun Zhongda felt that Yan Zhaoge would not easily fall for the bait.

Since that was so, he might as well resist to the bitter end.

Still, speaking of this, while he was not afraid of death, he was not confident of bearing the power of the Cold Marrow Needles throughout.

How long he could hold out for was already something that was very hard to say for sure.

The greater the amount of time that passed, the more intense the pain brought about by the Cold Marrow Needles.

Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “I have said that I am not concerned with matters of your lineage. Still, you need to clearly tell me what I am concerned about.”

He suddenly chuckled, “Searching amidst outer dimensional space is not something which anyone would be able to do. Thus, from the looks of it, it must be someone who cultivates in the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual.”

Exterminating Immortal sharp, Slaughtering Immortal death, Trapping Immortal doth red light arise. Ending Immortal variations are infinitely subtle, stained in the blood of highest Divinities all round.

This verse briefly described the characteristics of the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords.

As compared to the Immortal Ending Sword which broke variations in space, its own myriad variations sending all other variations into extermination, the Immortal Trapping Sword was the sword of the end which could break space and time.

If one were to say that the Immortal Ending Sword destroyed myriad objects, the Immortal Trapping Sword sliced and broke through space.

When cultivated to the peak, a single sword could exterminate time and space, forcibly disrupting the river of time with innumerable spatial domains shattered as a result.

This was why even though Yan Zhaoge had easily defeated Kang Maosheng and Kang Jinyuan in the battle of the underwater palace back then, he had felt emotional that he did not cultivate in the Immortal Ending Sword. Things would really have been much easier for him otherwise.

It could be said that the Immortal Trapping Sword’s concept precisely countered and suppressed the Spatial Heavenly Scripture and the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture, both resisting each other as they were interdependent as both the beginning and the end, sharing some commonalities in principle.

After the Immortal Trapping Sword had attained certain heights, just like the Spatial Heavenly Scripture, it would allow martial practitioners move about endless space with relative ease.

Possessing both the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Immortal Ending Sword, Sun Zhongdao’s lineage really seemed like the most orthodox branch of the Prime Clear lineage there could be.

Sun Zhongdao’s expression was exceptionally entertaining now.

He stared at Yan Zhaoge for a long time before a smile appeared on his face that looked even worse than crying.

The Prime Clear lineage had disappeared from the World beyond Worlds for a long time, long since having become a legend buried in the depths of history in the minds of most.

In the current World beyond Worlds, who else apart from the top bigwigs would possess sufficient understanding regarding the Prime Clear lineage?

Although Yan Zhaoge might be related to the Exalted Solar Luminary, he was so clear on the special characteristics of the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords. And he dared to claim not to be related to the Prime Clear lineage at all?

Sun Zhongda had a very bad feeling about this.

With Yan Zhaoge not concealing anything at all in front of him, did that mean that he had already made up his mind to kill him?

“Relax. Although I’m a little unhappy about you impersonating me, seeing how you were so much more professional than those two fakes, I still rather admire you. If you obediently cooperate with me, I will not claim your life,” Seeing Sun Zhongda’s expression, Yan Zhaoge basically knew what he was thinking.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Tell me about how the hidden treasure you are looking for is related to the Jade Sun Mountain Range’s Solitary Heart Peak.”

“While I will not let you go, as long as you do not try to pull a fast one on me, I will not kill you. After this matter is over, you might still have the chance to regain your freedom.”

“As for if you try to pull a fast one on me, I naturally have numerous methods that I can use to deal with you. The Cold Marrow Needles were really just the first stage. There are still many more novel gimmicks where that came from.”

Yan Zhaoge looked smilingly at Sun Zhongda, “I wonder if you would like to give me a hand, sampling all of them for me?”

Sun Zhongda completely lost any and all desire to go against him, “I have no other choice apart from believing your words. So long as you do not ask me anything related to my lineage, everything else, I can speak of.”

“I have yet to go to the Jade Sun Mountain Range. Still, according to the clue that I obtained, there should be a secret cave estate there. There is a spatial passageway within that leads to an external dimension. A supreme pill treasure of the Pill Hall of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past, the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace, or something that is related to it, may possibly exist there.”

“Aside from that, there may be some random divine pills and efficacious medicines as well.”

“The pill which the previous owner of the jade necklace found in the Jade Sun Mountain Range should have been concocted of the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace in pre-Great Calamity times.”

Sun Zhongda said, “A pill from before the Great Calamity having been preserved even up till now, not having lost its efficacy, it definitely must be no ordinary thing.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge slowly nodded, pondering for a moment before he smiled, “Since that is so, I will have to trouble you to travel alongside this Yan for a period of time.”

The Northern Ocean Clone exerted force with his palm, Sun Zhongda’s figure next vanishing.

That Maoliang was again imprisoned within the Myriad Dragon Palace alongside this.

Now, Xiao Ai said from the side, “Young Master, you already returned that jade necklace to the Xie Family. Is that thing related to the hidden treasure or not?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “It has been returned, yes, but we do already have what we need.”

A smile appeared on the Northern Ocean Clone’s face as well as light shot out from one of his eyes, projecting numerous images in mid-air.