Chapter 819: Taiji Vs Taiji

HSSB819: Taiji versus Taiji!

Fu Ting looked calmly at Yan Zhaoge, “If you can force all of us away before our seniors arrive, that would also be a part of your abilities. Still, if we aren’t your opponent and we are still able to send word and request reinforcements, we will naturally ask Ingenious Flying Peak for assistance again.”

“If you have the ability to kill off all of us, we will naturally be helpless against it. That will have to depend on whether you have such abilities.”

With her identity and the power of her father, the Brocade Emperor behind her, Fu Ting’s stance actually could not be considered all that tyrannical.

Yet, her words were like blazing fire that incinerated the heavens as they were filled with pressure, “If you think to make use of the available time to kill all of us and then obtain the treasures before speedily leaving, I am afraid that it might not go as you wish.”

“I already sent word upon entering here. Those dispatched should be arriving here any time now.”

“When you came from this pagoda earlier, I actually thought that it was our seniors who had come.”

Fu Ting raised her brows slightly, looking straight at Yan Zhaoge, “Moreover, victory and defeat is still an unknown before we have fought. Even if you possess the Extreme Yang Seal, as you are not an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint, the power you are able to exert with this treasure will be limited.”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was as per usual as he appeared totally unfazed by Fu Ting’s momentum.

He smiled nonchalantly, “This Yan has also heard of the ties and relationship between the Brocade Emperor and the Southeastern Exalt.”

“As Miss Fu says, there is no enmity between us. There is no need for us to fight,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “Still, while there is no need to fight, that does not mean that we will not exchange moves.”

His hands behind his back, Yan Zhaoge spoke calmly, “In the Merging Avatar Martial Saint realm, there is likely only you, Miss Fu, who I am interested in sparring against.”

Hearing his words, the Ingenious Flying Peak martial practitioners opposite him all frowned.

While Yan Zhaoge’s words seemed to be worshipping Fu Ting to the heavens, Fu Ting was at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, whereas he himself was only a second level Martial Saint…

Fu Ting said, “Oh? I will really have to accept then.”

Despite clearly knowing that Yan Zhaoge might possess the Extreme Yang Seal, she still remained composed and at ease.

With her background and her present cultivation base, she would surely not lack mid-grade Sacred Artifacts. In fact, she might even have a few of them.

If it were high-grade Sacred Artifacts, she might not be able to wield them at her current cultivation level. Still, even without any high-grade Sacred Artifacts, she likely bore other rare treasures as well.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Still, that wouldn’t be now.”

Hearing his words, contemptuous looks appeared in the gazes of the Ingenious Flying Peak experts.

Yan Zhaoge ignored them all as he said mildly, “This Yan does not wish to fight you now because I do not want to give anyone else a chance to profit off our conflict. Just as you said, it would only be due to interest and self-indulgence that we might clash, with no irrevocable enmity existing between us.”

“Since that is so, we could simply spar at some other time and some other place, rather than having to do so in an environment like this where a third force could possibly come interfering at any time.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “If Miss Fu wants a fight, this Yan will naturally accept. Still, since Miss Fu is not so adamant on measuring this Yan’s worth, this is precisely fitting with this Yan’s intentions as well.”

Fu Ting’s gaze flickered slightly, “A third force?”

Yan Zhaoge did not answer, instead asking, “This Yan and my companions entered this place through a dimensional passageway someplace in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. I wonder how Miss Fu and your companions got here?”

Fu Ting said slowly, “We found a path in the northern Profound Heaven Territory. There are different entrances to this foreign dimension, this I already knew when I saw your group having arrived here.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, continuing, “There are several levels to this foreign dimension. Each entrance should lead to different levels. To tell you the truth, this current level is the ‘fourth level’ for this Yan’s group. However, to Miss Fu and the rest, it should instead be the ‘second level’, right?”

Fu Ting frowned, “Are you saying that someone may have cut ahead of our two sides, heading to a higher level?”

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, “This possibility does exist. Still…”

“What I actually want to say is this. Even if they are slower than us, that would not mean that we have nothing to worry about in the slightest.”

“This is especially so for your lineage. Even though peak experts are hurrying over to reinforce you, you might still not completely grasp the cards for victory.”

Yan Zhaoge snapped his fingers, “Of course, if your father, the Brocade Emperor, personally comes here swiftly, your chances of success would then be extremely high.”

Fu Ting appraised Yan Zhaoge with a glance, “Can you confirm the identity of this group of people? Or is it that this ‘third force’ consists of your reinforcements in the first place?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Of course they are not together with this Yan. Still, this Yan indeed knows who they are.”

He reached out and pointed up above, “While I am unclear on the specifics and how many of them there are, it is indubitable that they are of the Prime Clear direct lineage.”

Hearing the words ‘Prime Clear direct lineage’, the expressions on the faces of Fu Ting’s group all turned somewhat sterner.

Yan Zhaoge said, “To tell you the truth, while this Yan finds it distasteful that you doubt this Yan’s identity, I do understand where you are coming from. I took care of a couple of imposters of mine just a while ago.”

“One of them was precisely a descendant of the Prime Clear lineage, having impersonated me so that it would be convenient for him to traverse the lands of the World beyond Worlds.”

“It was precisely from dealing with him that I obtained some clues, eventually managing to find a way to this foreign dimension.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head to look at the world before him, “Still, I learnt from him that he is not alone. Instead, he has other fellow experts who did not enter the World beyond Worlds, instead having tried to find a way to directly enter this place from the extradimensional space outside.”

His gaze again fell on Fu Ting, “I do believe that there will soon be peak experts from your side arriving. I can trust that Miss Fu is not the type of person to boast emptily.”

“Still, if it isn’t the Brocade Emperor himself who comes in person, the situation here will not be completely within your grasp for sure.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Truly, this is not the World beyond Worlds. Running into descendants of the Prime Clear lineage here would not be anything surprising, right?”

Glancing deeply at Yan Zhaoge, Fu Ting suddenly laughed, her laughter as resplendent as fireworks amidst the night sky.

“Indeed, it would not be anything surprising to encounter descendants of the Prime Clear lineage in this place. It would be a good fit indeed for them to masquerade as Yan Zhaoge. While he is looked upon highly by Uncle Cao, most people do not know much about him and have also never seen him before. It would be extremely convenient for them to traverse the World beyond Worlds, especially so in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.”

Fu Ting said, “While I still cannot determine its veracity yet, I must first thank you for informing me about this matter regarding descendants of the Prime Clear lineage. This is information that I had not previously grasped.”

“The words that I said earlier still count. Still, it has become necessary for us to exchange moves now.”

As she said this, Fu Ting had already raised a clear, smooth palm, “Whether you are Yan Zhaoge is not important. Still, I must at least confirm this-are you a descendant of the Prime Clear lineage, trying to win my trust by providing such information to throw suspicion away from yourself?”

She would never deign to launch a sneak attack. Only after having finished speaking did she strike out with a palm.

Black and white now intermingled on her palm that was clear as jade, yin and yang phasing with a Taiji diagram directly taking form.

Accompanied by the rotation of the Taiji diagram, all objects of this world seemed to collapse into themselves all at once, losing their original form as they instead transformed into the twin qis of yin and yang, returning to basic actuality!

The form of the Grand Ultimate Manifestation of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, the Taiji Yin Yang Palm!

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “To tell you the truth, it is also only after having seen this move of yours that this Yan can truly confirm you as the daughter of the Brocade Emperor rather than some imposter.”

Amidst his laughter, he directly raised a hand, striking back with a palm.

The twin qis of yin and yang similarly intermingled amidst the centre of his palm to form the united fishes of yin and yang, the phenomena of the Grand Ultimate Manifestation, Taiji, hence appearing!