Chapter 813: The Ultimate Wastrel Yan Zhaoge

HSSB813: The ultimate wastrel Yan Zhaoge

After leaving Whale Fishing City and the Setting Sun Archipelago, Yan Zhaoge’s group hurried to the Jade Sun Mountain Range’s Solitary Heart Peak.

Pan-Pan lifted the Myriad Dragon Palace, speeding through the air.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were seated within the Myriad Dragon Palace. Ah Hu was cultivating in martial arts diligently, Feng Yunsheng was undergoing breathing cycles and Xiao Ai was being all enraptured by a map that Yan Zhaoge had transmitted to her.

The Northern Ocean Clone too was seated in the palace. He sat cross-legged with a huge spear placed horizontally across his knee.

Light flickered on the tip of the spear which resembled flowing fire with a rampant aura that was tyrannical and authoritative surging from within.

It was none other than the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the King Xuan Spear.

With the Northern Ocean Clone’s cultivation base, as he did not cultivate in the Grand Xuan royalty’s direct lineage Five Fires True Art and Seven Fowl Treasured Spear, it had not been a very easy thing for him to refine this weapon at all.

Still, having slowly whittled down its strength over the past half year, this weapon had already fallen into the Northern Ocean Clone’s control now.

Yan Zhaoge had not interfered in this, instead allowing the Northern Ocean Clone to resist it alone.

Even during this refinement process, the high-grade Sacred Artifact had simultaneously tempered the Northern Ocean Clone like a millstone.

As the Northern Ocean Clone inhaled and exhaled, the numerous acupoints of his body pulsed simultaneously, resonating with the numerous stars of the universe.

More and more of the Northern Ocean Clone’s acupoints had broken through and seen Divinity, possessing even more inconceivable power as he was correspondingly strengthened.

After refining the Grand Xuan Spear, the Northern Ocean Clone now stood at the peak of the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Seeing Divinity stage.

He was only a paper-thin distance away from breaking through that final bottleneck and successfully attaining the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Seeing Divinity stage.

Upon stepping into the mid Seeing Divinity stage, martial practitioners would have lit up the starfire within their bodies.

After the acupoints had been refined into Divinities, the inner universe in one’s body would begin communicating with the real external universe, beginning to take form as it was refined non-stop.

During this process, a continual strengthening of the fleshly body’s qi and blood was required to sustain the resonance between yet more acupoints and the actual stars as they achieved Divinity.

While refining acupoints to see Divinity did itself strengthen the fleshly body, it was still insufficient.

In order to unceasingly break past one’s innate physical limits, many methods had to be employed all at once.

Fire would be born within the acupoints that had achieved Divinity which were further used to cleanse and refine the body. It was just like starlight in the inner universe had transformed into starfire, pulsing within the sky.

By lighting up the starfire in one’s body and expanding one’s physical limits, one would be able to sustain more acupoints which had achieved Divinity, advancing along the path of the martial dao.

Lighting up this starfire was not something that could be done only with a single acupoint that had achieved Divinity. This required a certain number of the body’s stars having already been attained.

With the basic conditions having been fulfilled, one could simply unceasingly seek a way to break through the final bottleneck.

The Northern Ocean Clone had already arrived at this bottleneck. As soon as he managed to ignite the starfire, he would achieve another effective rebirth as he attained the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Yan Zhaoge himself had already finished moderating his condition now. He was currently focused on the Internal Crystal Furnace before him.

At this moment, following numerous refinements, his Internal Crystal Furnace had basically already regained its flair from the pre-Great Calamity era.

With Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation base as a Martial Saint, if he had sufficient materials, he would even be able to mass produce low-grade Sacred Artifacts.

Still, materials which could be used to forge Sacred Artifacts were always rare, even in the World beyond Worlds.

Yan Zhaoge was wondering if it would be the same even in the Jun Heaven Territory and Kunlun Mountain.

Currently, he was staring at a dark green bamboo cane that flickered with purple light inside the Internal Crystal Furnace.

This dark green bamboo cane had lengthened yet again. From its original five feet, it had grown to be nearly six feet long now.

Originally having possessed five segments, the completion of a sixth segment too seemed imminent.

Yan Zhaoge was holding a sword in his hand, its sword-light like a rainbow streaking across the sky as it illuminated the heavens and the earth.

It was the low-grade Sacred Artifact, the Glorious Rainbow Sword, which he had obtained from Liao Zheng of Shen Lingzi’s lineage when he had previously slain him and wrested away the Earth Ocean Lung Crystals, Heaven Bearing Efficate Fragrance and other treasures.

As a sword-type Sacred Artifact, Yan Zhaoge had rather habitually used this weapon for a period of time wherein he had rampaged throughout the Royal Reed Sea.

Still, he no longer had any need of it now.

First not speaking of the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Evil Sword Taotie, the weapon that he had wrested from Sun Zhongda just earlier was a sword-type mid-grade Sacred Artifact that surpassed the Glorious Rainbow Sword.

Gazing into the Internal Crystal Furnace, Yan Zhaoge threw the Glorious Rainbow Sword within.

“While it can be unceasingly refined to become stronger alongside my cultivation advancements, it still requires fertiliser too,” Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips.

Yan Zhaoge could burn artifacts and spirit artifacts like firewood. As for Sacred Artifacts, he really did not have many scruples about them at all.

Still, Sacred Artifacts were hard to come by at the end of the day. While Yan Zhaoge was gradually coming to find low-grade Sacred Artifacts redundant, there were many around him and of Broad Creed Mountain whose strength would be bolstered greatly by these.

In the Eight Extremities World of the past, a single Sacred Artifact had been sufficient to influence the entire global situation.

There was still a very limited number of low-grade Sacred Artifacts in the Eight Extremities World even now.

For Broad Creed Mountain to stably establish itself here in the World beyond Worlds, it similarly required sufficient foundation to fall back on.

Therefore, while Yan Zhaoge had obtained and accumulated quite a few treasures before this, he had still not thrown them directly into the Internal Crystal Furnace to burn for the sake of refining that bamboo cane of his.

Still, there was basically no longer a need to consider this matter anymore.

Speaking of this, he really had King Xuanmu to thank for it.

Following the battle of the Spirit Inheritance Region and that which had occurred when the Grand Xuan Dynasty experts had descended into the Eight Extremities World, Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain’s accumulated spoils of war did not consist of merely the King Xuan Spear, the Cloud Commanding Spear and the Precipitous Golden Armour. They had obtained a vast number of low-grade Sacred Artifacts as well.

While a few of these had unavoidably been destroyed due to the rather tyrannical methods of Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and Yuan Zhengfeng, there was a considerable portion of them that still remained.

Of all these, apart from some of superior quality which were retained, the remainder were all appropriated by Yan Zhaoge as ample firewood to burn.

For Broad Creed Mountain to achieve prominence in the World beyond Worlds, it was currently relying more on its top-tier experts like Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Feng Yunsheng and Yuan Zhengfeng.

As for mid-tier experts, they still needed a long time to grow and develop.

Now that the Internal Crystal Furnace had finally attained major completion, while Sacred Artifacts were hard to refine, there was still time for their acquisition of resources to be accumulated slowly alongside the growth of their talents.

Of course, if the news were to spread, those from other powers would definitely still be mindblown.

At this point, the Imperious Cold Martial Armour and the Fish Dragon Spear aside, Yan Zhaoge had already thrown all his remaining low-grade Sacred Artifacts in the Internal Crystal Furnace as fuel.

He could still use the former. As for the latter, being the first Sacred Artifact he had forged, he could simply leave it as a keepsake.

Of his spirit artifacts, aside from the Green Abyss Sword that his Grand Master Yuan Zhengfeng had personally forged for him, the remaining ones had already long since been indiscriminately burned.

Currently, it was the glowing dark green bamboo cane inside the Internal Crystal Furnace that was Yan Zhaoge’s most costly expense.

Still, Yan Zhaoge felt no heartache at all as he looked smilingly at the dark green bamboo cane.

Despite those great expenses, the potential currently revealed by this treasure that Yan Zhaoge had personally refined from nothing and gradually developed into how it was now was really just the tip of the iceberg.