Chapter 822: Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace!

HSSB822: Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace

The Northern Ocean Clone was still in secluded cultivation in the Myriad Dragon Palace. The speed of Yan Zhaoge’s group was hence not raised to the maximum level.

Fu Ting and the other Ingenious Flying Peak disciples were first to arrive at the pagoda.

Glancing back, she saw Yan Zhaoge and the others following close behind as they were already in the vicinity of the pagoda as well.

“Pretty quick,” Fu Ting thought to herself, not hesitating at all as she and those of her lineage quickly ascended to the peak of the pagoda, disappearing amidst the purple pillar of qi.

Yan Zhaoge and the others similarly did not halt in the least as they charged into the purple pillar of qi before being transported along by it, rising amongst the clouds up above.

Just like those previous levels, there was a door of light amidst all those purple auspicious clouds.

After Yan Zhaoge’s group had walked through this door of light, things grew illusory before them.

Yet, this time was different as just after having stepped into this level, a powerful qi tide suddenly surged over towards them.

That ferocious qi tide would be sufficient to overturn many Seeing Divinity Martial Saints experts.

Fortunately, Yan Zhaoge was prepared for this as a pure black metallic box appeared before him.

The combined incarnation of the Heaven Swallowing Sword Box and the Earth Devouring Burner resembled a black hole now as it completely devoured the wild tide surging towards Yan Zhaoge.

Carrying the Heaven Swallowing Earth Devouring Box, Yan Zhaoge and the others continued forth.

Gazing far into the distance, a streak of golden light was similarly traversing the tides, yet was able to progress steadily forward.

“Your Heaven Swallowing Earth Devouring Box does not fall into the categories of Sacred Artifacts and spirit artifacts as it was a treasure made for nourishing the Evil Sword Taotie,” Feng Yunsheng sighed emotionally, “This Sacred Artifact of Miss Fu’s that manifests the true form of the phoenix and the true intent of the Five Virtues should already be considered the mid-grade Sacred Artifact with the highest defensive power?”

Yan Zhaoge said as he walked, “Right, at the very least, its defensive power is unrivalled amongst the mid-grade Sacred Artifacts that we have seen and heard of, having attained the peak of its creation.”

“That Turbid Heavenly Mirror Armour that Madame Kang bestowed upon Kang Jinyuan, Qi Wei’s Blurry Shadow Woven Robe, the Immortal Talisman Embroidered Robe and Precipitous Golden Armour as well as some defensive tools that I have all cannot compare to this one of Fu Ting’s.”

Ah Hu swallowed his saliva, “Young Master, I remember you once saying that Fu Ting’s nickname…”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, ‘Yes, that’s right. The so-called ‘Grand Red Lotus’ is on one hand to exhort Fu Ting herself as a Heaven’s favoured daughter who possess outstanding looks and supreme talent.”

“On the other hand, it also refers to a famed treasure of hers known as the ‘Red Lotus Tribulation’ which possesses shocking destructive might.”

Fu Ting was famed throughout the World beyond Worlds for her mighty offensive prowess. She was actually someone who did not focus greatly on defence.

Even though her defence could be considered at the supreme peak amongst martial practitioners of the same cultivation level, there were very few times indeed in which she truly had to concentrate on defending.

Ah Hu was speechless, “Not mentioning her cultivation base, just considering treasures alone, with that mid-grade Sacred Artifact for defence and the Red Lotus Tribulation for offence, this woman is extremely powerful in both attack and defence. She seems not to have any weaknesses at all.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “It is only because of that that her reputation has always maintained its shine.”

Ah Hu suddenly chuckled, “Young Master, in speaking so highly of her, you are actually doing so to raise yourself on an even higher pedestal, right?”

“It was you who won just now, Young Master, and you weren’t even using the martial arts that you are most proficient in.”

Glancing at him, Yan Zhaoge said with the utmost solemnity, “You’ve changed, Ah Hu.”

Ah Hu felt bewildered, “Young Master, why do you mean by that?”

Yan Zhaoge said with an utterly pained look on his face, “Even though your skill in flattery was not high before, your expressions exaggerated and your tone stiff, you at least possessed a soul which was willing to work hard back then.”

“Just take a moment ago. In the past, you would always immediately come and raise the sedan for me, your Young Master.”

“Yet now, you have learnt to rain on my parade just like Yunsheng does!”

Ah Hu shrunk back his neck, smiling flatteringly, “I see. I was wrong, Young Master. I will definitely pay attention next time.”

“There will be no next time,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “From today onwards, your wages are halved!”

Ah Hu instantly wailed piteously, “Don’t, Young Master! Someone like you who’s ever so brave and wise and valiant and smart, loftily reigning above all others, magnanimous and benevolent, having righteousness and virtue embedded in your very soul-you would not blame the likes of me for this, right?”

Feng Yunsheng and Xiao Ai both smilingly watched Yan Zhaoge squabble with Ah Hu from the side.

Actually, the unique situation in this level had already made them all aware that it was not ordinary.

It was different from the few levels beneath.

They had likely already arrived at the peak level of this foreign dimension.

There were peak experts with mighty cultivation bases locked in a chaotic battle down below. Ahead of them was Fu Ting’s group, hastily moving along.

While Yan Zhaoge was moving faster and faster, not wasting any time, he appeared very composed and relaxed as no fear or nervousness could be seen from him at all.

He raised his head and gazed far into the distance. As they advanced, the ferocious tides of qi were getting weaker. Still, visibility was decreasing before them as a faint purple fog gradually appeared amidst space.

The medicinal fragrance was getting denser and denser, the sonorous song of immortals resounding by their ears as it caused one to be captivated to the point of forgetting their initial purpose.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge gradually realised, “It really is the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace!”

“To think that it really was here…”

This Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace which had been a supreme treasure even in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past was right in this foreign dimension, in the world of this very level.

As Yan Zhaoge and the others continued to advance, the purple fog before them grew increasingly denser.

As this went on, it eventually became dense to the point of feeling like a solid entity as it caused one to feel as though they were trapped within a swamp.

Even the powerful suction force from the Heaven Swallowing Earth Devouring Box could not do much when faced with this purple fog as it was hard pressed to devour and absorb it into itself.

While the terrifying suction force that seemed able to swallow the heavens and devour the earth was still present, the purple fog was not shaken in the least at it seemed to exist in a completely different world, a completely different spacetime.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change as he just kept the Heaven Swallowing Earth Devouring Box.

The next moment, the Myriad Dragon Palace appeared.

As soon as it came into contact with the purple fog, the Myriad Dragon Palace instantly shook.

A profound, indiscernible seven-coloured glow was now emitted from the beam of the palace, that supporting pillar as well as its door.

Illuminated by this seven-coloured glow, Yan Zhaoge and the others were shockingly able to continue their advance.

The purple fog up ahead slowly part, yet this was only limited to the region that Yan Zhaoge’s group was in.

In the midst of advancing, Yan Zhaoge even saw Fu Ting and the others.

Hindered by the purple fog, Yan Zhaoge was now faster, having come up from behind to surpass her.

As they were enveloped by the seven-coloured radiance and concealed by the purple fog, Fu Ting and the other Ingenious Flying Peak martial practitioners could not clearly see what was going on.

Still, the first person they thought of was Yan Zhaoge.

Despite feeling rather puzzled, Fu Ting did not say anything now as all she could do was concentrate fully and try to break through the obstruction of the purple fog around her.

The Myriad Dragon Palace opened the way as Yan Zhaoge’s group headed forward.

Yet, space seemed to have become endless at this moment as the rate of flow of time was also hard to sense.

Raising his head and gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw that the Myriad Dragon Palace was shaking more and more intensely.

This meant that they were already getting closer and closer to their goal.

Finally, streaks of golden light penetrated through the purple fog ahead of them.

The pressure before Yan Zhaoge abruptly lessened as they and the Myriad Dragon Palace passed out of the area of influence of the purple fog of clouds together.

What appeared in his field of vision was a huge, completely golden three-legged furnace from which those clouds arose!

The pill furnace seemed infinitely large as it filled the surrounding heavens and earth all round. Yet, it also seemed extremely small, just like the tiniest speck of dust.

Yan Zhaoge had broken through the sea of clouds right above where the pill furnace was located.

Even as he gazed downwards, he felt as if the pill furnace existed someplace higher than himself.

Various inconceivable and conflicting areas were displayed in this pill furnace before him.

Yan Zhaoge sucked in a deep breath, “…the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace!”