Chapter 827: Obtaining The Furnace

HSSB827: Obtaining the furnace

Enveloped by that black light, that massive, illusory hall was stern and imposing, seeming to instantly envelop the sky and encompass the entire surrounding area.

A strong medicinal fragrance wafted from that hall, suffusing the entire area.

This foreign dimension was indeed split into seven levels.

However, at this moment, the other six levels of space down below all folded upwards simultaneously, seemingly converging into themselves with the top level as the centre.

If anyone was still present in the other six levels at this time who were not at least Immortal Bridge Martial Saints, they would be crushed directly into shreds without fail, their corpses not remaining.

Looking at that palace, a curious glow shone in Yan Zhaoge’s eyes.

A scene which was already somewhat foreign in the depths of his memory resurfaced in his mind.

From its external appearance, this great hall in front of him was precisely the Pill Hall of the past Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace!

The Heavenly Court above the nine heavens had contained tens of thousands of efficacious pills and miraculous medicines. This had been an important treasured ground of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

It was just that it was different from Yan Zhaoge’s memories. The Pill Hall that Yan Zhaoge recalled had walls that were white and flawless, flickering with golden radiance as it was wreathed in clear streams of qi all round. At this moment, however, it was enveloped by black light.

This was not the actual Pill Hall, merely being a projection of the Pill Hall that was manifested here.

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “This is a mechanism established with the help of that Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace?”

Fu Ting, Gao Qing and the others detected that something was wrong as well. Yet, it was already too late for regrets now.

Those six Immortal Bridge Martial Saints who were touching the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace with their hands were all uncontrollably devoured by the black hole.

The black hall was condensed of light, its walls seeming transparent.

Yan Zhaoge and the others could see those six Martial Saints unable to get a hold on themselves as they hovered helplessly in mid-air within the hall.

As Immortal Bridge Martial Saints, they had lost control of their bodies, becoming totally vulnerable!

Amongst them were even two late Immortal Bridge Martial Saints. Yet, all they could do was struggle as even they were unable to extricate themselves from such a bind.

The black hall began collapsing inwards, a black hole taking form which swept those six Immortal Bridge Martial Saints within.

Fu Ting, Gao Qing and the others who were outside were caught within its influence as well.

Even Yan Zhaoge’s group that was further away was affected, caught by the suction force of that black hole as they were unable to keep themselves from plunging straight towards the black hole.

The Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace beneath the great hall that was the source of the black light shook before flying up as well and plunging into the black hole.

The foreign dimension that everyone had been in collapsed completely, space and time distorting as they were devoured by that black hole as well.

Entering the black hole, Yan Zhaoge saw what looked like an endless spatial tunnel before him which led to locations unknown.

The six Immortal Bridge Martial Saints who had been the first to be devoured were already nowhere to be seen.

Fu Ting, Gao Qing and the others had disappeared as well.

Ah Hu smiled bitterly, “Young Master, it is just as you thought!”

“Still, we’ve also gotten into a spot of trouble now…”

While Yan Zhaoge’s expression was heavy, there was a hint of a smile at the corners of his mouth, “That isn’t certain.”

With just a thought on his part, the Myriad Dragon Palace appeared once more, a seven-coloured glow being emitted from the great beam, the supporting pillar in the centre and the palace’s door.

Where the radiance was, Yan Zhaoge and the others slowed as they traversed spacetime, no longer speeding helplessly along without being able to do anything at all.

The chaotic space before them seemed to have turned into an actual passageway for them to stably tread on.

Yan Zhaoge sat at the doorway of the palace, leaning against its door before he reached out, writing with his finger in mid-air.

Numerous characters appeared amidst space from nowhere, seemingly etched there for a long time.

They merged within the Divine Palace’s beam, pillar and door, lines of seven-coloured text appearing on their surface where radiance flickered.

The characters transformed into numerous streams of light that extended into the surrounding area.

After a while, a loud boom suddenly resounded in mid-air.

The next moment, the seven-coloured streams of light were retracted, actually forcibly dragging along a massive pill furnace that was wreathed in purple qi and glowing resplendently with golden light amidst the darkness of space!

It was precisely the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace!

This pill furnace was extremely quiet at this moment, seemingly having fallen into a deep slumber as it did not resist being dragged over by the seven-coloured streams of light.

Yan Zhaoge opened the door of the Myriad Dragon Palace, directly ‘swallowing’ that furnace within.

The next moment, the great door of the palace mightily closed.

As the door of the Myriad Dragon Palace closed, spacetime instantly became restless and chaotic where Yan Zhaoge and the others currently were!

It was as if a rope that was being simultaneously tugged at by two immense forces had suddenly been released by someone on one end.

As the opposing force continued tugging mightily on it, the rope immediately flew through the air.

The pitch black spatial tunnel mightily broke apart with a ‘boom’.

Yan Zhaoge, Ah Hu, Feng Yunsheng and Xiao Ai lay low inside the Myriad Dragon Palace as they were swept elsewhere by the chaotic flows of space.

For just that one instant, Yan Zhaoge felt an extreme, icy cold aura emanating from the other end of the original spatial passageway.

That aura was like the cold placidness of ice as it seemed to have no emotional fluctuations at all in its sharpness. Yet, it was also like a lifeform that possessed feelings of its own as from it emanated fury as well as dissatisfaction.

The two conflicting feelings intermingled as they were clearly transmitted to Yan Zhaoge all at once.

Sadly, however, the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace was sealed in the Myriad Dragon Palace, with the ritual that had been ongoing effectively being forcibly terminated as a result.

Yan Zhaoge and the others no longer travelled through that endless passageway as they instead headed elsewhere amidst spacetime.

That spatial passageway was soon extinguished as it vanished without a trace.

It was as though all of it had been a dream.

Yet, the already collapsed dimensional space of the realm with the pagoda of seven levels reminded everyone of the shocking scene that had just played out here.

Also, those six Immortal Bridge Martial Saints who had been the first to be swept away had possibly been unable to break free in time, instead having been swept away completely.

Looking at all that had transpired before him, Yan Zhaoge fell into deep thought.

Having been able to sweep away two late Immortal Bridge Martial Saints without them being able to put up any resistance at all, the might of this ritual was beyond great.

If not for Yan Zhaoge’s Myriad Dragon Palace possessing the ability to stop the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace, interrupting the ritual perfectly, he would definitely have been swept away as well.

Who was the one who had set this ritual in place?

While others might not be able to determine this, after seeing the projection of the black Pill Hall, Yan Zhaoge could be certain of one thing.

The Pill Hall of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace had been preserved in a relatively good condition as it had survived the tribulations of the Great Calamity!

Currently, it was located someplace amidst the endless space.

Only then was it possible for a projection of it to have manifested.

However, who was the one who had set up the ritual in the first place?

Logically speaking, if there was someone who was capable of something like this, the Pill Hall should already long since have fallen into their grasp.

Yet, the other party had been unable to stop Yan Zhaoge from collecting the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace and wrecking the ritual, even having been unable to follow up on this afterwards.

It felt like that person had not grasped the Pill Hall.

Yan Zhaoge was rather unable to get his head around this as he felt that many things were doubtful.

“It is rather strange…” Yan Zhaoge exhaled, looking towards the depths of the Myriad Dragon Palace.

There, the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace was in a ‘deep slumber’, showing no signs of life at all.

While the Dim Radiant Wheel was also quiet, it was at least show some reaction if suffering attacks from the outside world.

This pill furnace, however, would just not move at all whatever Yan Zhaoge tried doing to it.

“I am still unable to refine this furnace with my current cultivation base. Some preparations and quite a bit of effort is still needed before I can use it a little,” Yan Zhaoge was not disturbed, this having already been within his expectations.

He controlled the Myriad Dragon Palace in traversing the chaotic flows of space.

While he was temporarily safe, just like Luo Zhiyuan and the others when they had left the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, he had to find their way back home.

This could not go on for long as the Myriad Dragon Palace would be unable to bear the burden.

After drifting along for an inestimable period of time, a world suddenly appeared before them. Yan Zhaoge controlled the Myriad Dragon Palace in heading over.

Just having entered, as Yan Zhaoge gazed over, he saw a few familiar faces before him.

With Gao Qing at their head, several Prime Clear lineage disciples looked surprisedly at Yan Zhaoge’s group who had suddenly arrived.