Chapter 838: You Will Have Died For Nothing

HSSB838: You will have died for nothing

As he despaired, that young monk felt the pain that Yan Zhaoge was inflicting on him to be exceptionally intense.

Yan Zhaoge’s methods sufficiently kept his senses acute and his mind clear, thus making it convenient for him to ask questions.

Of course, the pain inflicted by those torture methods was hence also enhanced further.

That young monk clenched his teeth, enduring even as thoughts flashed quickly through his mind with what little rationality still remained.

“The Immortal Exterminating Sword of the Prime Clear lineage…doesn’t seem like it.”

“Buddhist martial arts…doesn’t seem like it either.”

“Martial arts of those who worship evil devils and malevolent spirits…no.”

“The Peerless Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear lineage’s ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures…it has been discontinued for so long it cannot be confirmed.”

“The Oracle Divination of the Yellow River Nine Halls Diagram?” The Taiyi Fist of the Grand Clear lineage’s Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations?  The Nine Underworld’s Faceless Devil Scripture?”

The few possibilities that this young monk knew of flashed rapidly through his mind, “It has been a long time since those three martial art legacies have been seen. Could a new one have been born?”

Still, whichever of them it was, one thing did not change.

If it was not that the Buddhist bigwigs were intentionally keeping from acting due to some unique considerations, it meant that Yan Zhaoge had the ability to stop the transmission of Buddha light!

There was no way for more powerful Buddhist experts to know that his allies had been wiped out.

They likely did not know the location as well as the fact that it was Yan Zhaoge who had done the deed.

His fellow monks had all been killed for no reason, with this youth before him walking scot-free!

As he realised this, even he with his usually resilient mind and staunch will could not help but fall into despair, “When he attacked earlier, I couldn’t see a single trace of those discontinued supreme martial arts at all!”

Yan Zhaoge looked at him calmly, “Big monk, it looks like this Yan did not sin, and no retribution will be falling on me.”

“At the very least, you will not be able to see this retribution swiftly unfold now.”

“I have all the time I need to chat with you. Let us see how long you can endure.”

This young monk snorted, despair filling his gaze.

He said, “Don’t you even think about getting anything out of this humble monk, benefactor!”

As he said this, a bluish-green Buddha light of Vajra suddenly lit up within his body.

The Northern Ocean Clone tried to suppress this yet discovered that this Buddha light was not being emitted to resist him as it was instead causing an effect within the body of the young monk himself.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered as he immediately reached out and placed his hand against the monk’s chest, chaos in his palm as he circulated the Peerless Heavenly Scripture in an attempt to dispel the Buddha light.

Yet, the Buddha light was not externalised as it instead dimmed within the monk’s body.

An intent of purity and tranquillity was emitted from it before it fell silent, dying down.

The young monk chanted a Buddhist mantra in a low tone, “Our Buddha is benevolent.”

No further aura could be felt from him as the glow in his eyes was extinguished, his eyeballs resembling idols or carvings in their woodenness.

A faint layer of golden light appeared on the surface of his skin, causing him to look like a golden Buddha statue.

There was no trace of aura left within his body as it had actually died down completely just like that.

Yan Zhaoge looked rather astonishedly at that young monk before him as his body gradually collapsed on its own, leaving behind only a faint golden sarira that fell on the Northern Ocean Clone’s palm.

“Wow, perfect self-destruct. Is it impossible to extract information from any of these monks?”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “I wonder if only Buddhist martial practitioners who have attained a certain cultivation level can do this or if all of them are able to do so regardless?”

“I was rather careless just now. If I had known about this beforehand, I would have left a few more live ones. In that case, I would have been able to test it out on them one by one now.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed at that sarira, “The Buddha light has been completely extinguished and can no longer lead other Buddhist experts to this location. It looks like a last resort that is to be used only when all hope has been lost and no further options exist.”

“The courage and resolution to commit suicide is not something everyone possesses. Still, this is hard to say for fanatics.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, keeping the sarira.

He took one final glance at Sage Buddha Peak, “I can only note down this location. I will return for another look when the time comes.”

Yan Zhaoge still did attribute quite a bit of importance to this location.

That massive white elephant had already been killed off completely by Pan-Pan.

Currently, Pan-Pan had already regained his original size as he re-entered the Myriad Dragon Palace alongside Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone.

Yan Zhaoge fingered the sarira that he was holding, “Although it has been extinguished, the Buddha light contained within was the same as that of those Buddhist martial practitioners I killed just now.”

As the Buddha light entered chaos, it was completely exterminated as it was no longer able to exist.

Within the Myriad Dragon Palace, Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge, “There’s not going to be more of them, right?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “These Buddhist martial practitioners should be those of the Obscured Way World closest to this location. That monk who killed himself should have been their strongest local expert.”

“As for the more powerful Buddhist bigwigs, if they are unable to get a hold of the situation here in a timely manner, quite a bit of time should still be needed before they manage to find their way over.”

Feng Yunsheng sighed in relief before asking curiously, “From the words of those Prime Clear lineage martial practitioners, the peak Buddhist experts should know that you killed their people here. Yet, no one has appeared here after such a long time. Could there be some sort of misunderstanding?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “No, it isn’t so. What they speak of does indeed happen. You lot also have to be exceptionally careful about this if you run into Buddhist experts in the future.”

“The reason that I was able to kill them discreetly was that I integrated some of the Faceless Devil Scripture in my attacks, cutting off the communication that came about upon their deaths.”

“This is a top-tier devil art that sends one’s mind into chaos, being something that should not really be cultivated. Still, since we know that they have unique methods now, it is necessary for us to have something on hand that we could use to deal with it.”

Yan Zhaoge explained, “I will transmit some of its techniques to you guys later on. Do not allow your foundations to be disturbed. Just treat it as a method which you can employ.”

The Faceless Devil Scripture originated from the Faceless Heavenly Devil who had been one of the most powerful Great Devils of the Nine Underworlds, a hegemon spoken of in the legends of yore.

This devilish art was one of the best ones amongst the martial arts of the devilish dao which had been stored in the Martial Repository of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

It was just that its devilish nature was extremely strong, surpassing one’s imagination as it could influence one’s will.

Feng Yunsheng and the others all nodded.

Ah Hu smacked his lips, “That Miss Gao of the Roving Jade Heavens mentioned that the Dragon Spring Emperor is surnamed Long…”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Sun Zhongda once mentioned that the Prime Clear lineage has a rather unique lineage which originates from a senior apprentice-granduncle of his that is surnamed Long. It should be the granduncle’s lineage that Miss Gao was talking about.”

He had suddenly asked about this just now precisely because he had realised this.

It was very likely that leaving the World beyond Worlds and remaining in the Roving Jade Heavens had been voluntary on the Dragon Spring Emperor’s part.

From Gao Qing’s narration, while the Dragon Spring Emperor and the Profound Sovereign formed a combination where the female was stronger and the male weaker, they shared an extremely loving relationship.

With such a relationship existing between experts of this level, first not speaking of the Dragon Spring Emperor, how would the Profound Sovereign have forced something as humiliating as him taking on her surname onto him?

Of course, that something like this had indeed basically happened could not be considered wrong from the standpoints of the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens. However, these were two different concepts altogether.

This Emperor was of the World beyond Worlds’ Jade Clear lineage. It was not impossible that one of his descendants had been granted permission to return to the World beyond Worlds to live beneath a low profile.

The only unclear thing was whether the bigwigs of the World beyond Worlds saw this as a rebellion.