Chapter 843: An Unexpected Relationship

HSSB843: An unexpected relationship

How was his mother, Xue Chuqing, related to Sikong Qing and all those other lookalikes?

Yan Zhaoge suddenly thought of the first time he had seen Sikong Qing when they had lived in and grown up in the Eight Extremities World.

They had not resided in different worlds wherein the flow of time was different.

Their ages then could be counted based on how long they had been in the Eight Extremities World.

At the time, he had been around four to five years older than Sikong Qing.

According to the time in the Eight Extremities World, when Yan Zhaoge had still been a mere toddler and Sikong Qing had merely been born for around a year or so, that was precisely when Xue Chuqing had departed and disappeared.

“It shouldn’t be a coincidence, right?” Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself.

Xue Chuqing and Sikong Qing were definitely wholly unrelated by blood.

Still, Sikong Qing’s abnormal situation was likely related to Xue Chuqing.

As a result of the different timeflows of all these various worlds, the World beyond Worlds included, Sikong Qing, Yue Baoqi, Li Cheng and the others had differing ages now.

Yet, if their lived times were converted completely to that of the Eight Extremities World, their ages then would virtually be completely the same.

Yan Zhaoge did not cease in his footsteps as he sped towards where the light of thunder clashed up ahead.

Up ahead in the distance, a majestic pillar of purplish-blue thunder light and several massive green spheres of lightning continually exerted pressure on one another.

Several terrifying snakes of electricity traversed space as the entire foreign dimension was virtually transformed into an ocean of thunderbolts.

That purplish-blue pillar of thunder-light finally weakened slowly as it retracted towards its centre.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered, “It seems to be some sort of formation.”

The massive green spheres of thunder simultaneously formed a barrier, locking that purplish-blue pillar of light within. As the pillar of light was gradually whittled down, the size of these spheres of thunder decreased as well.

When Yan Zhaoge finally neared the area, he saw that there was a green-robed martial practitioner within each of these green spheres of thunder.

On the sleeves of all these green-robed martial practitioners was the emblem of an ancient tree that had nine branches.

This was precisely the insignia of personal disciples of the Eastern Exalt who reigned over the eastern Vast Heaven Territory’s Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale.

As for that purplish-blue pillar of thunder-light, it had decreased in scale as it gradually deteriorated in power, leaving behind only streaking arcs of electricity that leapt amidst the air.

The great earth down below had already been destroyed by exploding thunderbolts as the unique characteristics of the land there could no longer be seen.

There was only a massive rune that flickered with purple light which remained there. Still, it was gradually fading as well.

The surroundings were filled with the violent essence of electricity, forming a terrifying magnetic force that enveloped the heavens and the earth, affecting everyone’s sensory abilities immensely.

Yan Zhaoge circulated his vision at full power and scanned the area. No one was concealed in the vicinity, and there was also nowhere where people could be concealed.

The essence of that electricity contained the qi and intent of death.

This meant that someone had previously perished to that trap of thunderbolts.

“It can’t be that mother would rather die than be captured, dragging them down into death together?”

The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth twitched, “I am more willing to believe that she had already fled long before this. She simply left behind a trap here to swindle those who came to capture her.”

Indeed, someone now howled in rage, “We still let her escape in the end!”

“We clearly already prepared a treasure that can obscure divination. How did she still know about our arrival beforehand? Could there be a spy amongst us?”

Gazing over carefully, Yan Zhaoge saw that there were four people in total over there. They had a late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint, a mid Seeing Divinity Martial Saint and two early Seeing Divinity Martial Saints.

The remaining Clear Light Locale disciples who had entered to capture Xue Chuqing had clearly all perished to that trap of raging thunder from earlier.

If not for these four people being powerful and also having reacted in a timely manner, they would probably have eaten a huge loss as well.

Even while they had already made the right judgment during that crucial moment, they had still been hard pressed to protect their fellow disciples who were all somewhat weaker than them.

The Clear Light Locale martial practitioners were frantic now. Suddenly detecting someone approaching from the distance, they hurriedly turned to see who had come.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge, they were all taken aback, “Who might you be?”

As they looked at him, their expressions gradually changed.

One of them appeared shocked and uncertain as he sent to the other three via sound transmission, “Look at his features. Aren’t they somewhat similar to the Snow Crane’s?”

If not for them seeing Yan Zhaoge in a unique place like this and trying to relate the two, with just a simple glance at Yan Zhaoge, they would really otherwise have been unable to notice a discrepancy.

However, suddenly seeing Yan Zhaoge at this time and place now, the Clear Light Locale martial practitioners instantly felt that something was wrong, “There is at least a forty to fifty percent resemblance. Could he be a relative of that Snow Crane?”

“Looking from his age…her son?”

Their gazes all sunk now.

The middle-aged man who was a late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint stared intently at Yan Zhaoge, “Who exactly are you? Why have you appeared here?”

Yan Zhaoge was still scanning the surroundings, seeing if there was anything he had overlooked.

A short while later, having scanned the area a few times and still not discovered anything new, he instead heaved a sigh of relief.

It seemed that his mother had indeed already left this place, again successfully evading those who were trying to capture her as she had even left a big present behind for them.

Still, with that, she had evaded Yan Zhaoge as well. He could not but sigh at this.

Nevertheless, these people attempting to capture his mother might be able to tell him more about her.

“My name is Yan, Yan Zhaoge,” He snapped out of it, smiling at them.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s name, of those four people, the late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint and one of the two early Seeing Divinity Martial Saints raised their brows slightly.

“So you are Yan Zhaoge?”

Yan Zhaoge had now risen to prominence within the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, no longer being an unknown entity in the neighbouring eastern Vast Heaven Territory that lay to its north.

As the ruler of the eastern Vast Heaven Territory, Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale had also been paying attention to those young geniuses who had recently arisen in neighbouring lands.

While they had never seen Yan Zhaoge’s appearance before, these two Clear Light Locale disciples had clearly heard of him.

Still, this only caused their gazes to turn colder, “To think, to think that you are actually related to that Snow Crane. This truly is unexpected.”

Yan Zhaoge did not deny it, “So what?”

That middle-aged man who was a late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint exhaled slowly, saying in a heavy tone, “All along, that Snow Crane has seemed to have no relations at all whatsoever, also seldom forging ties with the outside world. As a result, it has been difficult to seek out her location.”

“With even the slightest signs of pursuit, things would end up like they have now, with her escaping before we even arrive.”

As he said this, the other party strode over towards Yan Zhaoge atop space, “Now, it is different. We finally have a way to deal with her. Rather than having to constantly pursue her, we can force her to deliver herself straight to our doorstep!”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, pointing at himself, “You want to use me as bait?”

A cold light surfaced in the middle-aged man’s gaze, “The traps that she set have killed and injured many others of my lineage. Even if we cannot bait her out of hiding, you can pay for the lives of my fellow disciples at the very least!”

With that, he directly reached out and tapped towards Yan Zhaoge with a finger.

A speck of green light flickered into existence on his fingertip before instantly transforming into a green clump of thunder that was even larger than a mountain peak!