Chapter 845: The One Who Played Dead And Fled

HSSB845: The one who played dead and fled

After slaying his first enemy with a single palm, Yan Zhaoge switched his target to the others.

While he said that he wanted to capture them and extract words out of them, this was actually aimed merely at their leader who was of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm.

This person clearly knew the most things.

Everyone was currently unable to use Sacred Artifacts as they relied on their cultivation bases alone.

After detecting Yan Zhaoge’s shocking might, that middle-aged man of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm tried to attack him.

Yet, the Northern Ocean Clone blocked his path, faster and stronger than him as his continuous attacks left him desperately occupied and otherwise engaged.

The expressions of the three Clear Light Locale disciples were stern as had never before.

“What exactly is with this Yan Zhaoge? Why does he feel even more dominant than that ‘Grand Red Lotus’ Fu Ting?”

Yan Zhaoge found himself opponents in ascending order.

After killing his first opponent, he targeted another expert of the early Seeing Divinity stage.

That person was a thin youth who appeared around thirty on the outside.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, a look of fear actually appeared on his face as he turned, attempting to flee.

Yet, ignoring the fact that Clear Light Locale’s legacy was not renowned for his speed, even for fourth level Martial Saints who cultivated in martial arts that were famed for their speed, there were few of them who would be able to outrun the current Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge strode forward, immediately arriving behind him before substituting sword with finger, stabbing out with a single sword towards his back.

That youth uttered not a sound as his body suddenly fell limp, toppling forward to the ground below.

Now, the remaining Clear Light Locale expert of the mid Seeing Divinity stage rushed rampantly over.

His palm manifested the momentum of yin and yang, one in front, one behind, one illusory, one real.

Between his hands, his vigorous true essence surged into existence.

Streams of clear qi manifested as a giant, towering tree which was nurtured amidst space within his very palm.

Then, wood birthed fire, fire birthed earth, earth birthed gold, gold birthed water and water birthed wood once more.

The Five Elements all birthed one another as soon, piercing golden light, a giant towering tree, surging water, blazing fire and a lofty mountain peak all appeared within that person’s palms.

As they circulated, the power of the Five Elements bolstered one another before a vortex was finally formed.

The vortex unceasingly drew in the Five Elements spiritual qi of the surrounding heavens and earth at an increasingly higher rate.

The abundant qi of lifeforms cultivated through the Longevity Martial Scripture was infused within this vortex.

The next moment, a suffocating aura of boundless death which left one on the brink of despair was born, its momentum surging to the heavens!

The vortex drew in even more Five Elements spiritual qi, circulating at a higher rate as it grew more powerful.

As the vortex grew more powerful, the life force was transformed into an even more decisive intent of death with even more vicious, ferocious power!

Rotating the Nine Elements, reversing life and death.

Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale’s direct lineage martial art, the Five Elements Samsara Wheel!

Yan Zhaoge laughed out loud, “Come on then.”

He tapped out with a finger, a speck of black and white appearing on his fingertip which transformed into fishes of yin and yang as a Taiji diagram now circulated.

Space rumbled as dense white qi and black qi appeared simultaneously, intermingling and shifting with yin and yang reversing as a result.

Wondrous changes seemed to be born in the principles of the heavens and earth at this moment.

The ferocious palm force of the Five Elements Samsara Palm was instantly unable to land on Yan Zhaoge as it instead tilted strangely to the side, shockingly directed at the person who was in the midst of battling the Northern Ocean Clone.

That sixth level Martial Saint was already exerting his full strength in battling the Northern Ocean Clone as he had not the leisure to pay attention to everything else that was occurring around him.

As a result, he was taken completely unawares as he was very nearly injured by his own lineage’s Five Elements Samsara Wheel.

Very fortunately for him, he too was extremely familiar with the Five Elements Samsara Wheel.

As the death qi neared him, it was virtually instinctual as he instantly executed the Five Elements Samsara Wheel, forcibly going against the current and switching death to life as only then did he successfully manage to deflect that killing blow that had suddenly sprung at him out of nowhere.

However, the Northern Ocean Clone made use of this chance to land a mighty fist on his chest, causing him to spew out a mouthful of blood as he toppled backwards in retreat.

Martial practitioners who cultivated in the Longevity Martial Scripture possessed incomparably powerful life force and recuperative abilities as they would recover quickly after getting injured.

The Northern Ocean Clone’s fist was not to the extent that his life would be lost for good at once.

However, his situation which had already not been good before became even more perilous now.

Now, this middle-aged man of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm instantly fell at a disadvantage against the Northern Ocean Clone that would be difficult indeed to reverse.

While his wounds were healing, the Northern Ocean Clone’s attacks that were even more urgent would only exacerbate his injuries.

As for the opponent in front of Yan Zhaoge, his Five Elements Samsara Wheel having missed, his expression instantly changed slightly.

Yan Zhaoge laughed lightly as he lined his index and middle fingers into a sword with his other hand, stabbing outwards with another sword.

This time, his sword contained the brutal sword-intent of the Immortal Ending Sword.

This was the sword of the eternal end which had a relation to the surrounding heavens and earth.

The sword-intent sent all things between the heavens and earth to their end. Meanwhile, the more terrible the surroundings currently were, the more it was like the end of the world, the stronger the might of the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords would correspondingly be.

The other party’s Five Elements Samsara Wheel turned life into death, death qi running rampant.

The mere aura of death alone was not of a tribulation at the end of the world in the general sense.

Before having arrived at the end of the world, the world could also be riddled with death all round.

However, having arrived at the end of the world, all lifeforms would mercilessly be exterminated, meeting their permanent end.

As Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal Ending Sword traversed the death qi, its sword-intent was boosted to a chilling, frightening extent.

That martial practitioner of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm attempted to reverse life and death between his palms once more, wanting to return the qi of death into the qi of life.

For a martial practitioner of his level who had cultivated in the Five Elements Samsara Wheel for so long, such a switch was completely natural and easy as it could be completed within a single breath without any delay at all.

However, Yan Zhaoge was even faster than him!

Before the variation in the Five Elements Samsara Wheel could manifest, Yan Zhaoge had already broken through the defences of his palm force with a single sword, piercing straight into his chest!

That person instantly emitted a muffled groan as blood spurted out from his chest.

Yan Zhaoge had just been about to capitalise on his momentum when his heart suddenly jolted, “Oh? Not dead?”

He immediately gazed down below.

The corpse of the second Clear Light Locale disciple whom he had killed should have been there.

With Yan Zhaoge’s vision, he was even able to see the person’s completely unmoving form from after he had plummeted to the earth down below.

However, Yan Zhaoge who had already begun analysing the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture was currently becoming more and more sensitive towards the life force of others.

While that corpse was enveloped by the qi of death, a shocking life force was actually concealed within that body!

This person was not dead!

At the same time, the other party also realised that he had been found out.

The originally unmoving ‘corpse’ suddenly leapt up from the ground now, continuing to flee into the distance.

“I shouldn’t have failed to kill him just now. How strange…” Yan Zhaoge was expressionless as he simply gave up on his opponent of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, instead pursuing that fleeing early Seeing Divinity Martial Saint.

His opponent of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm did not make use of this chance to flee as he instead continued entangling with Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge deflected his attack with an Yin Yang Finger, sending it towards that fleeing person.

The fleeing martial practitioner groaned tragically, falling once more.

Yan Zhaoge arrived before him, raising his palm and releasing another Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

Now, this thin youth who had played dead suddenly turned, meeting Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal head-on.

He abruptly opened his mouth, a bright light suddenly surging from within.

The rain of light formed of a spirit flag that pervaded the heavens and earth and restricted the use of various treasures now died down.

A purple orb shot out from this thin youth’s mouth, striking over towards Yan Zhaoge!