Chapter 853: Broad Creed Mountain, World Beyond Worlds

HSSB853: Broad Creed Mountain, World beyond Worlds

Over the past year, more and more people had come to know that where the Radiant Light Sect had been based in the Spirit Inheritance Region of the Royal Reed Sea, a new power had now arisen.

This power did not thoughtlessly expand on a large scale in the Royal Reed Sea as it just developed calmly, establishing their foundations there.

It was not like the Grand Xuan Dynasty who originated from somewhere else in the World beyond Worlds, having aggressively crossed the seas and domineeringly descended.

This sect which was named Broad Creed Mountain after the Eastern Peak of Daoism of pre-Great Calamity times actually originated from a lower world.

Some of its experts had come to the World beyond Worlds before establishing their headquarters right there in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory’s Royal Reed Sea, forging a new foundation.

Everything had started over, having gradually developed to become rather decent now.

It was inevitably questionable that it had inherited the name of one of the Five Peaks of Daoism. After all, Kunlun Mountain existed right in the World beyond Worlds as a core entity there.

Still, within a short period of time, at least, no one of the Royal Reed Sea raised any objection to this.

This seemingly quiet, low-key Broad Creed Mountain was a power that no one of the Royal Reed Sea dared to underestimate.

This sect’s current Chief was a young man named Yan Di.

Right, relative to his current cultivation base and longevity, Yan Di was unquestionably a young man. Even using ‘young man’ to label him was already calling him old.

Yet, just a ‘young man’ such as this this had already broken through space and seen true Divinity, attaining the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Seeing Divinity stage.

It was not any unusual that he was at the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm. All those martial practitioners who were rejected by the power of dimensions and ascended to the World beyond Worlds were of the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm.

In the World beyond Worlds, Seeing Divinity Martial Saints were mostly the peak expert of a region as they possessed great strength.

Still, they clearly weren’t the peak existences. In the Royal Reed Sea, the major powers that were ranked ahead generally possessed Immortal Bridge Martial Saints or high-grade Sacred Artifacts.

Yet, it was already extremely rare for a fourth level Martial Saint as young as Yan Di to appear.

What was even more shocking was that just having ascended, Yan Di had directly slain King Xuanmu of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Seeing Divinity stage.

As news of this had spread, the entire Royal Reed Sea had instantly been rendered speechless.

Upon hearing of this, Pavilion Lord Gu Hong of the North Sea Sword Pavilion and Chief Gongsun Wu of Copper Men Island had been rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied.

The others of the Royal Reed Sea would only be more shocked than them, finding it inconceivable.

Yet, this mighty feat was a cold hard fact, not being something that others could doubt.

Having been able to kill King Xuanmu, this basically meant that no one of the Royal Reed Sea below the Immortal Bridge stage and without a high-grade Sacred Artifact was currently Yan Di’s match.

After arriving in the World beyond Worlds, apart from paying a visit to Golden Court Mountain to meet with the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie, Yan Di had not left the Spirit Inheritance Region at all.

Still, he had achieved fame with a single battle, becoming a peak expert that no one of the Royal Reed Sea could afford to underestimate.

Controlled by such a figure, few indeed would think that Broad Creed Mountain that hailed from a lower world could be looked down upon.

Moreover, there was someone in Broad Creed Mountain whose name was even more resplendent than Yan Di’s.

Yan Zhaoge.

A person who was even younger than Yan Di, young to the point that it was virtually inconceivable.

It was precisely this person who had caused great changes in the Royal Reed Sea that overturned the heavens and the earth there, stirring the winds and rains there with his own power.

The current situation in the Royal Reed Sea could be mostly attributed to Yan Zhaoge.

Also, this young man bore more than just a single high-grade Sacred Artifact, being mighty to the extreme as he could not be evaluated by common logic even more than Yan Di.

These even included the Extreme Yang Seal, a treasure of legend.

What many took notice of was the fact that apart from the Extreme Yang Seal, Broad Creed Mountain even possessed a treasure like the Extreme Yin Crown.

This was a sect that overturned common knowledge in the Royal Reed Sea and even the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory itself.

They clearly did not have an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint. Yet, they already reigned dominant over a domain as they were not to be underestimated.

Many people were actually also observing them in secret, observing their upcoming development.

With King Xuancheng back in the Royal Reed Sea, things there had become uncertain once more.

Everyone wanted to see if Broad Creed Mountain had only momentarily blossomed or was to bloom victoriously over the long term.

Regarding what those of the outside world were thinking, everyone of Broad Creed Mountain did not pay too much attention to it now as they just progressed gradually at their own stable pace.

While Broad Creed Mountain had still yet to open officially, recruiting disciples in the World beyond Worlds, that would inevitably happen when the time was right.

When that day came, it would be equivalent to officially announcing that the East Peak of Daoism, Broad Creed Mountain, had returned amidst the heavens and earth of the World beyond Worlds.

When Yan Zhaoge and the others returned to the Spirit Inheritance Region, they saw a tall peak rising high into the sky from the distant sea surface.

Amidst that massive mountain range, it was as though a massive isle existed atop the sea that consisted of numerous tall mountain peaks.

For the current Yan Di, destroying a lower world like the Eight Extremities World was already something that was easily achievable.

The heavens and earth of the World beyond Worlds were far stabler than the Eight Extremities World. Changing nature and geography here was correspondingly also much more difficult.

Still, shifting mountains and moving the sea within a certain set space was still a very easy task for Yan Di.

This massive isle of a mountain range was Yan Di’s handiwork.

Looking over, Yan Zhaoge saw that there were also eight mountain peaks there which appeared no different at all from the Broad Creed Mountain of the Eight Extremities World.

In the sky above the mountain peaks, the radiance of spirit patterns was indistinctly visible as the Clear Qi Grand Formation had already been established, enveloping the sect.

The current Clear Qi Grand Formation was far from comparable to that of the Eight Extremities World in the past as it was now more worthy of being called the Grand Clear Grand Formation.

After all, Broad Creed Mountain’s grand formation in the Eight Extremities World was already sorely insufficient considering that they were now in the World beyond Worlds.

Before leaving, Yan Zhaoge had specifically made some improvements to the formation.

He had used the many treasures wrested from the Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners and obtained from the Dim Radiant Mausoleum as a material foundation.

As a result, many of Yan Zhaoge’s previous ideas could now be actualised for real as opposed to previously in the Eight Extremities World where it had been like a skilful housewife being hard pressed to cook a meal without rice.

Still, Yan Zhaoge viewed this new Grand Clear Grand Formation as still being at a transition phase.

He knew of many formation diagrams that he wanted to use. It was just that some more materials had to be gathered before they could be actualised for real.

Building a formation atop nothing was also fine. Still, since it was his sect’s guardian grand formation, he would definitely want one which had a stable foundation and peak strength.

Returning to Broad Creed Mountain, the first person that Yan Zhaoge saw was his second apprentice-uncle, Fang Zhun.

Seeing Fang Zhun, Yan Zhaoge instantly smiled, “Congratulations on Transcending Mortality and entering Sainthood, second apprentice-uncle!”

Fang Zhun smiled, “The environment of the World beyond Worlds is truly much more conducive than in the Eight Extremities World. Thanks to you, the sect’s accumulation is also more abundant than before.”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “Second apprentice-uncle, I actually brought back some good stuff this time. With your talent and usual accumulation, you may just be able to advance a step further very soon.”

Fang Zhun smiled, “Let’s first not talk about me. Your father is currently in secluded cultivation. Even if his cultivation base has not advanced when he emerges this time, he will definitely have seen huge gains.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Are you and my father taking turns to enter secluded cultivation, presiding over the overall situation?”

Fang Zhun nodded before saying, “The current situation is stable. Having repressed it for so long, Master will finally also be able to take that one step, coming straight up to congregate with us.”