Chapter 857: Accepting The Gift

HSSB857: Accepting the gift

After Han Long’er had described that person’s appearance upon his request, Yan Zhaoge smiled, saying, “Alright, Han Long’er, go and cultivate diligently now. If there’s anything that you do not understand, you can ask me or my father about it.”

Yan Zhaoge had already previously handed those divine pills suited to Han Long’er that he had obtained this time to his father.

Following the death of his eldest apprentice-uncle Shi Tie, Han Long’er’s education generally fell upon Yan Di.

Han Long’er nodded, saying earnestly, “Yes, senior apprentice-brother Yan.”

Gazing at his departing figure, Xiao Ai put her hands on her waist, “I really never thought that there are even people like this, who look a little dumb yet possesses such a high cultivation base at such a young age.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Judge one not by their appearances.”

Xiao Ai clicked her tongue in wonder.

Yan Zhaoge shot her a sidelong glance, “Your talent is similarly outstanding. You should work hard in your cultivation as well. Don’t spend all your time admiring handsome men.”

Whatever was good about this man-crazy girl, she just liked drooling at the sight of various handsome guys.

Yan Zhaoge was even aware of a little notebook that she kept which specifically contained the scores of all their male compatriots in Broad Creed Mountain.

Having headed out this time, she had given scores to those she had met on the road as well.

For example, Xiao Ai had had even given a B+ evaluation to the young monk on the white elephant that Yan Zhaoge had offed in the Obscured Way World.

She only ever watched them to satisfy her man-craziness. Even so, as she did this often, her attention was inevitably scattered elsewhere.

In truth, Xiao Ai actually possessed outstanding talent in not just formations but also the martial dao where her comprehension abilities were similarly highly remarkable.

It was just that this girl’s thoughts actually strayed away from cultivation much of the time.

Xiao Ai smiled awkwardly, hurriedly exhibiting her determination, “Young Master, while you already have Young Mistress, this maid assures you that you will always be the most dashing in this maid’s heart! In all of Broad Creed Mountain, there is no one apart from Lord who can compare to you!”

She paused for a moment before saying, “Mister Fang can also compare with you and Lord a little. Still, it’s mainly because he’s single.”

Yan Zhaoge helplessly put his hand to his forehead, “Is this the main point of what I was saying?”

Xiao Ai smiled in an even more lackey-like manner than Ah Hu and Pan-Pan, “In the eyes of this maid, this is the main point of all the main points!”

Yan Zhaoge flicked her forehead, “Settle down and go cultivate in earnest! If you don’t reach the Essence Talisman stage in a year, I’m going to shut you in and only allow female disciples to send your meals to you!”

Xiao Ai looked wronged as she pressed her lips together, “But, Young Master…”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hand, “And so it’s settled as merrily as this.”

Ignoring Xiao Ai and her grievance-filled face, Yan Zhaoge continued walking towards Sikong Qing’s dwelling.

Currently, Sikong Qing too had already long since accomplished the Martial Grandmaster realm, being considered a disciple who had left her master’s tutelage as she herself was free to accept disciples.

It was just that Sikong Qing had a cold, aloof personality and was also fully focused on her own cultivation. An Elder of the Martial Inheritance Hall had once mentioned the issue of accepting disciples to her but had been immediately rejected by her.

As Sikong Qing was still young, it was only understandable that she concentrated on her own cultivation right now. Therefore, the Elder of the Martial Inheritance Hall had not minded this.

As Yan Zhaoge walked, he was not wasting his time.

His Northern Ocean Clone too had seen Ying Longtu’s depiction of that person who had delivered the jade talisman. Currently, he was in the Myriad Dragon Palace again interrogating Sun Zhongda.

Beside his martial arts, Han Long’er was slow in all other matters and had an honest personality too.

Even so, he was extremely earnest and diligent in doing things. This was also exhibited in the various aspects of his daily life.

He had solidly kept the other party’s appearance in his memory down to all the minute details as the reconstructed image of light was intricate to the extreme.

Yan Zhaoge who understood this unique point of Ying Longtu’s knew that the image depicted should be no different at all from the other party’s actual appearance.

The only problem was that if the other party was indeed of the Prime Clear lineage, having entered the World beyond Worlds, it was also possible that he had disguised himself as someone else just like Sun Zhongda had.

Still, after seeing the image, while Sun Zhongda’s expression did not change, his gaze rippled slightly.

The Northern Ocean Clone asked, “Looks like you know him. Is this person your fellow disciple?”

Sun Zhongda pondered in silence as he did not immediately answer.

The Northern Ocean Clone smiled, “No need to worry. It is not that this Yan captured another of your fellow disciples. Instead, he took the initiative to look for me, wanting to redeem you back.”

If it was really someone of the Prime Clear lineage, whatever their motives, since Yan Zhaoge had decided to keep the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual, there was then no further need for him to continue imprisoning Sun Zhongda.

He had already wrung all the news he could from Sun Zhongda. If he did not kill him, the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual’s value was so much that it was sufficient to redeem a few hundred of him.

Through Sun Zhongda’s clue, Yan Zhaoge had managed to locate the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace. With that, he already no longer intended to pursue the matter of being impersonated.

Of course, there definitely could not be a second time.

Seeing the Northern Ocean Clone say so, Sun Zhongda’s expression instantly relaxed as he nodded, “He is my senior apprentice-uncle.”

The Northern Ocean Clone said, “Very good. You can leave now.”

Sun Zhongda’s lips twitched. He very much wanted to ask Yan Zhaoge what his lineage had used to redeem him with.

Still, he did not ask about this in the end as he just sighed, cupping his hands towards Yan Zhaoge, “Since that is so, this Sun now takes his leave.”

Currently, the effects of the Form Dissipating Pill had already long since worn off. Not having taken any more of them, Sun Zhongda’s appearance was already no longer that of Yan Zhaoge’s as he had regained his original features. He was actually rather young and handsome himself.

The Northern Ocean Clone brought Sun Zhongda along in leaving Broad Creed Mountain, heading a distance away before only then setting him free, allowing him to depart on his own.

Yan Zhaoge himself continued walking amongst the mountains of Broad Creed Mountain, pondering unceasingly, “It really was the Prime Clear direct lineage…”

He shook his head slightly, arriving at Sikong Qing’s dwelling.

As Yan Zhaoge intentionally released his aura, Sikong Qing quickly detected him as she came outside, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan?”

Appraising Sikong Qing with a glance, Yan Zhaoge nodded to himself.

Sikong Qing had previously continually been cultivating in the Vast Ocean World.

As the timeflow in the Vast Ocean World was even faster than in the World beyond Worlds, the time Sikong Qing had spent cultivating was quite a lot.

Still, the abundance of spiritual qi in the Vast Ocean World was completely incomparable to that of the World beyond Worlds.

Under such circumstances, Sikong Qing’s cultivation speed had just been slightly slower than Feng Yunsheng’s.

Yet, in travelling with Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng had had access to all those treasures from the Myriad Dragon Palace and the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, having had more resources available as compared to Sikong Qing.

From this, it could be seen that Sikong Qing was definitely no less talented than Feng Yunsheng.

After Yan Zhaoge, these two Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters below the age of thirty were shockingly talented figures even in the World beyond Worlds.

It was just that Feng Yunsheng’s current situation was very special as she simultaneously grasped both the Cold Sun Divine Sabre and Extreme Yin Crown, being able to erupt with extremely shocking power over a short period of time that was enough to contend with most Seeing Divinity Martial Saints.

Strictly speaking, her skirmishing combat power might even be superior to Yuan Zhengfeng’s as she could be considered Broad Creed Mountain’s current number three expert.

When Feng Yunsheng had accomplished the Martial Saint realm, her strength would only skyrocket even further.

Still, just based on innate talent alone, Sikong Qing was probably still somewhat superior to her.

And the ultimate source of this was very possibly none other than Xue Chuqing.

Yan Zhaoge pondered on this as he said, “There is something new that I should inform junior apprentice-sister Sikong about.”