Chapter 856: Nodding Off And Someone Sends A Pillow

HSSB856: Nodding off and someone sends a pillow

Looking at the jade talisman, Yan Zhaoge was not in a rush to open it as he pondered for a moment before asking, “Han Long’er, could you see through the depths of that person’s cultivation base and their foundations and origins?”

Ying Longtu shook his head, “I couldn’t. That cultivation base should be much higher than mine.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded silently before extending a hand and placing it on the wrist of this youth before him.

The current Ying Longtu was no ordinary figure at all.

He had already long since officially broken Yan Di’s record in the Eight Extremities World as the youngest Martial Grandmaster.

A Martial Grandmaster at the age of sixteen-such was unparalleled in the Eight Extremities World.

Speaking of this, one at his age would already be considered an elite amongst elites and a genius amongst geniuses in the Eight Extremities World if they had attained the Martial Scholar realm.

While Yan Zhaoge was unable to confirm if accomplishing the Martial Grandmaster realm at the age of sixteen was also a record in the World beyond Worlds, even if it wasn’t, those comparable to Han Long’er were probably also as rare as the feathers of phoenixes and the horns of unicorns.

Despite having yet to reach the age of twenty, the current Han Long’er had already recently broken through to the fourth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm, the early Essence Spirit stage.

While he had currently yet to achieve his fame, he merely lacked opportunity and a stage for such.

As soon as such an opportunity came, he would immediately soar into the heavens.

With the current talent and capabilities he exhibited, it would not be exaggerated to say that his fame would shake the entire World beyond Worlds.

If this person who had sent over the jade talisman indeed possessed a higher cultivation base than Han Long’er, with his vision, it would not have been difficult in the least for him to see Han Long’er’s extraordinariness.

Checking Han Long’er’s body, Yan Zhaoge confirmed that no one had left any concealed afflictions or problems within.

Since it was so, the person who had sent over the jade talisman likely bore no malicious intentions. Otherwise, they might have wounded Han Long’er in secret.

Anyway, who could it be?

Looking at the jade talisman he held, various possibilities instantly surfaced in Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

Yet, upon opening the jade talisman and sensing the essence of the martial art contained within, he was involuntarily stunned once more.

“This is…the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual?”

This had truly surpassed Yan Zhaoge’s expectations.

He composed himself, carefully analysing it and contrasting it with the Immortal Ending Sword Manual that he possessed.

A moment later, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze turned deep and distant, “This is not a sword dao comprehended by the Jade Clear lineage after obtaining the Immortal Ending Sword itself. Instead, it is one of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords of the Prime Clear direct lineage!”

This meant that the person who had delivered the sword manual was likely of the Prime Clear lineage.

The Earthly Sovereign had decreed that direct descendants of the Prime Clear lineage were not allowed to set foot in the World beyond Worlds. The entire World beyond Worlds tacitly abided by this.

Yet, this did not mean that descendants of the Prime Clear lineage were completely unable to enter. It just meant that as soon as their identities were exposed, it would be difficult for them to continue operating freely in the World beyond Worlds.

It was because of this that Sun Zhongda had previously impersonated Yan Zhaoge to ease his travels.

It was just-why had a descendant of the Prime Clear lineage sent over the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual?

Already aware that Sun Zhongda was in his hands, they really meant to redeem him back with this?

If the person that Yan Zhaoge had captured was Gao Qing, that might really be possible somewhat. This person surnamed Sun was that important?

Was it some sort of reward or trade?

In the Obscured Way World, while he had made it easier for Gao Qing and the others of the Prime Clear lineage to escape by slaying those Buddhist monks, this was far from sufficient to justify this supreme martial art, the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual, being presented to him by the Roving Jade Heavens as a reward.

Arts were not easily transmitted. This principle applied for any and all lineages alike.

There were possibilities like gifting weapons, pills, treasures or even promises of assistance in returning the favour. Really, who would return the favour with their own supreme martial art?

It was not even Yan Zhaoge who had tried to obtain it. Instead, it had been delivered to him for free?

This just made no sense no matter what.

“They are aware that I cultivate in the Immortal Ending Sword through Lin Hanhua?” Many thoughts instantly flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

Perhaps the other side felt him to be different from the others of the World beyond Worlds, being someone whom they could draw over to their side?

The great might and potential currently exhibited by Yan Zhaoge was already remarkable indeed.

This was especially significant considering that he was not just on his lonesome.

Yan Di was his father while Feng Yunsheng who grasped the Extreme Yin Crown and the Cold Sun Divine Sabre was his partner.

These two were both geniuses whose strength and potential were recognised by the entire world.

While Yan Zhaoge usually felt great about himself, this was really not self-praise here when he said that the current him was already worthy of others investing in prior to maturity.

“The Immortal Ending Sword aside, if I even successfully cultivate in the Immortal Trapping Sword, if and as soon as that fact is exposed, no one from the World beyond Worlds would believe me if I say that I am unrelated to the Prime Clear lineage.”

Yan Zhaoge curled his lips, “Might this be part of their considerations? Are they betting on my willpower?”

Or was it that that Exalted Solar Luminary whose whereabouts and fate were unknown had been hiding in the Roving Jade Heavens all along in the first place?

He was going to make a move regarding him who had obtained his past treasure, the Extreme Yang Seal?

As Yan Zhaoge pondered, showing nothing on the surface, he casually asked Ying Longtu, “Have you met with any problems in your cultivation?”

Ying Longtu answered in a simple and honest manner, “I met with problems sometimes when in the Vast Ocean World. After coming to the World beyond Worlds where I can ask Chief for pointers, it is already fine.”

Right, Ying Longtu had now already become another Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioner who was versed in all the Eight Extreme Arts following Yuan Zhengfeng, Yan Di and Fang Zhun.

Whether he was deeply proficient in them was another thing altogether. That aside, Ying Longtu had indeed learnt all the Eight Extreme Arts now.

After having learnt all the Eight Extreme Arts, Ying Longtu would next be choosing not the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm, the Immeasurable Heavenly Sabre or the Limitless Heavenly Sword to cultivate in.

What he was to learn was the Extreme Heaven Domineering Sabre that Yan Di had created.

Back in the Vast Ocean World and the Eight Extremities World, he would only have been able to reference the sabre manuals that Yan Di had left behind. Having come to the World beyond Worlds, he was now able to directly look for Yan Di for guidance.

Yan Zhaoge smiled and nodded as he continued to ponder on the matter of the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual even as he conversed with Ying Longtu.

“I still have too little information on hand. It really isn’t sufficient for me to make a judgment.”

Actually, there was also another possibility that existed, though it was a smaller one.

Whether it was from him stirring waves in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory or his interactions with Fu Ting and those other Ingenious Flying Peak martial practitioners, he had gradually started entering the fields of vision of those peak figures of Kunlun Mountain already.

Could the other side be making use of this to test this person who had suddenly sprung out from a lower world?

While the possibility of this was low indeed, even if this was the complete version of the Prime Clear lineage’s Immortal Trapping Sword Manual, it did not entail that only their descendants alone had it.

Obtaining and storing a martial art had no definite relation with whether one truly cultivated in it.

As he pondered, Yan Zhaoge smiled derisively at himself, “Hey, maybe I’m just thinking too much?”

He shook his head. As opposed to the other party’s identity, the decision that he needed to make here on what to do in relation to this matter was really more important.

The Immortal Trapping Sword Manual was undoubtedly one of the peak martial arts of the dao of the sword that existed in this world.

A treasure having been sent to his doorstep, Yan Zhaoge would definitely accept it with glee.

What he was considering was how to, if this was a bait, swallow it down whilst also avoiding getting hooked by it.

In other words, there wasn’t anything to decide on what to technically do. It was only the details on a strategic level that had to be considered.

To Yan Zhaoge, the Immortal Trapping Sword Scripture entailed much indeed.

As he cultivated simultaneously in the Three Purities, apart from the Primordial Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear lineage, he also required martial arts of the Grand Clear and Prime Clear lineages.

This Immortal Trapping Sword Manual before him was really like someone gifting him a pillow right as he was already nodding off.