Chapter 855: The Martial Art That Came For Free

HSSB855: The martial art that came for free

Hearing Yan Di’s question, Yan Zhaoge answered solemnly, “I luckily managed to run into Clear Light Locale disciples searching for mother this time. There, Li Cheng who resembles junior apprentice-sister Sikong just happened to be guarding outside the dimensional entrance, not having entered the foreign dimension.”

Otherwise, Clear Light Locale might know that the likes of Sikong Qing and Li Cheng were related to Xue Chuqing.

Yan Zhaoge said, “While I cannot be absolutely certain, I believe that my judgment is not wrong.”

The uniqueness of Sikong Qing and co with the runes concealed within their souls was likely orchestrated by Xue Chuqing.

Meanwhile, Xue Chuqing was most likely currently being pursued due to this as well.

Yan Di pondered slightly before saying, “You should tell junior apprentice-niece Sikong about this. You can be brief on your mother’s matters. The most important thing is to let junior apprentice-niece Sikong be mentally prepared, remaining vigilant while traversing the outside world.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I understand.”

The father and son talked about many other issues which were mostly related to the current global situation in the World beyond Worlds and Broad Creed Mountain’s future development.

While Yan Zhaoge had not assumed any position in Broad Creed Mountain, he had already long since become a core member of its management.

Whether it was Yan Di or Yuan Zhengfeng, they were all happy to seek out his opinion in deciding the general direction Broad Creed Mountain was to head in.

At the end of it, Yan Di smiled as he said, “In having headed out this time, your gains have truly been abundant indeed. Those divine pills are one thing. Despite their great quantity, they will still be used up eventually. Having been able to obtain the legendary Cyclic Heavenly Scripture is even more hard to come by. This is the true cornerstone of a lineage, an art hence establishing a foundation that will last ten thousand lifetimes.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “While it is incomplete, there is still the possibility of restoring it completely. At that time, you can peruse it along with Grand Master.”

“Our Heavenly Broad Creed Palm originates from the Cyclic Heavenly Seal in the first place.”

He sighed, “Sadly, the fragment found by our founder, the Heaven Establishing Old Man Qiu Yuan, was lost.”

The founder of Broad Creed Mountain in the Eight Extremities World, the Heaven Establishing Old Man Qiu Yuan, had obtained a miraculous fragment in the past through which he had gleaned the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm and established Broad Creed Mountain’s initial foundation.

This fragment had become one of Broad Creed Mountain’s heirlooms, having been passed down from Chief to Chief over the generations as others of the lineage seldom had a chance to view it.

Yan Zhaoge had originally felt very interested regarding this.

He suspected that that fragment originated from the famed, wondrous treasure known as the Cyclic Heavenly Seal belonging to the former Daoism bigwig, the Lord of Broad Accomplishment, that year.

After Yan Di had become Broad Creed Mountain’s Chief, Yan Zhaoge had even wanted to ‘take the backdoor’ and borrow the fragment from his father to analyse for a bit.

Who knew that Yan Di would learn from Yuan Zhengfeng that this fragment had already been lost since way back.

According to Yuan Zhengfeng, the fragment had been lost during the reign of the Chief before the Exalted Heaven Shaker Zhan Dongge, its whereabouts wholly unknown.

What was strange was that how the fragment had been lost and whose hands it had ended up in still remained a mystery even today.

The next Chiefs Zhan Dongge, Zhang Xilou and Yuan Zhengfeng had all tried their utmost to find that fragment but to no avail.

With Broad Creed Mountain’s strength in the Eight Extremities World, even at their weakest, it would have been impossible for such an important treasure of theirs to be stolen by outsiders.

Even if it had been stolen by outsiders, it would definitely not have vanished into thin air like this as they should know who had done it and how they had lost it at the very least.

Therefore, Zhan Dongge, Yuan Zhengfeng and the others investigating this matter had all judged that the problem came from within, being internal rather than external.

Sadly, they had never been able to discover anything substantial.

Due to the uniqueness of the fragment, news on it was strictly restricted. Still, it had been the greatest unsolvable mystery for Broad Creed Mountain over the past hundred odd years.

Yet, realising the existence of the World beyond Worlds and recognising the might of treasures like the Extreme Yang Seal and Extreme Yin Crown, knowing that the Exalted Solar Luminary and Exalted Lunar Luminary had once been to the Eight Extremities World, Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and Yuan Zhengfeng began to suspect that the problem may not actually have been internal.

Seeing how the principles of the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture were also contained with the Extreme Yang Seal alongside the profundities of the Extreme Yang Scripture, Yan Zhaoge now especially suspected that mysterious Exalted Solar Luminary, Gao Han, who had left the Extreme Yang Seal within the deep abyss of the Earth Domain and made everyone believe him dead.

With the capabilities of this bigwig, soundlessly stealing something from Broad Creed Mountain in the Eight Extremities World would be even simpler than eating rice or drinking water.

Let alone an immobile object, even living humans, countless living humans could be taken away by him with a wave of a hand with none the wiser.

Yan Di said, “So many years already having passed, it will only be more difficult to investigate it now. Still, this is a major matter for our lineage. We still have to give it our all.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I understand.”

After taking his leave of Yan Di, Yan Zhaoge prepared to go see Sikong Qing.

While he had the full Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and supplying it to the sect all at once was not actually a problem, he still decided to be a little safer and stabler with this.

The version of the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture that Yan Zhaoge had supplied to Yan Di, Yuan Zhengfeng and the rest consisted of his own comprehensions from his own analysis of the complete scripture.

All this while, Yan Zhaoge had possessed tyrannical might in executing the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm whilst circulating the Cyclic Heavenly Seal in secret.

Even though his enemies had basically all perished to this palm, there had still been eyewitnesses.

For those who were unfamiliar with the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm, this might mean nothing. Still, for those who were familiar with it, as time passed, doubts would inevitably arise within their hearts.

Yan Zhaoge was currently really smoothening things out for himself. When the time came, he could explain that due to his remarkable talents in executing this martial art, he had actually managed to restore some of the essence of the original Cyclic Heavenly Scripture.

Corroborating this with the incomplete Cyclic Heavenly Scripture as it was gradually restored, it would be completely seamless then.

As Yan Zhaoge walked, he saw two people up ahead who were currently staring at each other.

Looking carefully, one of them was Xiao Ai while the other was a youth with an honest expression and a simple gaze.

While this youth was not short, the childishness on his face had still yet to fade as from his gaze too emanated the pureness of a child.

Having originally been curiously appraising this youth, detecting Yan Zhaoge’s arrival, Xiao Ai instantly whooped, “Young Master!”

That youth’s reaction seemed a beat slower. He soon turned to look at Yan Zhaoge, a smile also surfacing on his face as he recognised him as he was even happier than Xiao Ai, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan!”

It was none other than Ying Longtu.

Time flowed more quickly in the Vast Ocean World than in the World beyond Worlds. Having resided there for quite some time, Ying Longtu had already grown to be of age now.

Still, whether it was due to the relative slowness of his mental development or his current young age, despite having already attained a strong cultivation base, Ying Longtu’s appearance had been changing less and less in recent years as he seemed to be gradually ceasing his growth with his now still youthful looks.

While he had still yet to reach the age of twenty, from his external appearance, he currently seemed a little younger than his actual age.

Ying Longtu himself did not really seem to notice this, not minding it at all. Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Xu Fei and the others did not force him on this matter as well.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge, following that outpouring of joy, Ying Longtu suddenly clapped his head, “Senior apprentice-brother Yan, a month ago, I encountered a person who gave me something, asking me to deliver it to you.”

Hang Long’er paused momentarily before he elaborated, “That person emphasised that it must definitely reach your own hands.”

Yan Zhaoge was rather taken aback, “Really? What is it?”

Han Long’er handed him a jade talisman.

Looking at the jade talisman, Yan Zhaoge’s heart jolted slightly.

He was not unfamiliar with this.

This sort of jade talisman was specifically used to record and store martial arts.