Chapter 875: Yan Zhaoge Sees Divinity, Starfire Illuminating The Sky!

HSSB875: Yan Zhaoge sees Divinity, starfire illuminating the sky!

The Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation which was directed by Yan Di was much more powerful than the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation which had been directed by the Northern Ocean Clone.

Even circulating the Heaven Earth Divination Formation, Daoist Shi was unable to dispel it within a short period of time.

Boosted by the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, Yan Di’s momentum surged once more.

Daoist Shi frowned, completely expanding the Heaven Earth Divination Formation in splitting space.

King Xuancheng and the others were located in different spaces as they fought against those of Broad Creed Mountain who were bolstered by the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation.

Both these great formations served their various uses as both sides launched attack after attack against each other, the heavens and earth shaking as a result.

Meanwhile, Yan Di attacked, each sabre faster than the previous as he domineeringly swept through the surrounding area.

While he was unable to leave the formation as he guarded Broad Creed Mountain, guided by Yan Zhaoge, his sabre-light unceasingly attacked towards the Grand Unity position of the Heaven Earth Divination Formation.

Daoist Shi now controlled the Cyclone Turtle in personally acting, occupying the Grand Unity position and obstructing Yan Di’s sabre, ensuring the circulation of the Heaven Earth Divination Formation.

However, with his cultivation base, even as he was protected by the Cyclone Turtle, he was still hard pressed to stand against Yan Di’s sabres.

It was only with Yan Di not exiting Broad Creed Mountain that Daoist Shi was able to barely hold on.

Seeing this, a solemn look finally appeared in Guan Lide’s eyes.

Gazing down upon Broad Creed Mountain, he said slowly, “Able to possess such strength at such a cultivation level, it truly is rare indeed. What a heaven-defying genius.”

“Admiring your talents, I would not like to push you to the brink. I am asking you for the last time. The Immortal Artifact-will you or will you not hand it over?”

Gazing at Guan Lide, Yan Di said in an indifferent tone, “Do your worst. Why speak unnecessary things?”

Guan Lide looked coldly at Yan Di, “It was only because I admire talent that I offered you this. However, you yourself are courting death. Someone like you indeed cannot be left for long. Otherwise, you are sure to become a major threat in the future.”

The light of countless stars agglomerated above his head, a crown of bright starlight appearing!

Instantly, the actual stars of the sky up above began to dim.

Between the heavens and earth, Guan Lide was like the hegemon of stars as he presided over Broad Creed Mountain.

An expert of the ninth level of the Martial Saint realm wielding a high-grade Sacred Artifact!

Having attained this level, martial practitioners and high-grade Sacred Artifacts would gradually become able to boost one another’s strengths as they vaguely surpassed their earlier limits.

Yan Di was ever dauntless as his sabre-light surged, rampantly facing off against Guan Lide with the help of the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation.

In the meantime, however, Daoist Shi, King Xuancheng and those other Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners were already attacking simultaneously as well.

Daoist Shi was extremely skilled in formations at the end of the day. While he was unable to quickly dispel the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, he was still able to majorly disrupt its circulation.

The attacks of the other Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners descended towards Broad Creed Mountain, enveloping the heavens and covering the earth.

At this moment, Broad Creed Mountain resembled a sole vessel atop a turbulent sea as it rocked.

Still, even so, everyone appeared composed though they would frequently glance towards Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone.

Guan Lide had come for the Dim Radiant Wheel as he was currently engaged in a heaven-roiling, earth-overturning battle here.

In truth, however, Yan Zhaoge and the Dim Radiant Wheel were not at Broad Creed Mountain in the first place.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty was aware of this as Shen Lingzi and Kang Ping had headed to the south of the Royal Reed Sea together to capture Yan Zhaoge.

Guan Lide, however, was unaware of this. He thought that Yan Zhaoge had not appeared since he was at the third level of the Martial Saint realm and would not be of much help in this situation.

Sensing the gazes of his fellow disciples, the Northern Ocean Clone smiled.

…

In the south of the Royal Reed Sea, the Phoenix Bearing Region.

Immediately after those abnormalities with the wound of the sky here had occurred, the person of the Grand Xuan Dynasty who was in charge of guarding over this area, Lord Protector Zheng of the four Lord Protectors, had quickly hurried over.

While hurrying over to where the wound of the sky was located, he had also dispatched someone to notify Shen Lingzi, King Xuancheng and Daoist Shi who had been about to launch an attack on Broad Creed Mountain in the Spirit Inheritance Region.

When he arrived at the wound of the sky, he saw that the pillar of light there which shot up into the skies above had actually still yet to dissipate.

The cracks between the heavens and earth there had still yet to heal as they were still distorted. Still, they were much less blurry and indistinct than before.

A figure stood between the heavens and the earth, basking within the pillar of light.

It was a youth in white clothes and a black-bordered blue robe.

Before the youth was placed a massive three-legged pill furnace that was completely purplish-gold in colour.

Attached to the pill furnace up above was another, smaller black furnace.

The two furnaces both had their lids open, their mouths facing each other. Attached to each other like this, they seemed exceptionally strange.

Lord Protector Zheng really could not have been any more familiar with that youth’s appearance.

Currently, no one in the entire Royal Reed Sea did not know of him, did not know of his exploits!

Broad Creed Mountain’s Yan Zhaoge!

“He was in the Vast Ocean World before this?!” Lord Protector Zheng’s heart sunk, “There, he broke through space to see true Divinity and accomplished the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Seeing Divinity stage, as he has now ascended to the World beyond Worlds?”

While he himself was a late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint, Lord Protector Zheng was currently totally unable to relax.

Yan Zhaoge’s magnificent battle exploits aside, when his father Yan Di had ascended that year, he had slain King Xuanmu of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, accomplishing his fame in that single battle.

While King Xuanmu had already been injured back then, Yan Di’s strength just could not be denied.

Being someone whose strength was inferior to King Xuanmu’s at the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, it was no wonder that Lord Protector Zheng did not feel confident.

He decided to spy on Yan Zhaoge from far away, locking down his position as he left him for the likes of Shen Lingzi and King Xuancheng to deal with.

Just as Lord Protector Zheng was thinking about this, he saw radiance flicker within the acupoints of Yan Zhaoge’s entire body, the light of fire actually vaguely leaping about within that radiance!

It was as though patches of starry sky had begun to blaze.

Lord Protector Zheng was rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied, “Lighting up starfire? This is the hallmark of early Seeing Divinity Martial Saints progressing towards the mid Seeing Divinity stage. But didn’t this Yan Zhaoge only just attain the early Seeing Divinity stage and ascend?”

How was it possible for someone who had only refined a single acupoint to achieve Divinity to light up starfire?

This was unless this person had simultaneously or consecutively refined numerous acupoints within an extremely short amount of time, shooting straight into the peak of the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, in which case it would be possible.

In that case, he would hence be able to attempt surpassing that bottleneck, advancing into an even higher cultivation level!

“Lighting up starfire should be something that only occurs within the body of a martial practitioner himself. Outsiders should not be able to see this. Having caused such a major disturbance with his lighting of starfire, just how abundant and overflowing must his strength be?”

Not having battled, not having interacted, just watching on from far away, Lord Protector Zheng felt an all-pervasive chill shooting from the bottom of his feet to the top of his head, instantly enveloping his entire body as he felt like an ice sculpture.

Martial practitioners definitely were not to be interrupted when achieving their breakthroughs. This should be the best time for him to launch a sneak attack on Yan Zhaoge.

Seeing the scene before him, however, Lord Protector Zheng actually dared not make any reckless moves.

Events proved that his decision had indeed been the correct one. Yet, even that was meaningless.

It was virtually instantly that Yan Zhaoge broke through a barrier countless martial practitioners could only gaze distantly at, attaining the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Seeing Divinity stage!

The starlight around his body and the illusory flames were both retracted simultaneously.

Apart from how abnormal it was that he was currently standing atop the air, Yan Zhaoge currently resembled an ordinary person who had never cultivated in martial arts before.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, his gaze turning as it accurately fell upon Lord Protector Zheng in the distance.

Lord Protector Zheng’s heart beat frantically as he could only feel that a great disaster was about to befall him.

He immediately realised that it would be impossible for him to succeed in keeping an eye on Yan Zhaoge as that would instead spell his death.

Without any hesitation whatsoever, Lord Protector Zheng turned and fled.

Yan Zhaoge did not move a single step as he instead first kept those two connected furnaces neither hurriedly nor slowly.

Then, he smiled, striding forth.

The next instant, he was already directly behind Lord Protector Zheng!