Chapter 885: The New Hegemon Of The Royal Reed Sea

HSSB885: The new hegemon of the Royal Reed Sea

The peak experts Guan Lide, Shen Lingzi, King Xuancheng and Kang Ping had successively been slain in battle.

While the Grand Xuan Dynasty still had the likes of Daoist Shi, He Dongcheng and Gu Zhang to lead them, the result of this battle was already set in stone.

The combined forces of Daoist Shi, He Dongcheng and Gu Zhang would once have been sufficient to sweep through any power of the Royal Reed Sea.

With Daoist Shi’s attainments in formations, even if the number one defensive location of the Royal Reed Sea, Copper Men Island, had still been intact, they would still have been hard pressed to resist the iron-like assault of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Yet, the loss of the Grand Xuan Dynasty beneath Broad Creed Mountain was already determined.

Even though Yan Zhaoge’s real body had temporarily retreated from battle due to his exertions from earlier, the other experts of Broad Creed Mountain with Yan Di at their head were already sufficient to sweep through the enemies before them.

Daoist Shi and He Dongcheng were even injured as it would be hard for them even to flee.

At this crucial juncture, they attempted to assist Gu Zhang in escaping.

Gu Zhang similarly cultivated in the Time Flowing Sword as his sword-light was extremely fast.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone wielded the King Xuan Spear at a speed that was no inferior to him at all, engaging him in battle and preventing him from fleeing.

Yan Di swept domineeringly through the battlefield, countless souls reaped by his sabre.

Yan Zhaoge’s words that no one who had come to invade Broad Creed Mountain should even think about running was fulfilled right there and then.

When everything was settled, the heavens and earth in the vicinity of the Spirit Inheritance Region finally began to regain its calm.

Still, the whole place had already long since become a chaotic mess.

The spiritual qi of the dimensional space within the World beyond Worlds far surpassed that of lower worlds like the Eight Extremities World and the Vast Ocean World in terms of stability.

Power that would be sufficient to destroy the Eight Extremities World might only stir up some tides here.

Yet, numerous experts had been involved today in a heaven-shaking, earth-overturning battle here.

When the others of the Royal Reed Sea felt that the waves in the battlefield of the Spirit Inheritance Region had finally subsided and they dared to approach the area to observe the situation, the scenes that appeared before their eyes resembled the end of the world.

The seawater roiled, forming numerous whirlpools which occupied the surface of the sea as turbid waves surged to the heavens.

The reefs at the bottom of the sea had almost all shattered, crimson light filling the depths of the sea which flickered as it flowed unceasingly, spurting up like geysers to transform into flames.

Numerous spatial crevices could be seen in the sky. While they were currently all distorted as they gradually healed, they still made for a shocking sight.

Looking at the scene before him, the Chief of the Dim Darkness Sect Zhou Haosheng sucked in a breath of cold air, “Things here just now were even more terrifying than the Endless Magnetic Storms of the Clear Scenic Region at their fiercest. For those with insufficient cultivation bases, if they entered the boundary encompassed by the fighting even by the least bit, they would have immediately perished.”

Beside him stood Pavilion Lord Gu Hong of the North Sea Sword Pavilion, “It is difficult to imagine how Broad Creed Mountain was able to make it through this without any external assistance.”

Zhou Haosheng was silent for a moment, “…do you mean that it’s really the Immortal Artifact left behind by the Emperor?”

“I do not know,” Gu Hong said, “Logically speaking, there should not be anyone in Broad Creed Mountain who is able to wield Immortal Artifacts. Still, if they could be measured by usual standards, they would not be Broad Creed Mountain, would not be the Solar Luminary Young Master.”

While Yan Zhaoge did not think very highly of the title of Solar Luminary Young Master, it was still widespread within the Royal Reed Sea and the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

It was just that before this, most of those who had called him this were those with lower cultivation bases and weaker backgrounds.

Now, however, even Gu Hong referred to Yan Zhaoge using this title.

And as Zhou Haosheng heard it, he did not find it any inappropriate at all as he instead felt this to be very natural.

While the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Dim Darkness Sect had both already fallen, Gu Hong and Zhou Haosheng were both still received normally at Broad Creed Mountain.

After having heard about the details upon arriving at Broad Creed Mountain, the two felt even more shocked.

They had originally thought that Broad Creed Mountain had merely survived the attack by the Grand Xuan Dynasty, remaining fully intact.

Only now did they know that not only had Broad Creed Mountain survived this tribulation, they had even completely trampled on the tribulation itself underfoot!

He Dongcheng of the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Immortal Bridge stage.

Gu Zhang of the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Immortal Bridge stage.

Kang Ping of the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Immortal Bridge stage, bearing the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword.

Daoist Shi of the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Immortal Bridge stage, one of the peak formation grandmasters in this world.

King Xuancheng of the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Immortal Bridge stage, bearing the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Five Fires Seven Fowl Armour.

There was also Shen Lingzi who was a nightmare-like existence to Gu Hong and Zhou Haosheng, having once single-handedly decimated the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Dim Darkness Sect.

Other than that, surpassing their expectations, there was even one of the strongest experts of the entire southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide of the ninth level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Immortal Bridge stage.

Faced with such a powerful lineup, in the entire southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, how many powers aside from Golden Court Mountain would be able to withstand it?

Yet, all these experts had died at the foot of Broad Creed Mountain, slain by Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and the rest!

Those who had come to invade Broad Creed Mountain had all been decimated without exception!

The peak experts of the Grand Xuan Dynasty in the Royal Reed Sea had all been cleaned up in one fell swoop. So long as Broad Creed Mountain was willing, they could just head to the capital of the Grand Xuan Dynasty in a bit and casually destroy them for good.

As Gu Hong and Zhou Haosheng realised this, they were rendered dazed for a time.

They had previously been saved by Lin Hanhua who was currently battling experts of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

The two of them had originally still felt worried about what they should do if Broad Creed Mountain fell.

What they saw now, however, was totally different from what they had expected.

It might instead be said that this was a tribulation that Broad Creed Mountain had brought to Guan Lide and the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Regaining their wits, Gu Hong and Zhou Haosheng who had once also been considered peak bigwigs and acclaimed heroes of a region exchanged wry smiles.

Their sects would probably have to look at how Broad Creed Mountain felt for them to regain their former footing in the Royal Reed Sea now.

It was…the new hegemon of the Royal Reed Sea.

A hegemon even more powerful and mighty than the former Grand Xuan Dynasty!

In recent years, many changes had come to the Royal Reed Sea as things were always happening.

Now, however, the heavens had truly changed for good just like when the Grand Xuan Dynasty had been founded in the past.

It was just that as compared to the Grand Xuan Dynasty crossing the seas as a ferocious dragon that year, the current rise of Broad Creed Mountain of a lower world to preside over the four seas within a short few years was even more shocking.

It was more of admiration that Gu Hong was feeling.

His North Sea Sword Pavilion had always been on good terms with Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain, and Broad Creed Mountain was evidently also not as domineering as the Grand Xuan Dynasty. There should not be a problem for the resurgence of his sect.

Zhou Haosheng, on the other hand, was inevitably feeling rather awkward.

He could not help but suspect that it was because of the Dim Radiant Wheel that Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain had won so overwhelmingly.

However, he could only suppress these suspicions deep within his heart now as he dared not think too much about it.

Instead, he felt greatly emotional as he learnt of how the Radiant Light Sect had been destroyed for good with Luo Zhiyuan having been personally slain by Yan Zhaoge. The Radiant Light Sect had been his enemy for many long years, after all.

With his longtime enemy whom he had fought against all his life having perished just like that, Zhou Haosheng’s feelings on it were complicated indeed.

There was joy, excitement, a sense of loss, and even just that tiny tinge of sorrow.

However, he could only put a stop to such thoughts now and focus on mending his relationship with Broad Creed Mountain.

As the dust settled after this battle, news of what had happened spread throughout the Royal Reed Sea and to the rest of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. Everyone fell into incredulity at this.

Many mid and small scale powers of the Royal Reed Sea travelled to the Spirit Inheritance Region to pay respects to their new hegemon.

As for elsewhere in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, such as in the Sun Setting Archipelago, the Jade Sun Mountain Range and elsewhere, they were all paying attention to this powerful, newly arisen neighbour of theirs.

Broad Creed Mountain, East Peak of Daoism.

At this moment, listening to this name once more, most people suddenly felt rather differently from how they had before.