Chapter 881: Sweeping Through His Enemies!

HSSB881: Sweeping through his enemies!

Having battled intensely with Yan Zhaoge for quite some time, Shen Lingzi believed that he already possessed sufficient understanding of his methods.

He knew that Yan Zhaoge was proficient in the Immortal Trapping Sword and very possibly even the Immortal Ending Sword too.

He discovered that Yan Zhaoge seemed to have cultivated in the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear direct lineage, even revealing traces of the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture in his attacks.

He noticed that while Yan Zhaoge was unable to fully exert the power of the Extreme Yang Seal, that supreme treasure, he wielded it with relative ease as it very much looked like he had really acquired the direct legacy of the Exalted Solar Luminary.

He even knew that there must be something special about the Myriad Dragon Palace. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for it to collect and suppress a high-grade Sacred Artifact like the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword so easily.

This was the case even when the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword had virtually turned into an ownerless treasure after having been beaten out of Kang Ping’s hand.

Therefore, aside from staying wary of the dark green bamboo branch and the Extreme Yang Seal, he had also been wary of the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Shen Lingzi had even been keeping an eye out for that Immortal Artifact which the Dim Radiant Emperor was said to have left behind in case Yan Zhaoge was able to control it.

While he felt that that should be completely impossible, Yan Zhaoge had already done too many impossible things as one would be foolish not to be cautious.

However, never had he thought that all of this had actually been a buildup by Yan Zhaoge for this one moment.

Having battled all the way from the southern to the western seas, all their techniques should have been executed already as it even felt like they had even gotten used to these exchanges somewhat.

As they clashed with their swords, both sides were aware what move the other party would be using to counter their own.

While Shen Lingzi had been totally overwhelmed by Yan Zhaoge throughout the course of the battle, he had felt confident that he would be able to successfully rally alongside Daoist Shi and the others.

Yet, right after he had arrived at the Spirit Inheritance Region and seen Guan Lide, Daoist Shi and King Xuancheng, at that instant at which he had felt that hope of turning the tables truly existed…

Yan Zhaoge suddenly unleashed his killing move!

This blow directly sent Shen Lingzi beyond the deepest abyss, never again to recover!

He was first struck by a fist which secretly contained the profundities of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture which had broken through his protective-sword light and wounded him on the chest.

At the exact same position, he had next been struck by a Grand Shattering Brightness Fist which had directly opened up a huge hole in his chest, penetrating straight through his body!

The flesh, blood, bones and internal organs in Shen Lingzi’s chest had been reduced to smithereens!

While Shen Lingzi of the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm did not cultivate in martial arts like the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Longevity Martial Scripture, he possessed extremely powerful life force.

Even with such grave injuries, he did not immediately perish.

However, the shadow of death already hung over his heart.

He gazed at Broad Creed Mountain in the distance. Despite having been unsuccessful in bringing it down the last time he had come, never in his wildest dreams would he have thought that this might be his final resting place.

Shen Lingzi gazed at Yan Zhaoge with some difficulty, finding it hard to believe that he would actually meet his downfall at the hands of a fifth level Martial Saint one day.

However, after landing his punch, Yan Zhaoge immediately retracted his palm, not even looking at the outcome as he directly shot towards Broad Creed Mountain!

Shen Lingzi stared wide-eyed at him.

Those of the Grand Xuan Dynasty all watched on in utter shock and disbelief, their side’s greatest expert Shen Lingzi having been gravely wounded by someone of the junior generation of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Before their very eyes, he had fallen into utter ruin as it seemed like his life could no longer be kept!

Although they had already witnessed Yan Di’s abilities, everyone was still completely stunned now.

And at this one instant, Yan Zhaoge directly forsook the heavily injured Shen Lingzi, shooting over murderously towards King Xuancheng like a sudden, howling gale!

Because the scene before his eyes was really too unexpected, King Xuancheng too had ended up momentarily dazed by it.

However, he immediately regained his wits. He had just been about to go to Shen Lingzi’s aid, not having thought that Yan Zhaoge might actually switch his target directly over to him.

Yan Zhaoge had chosen to deal Shen Lingzi the final, decisive blow here to make him let down his guard prior to this on one hand and to shock the others of the Grand Xuan Dynasty on the other.

The likes of Daoist Shi and King Xuancheng were all longtime veterans of countless battles as they would be able to instantly recover even from something as shocking as this.

However, for Yan Zhaoge, just this one instant was already enough!

The Extreme Yang Seal descended with the momentum of collapsing the heavens as it slammed down towards King Xuancheng’s head.

While King Xuancheng’s mid-grade Sacred Artifact spear had been cleaved into two by Yan Di’s sabre, this had had a limited effect on him.

He promptly substituted spear with fist, executing his martial arts to block the mighty blow of the Extreme Yang Seal.

At the same time, however, Yan Zhaoge raised his bamboo cane up high, rising upwards in an arc.

Then, he turned the bamboo cane full circle and brought it straight down upon King Xuancheng!

Seeing the bamboo cane, King Xuancheng seemed to have recalled something. Still, he had no time to hesitate as he immediately stimulated the Five Fires Seven Fowl Armour on his body to defend himself.

Yet, as the bamboo cane of seven feet descended, the all-encompassing flames were instantly extinguished.

The silhouettes of the seven fowl broke apart all at once.

The radiance of the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Five Fires Seven Fowl Spear, instantly dimmed.

Yan Zhaoge capitalised unforgivingly on his momentum as he brought the dark green bamboo cane down upon King Xuancheng in an endless, relentless combo.

At the same time, he executed the Cyclic Heavenly Seal with his left hand to bolster the power of the Extreme Yang Seal, its domineering momentum now becoming even fiercer.

A short moment later, King Xuancheng understood why Shen Lingzi had been so helpless against Yan Zhaoge.

As he counterattacked, Yan Zhaoge dissipated a portion of his power with the Extreme Yang Seal before lightly tapping out with the Yin Yang Finger.

King Xuancheng’s attack instantly changed direction, instead helping Yan Zhaoge to block Daoist Shi’s attack.

Beaten by the dark green bamboo branch, flames dimmed and radiance was extinguished on the Five Fires Seven Fowl Armour as it virtually seemed about to fall apart on its own.

Yan Zhaoge’s Extreme Yang Seal struck out once more, nearly slamming King Xuancheng out of the air.

Seeing this, the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide was greatly shocked, “He…is that Yan Zhaoge?!”

King Xuancheng aside, while Shen Lingzi was an eighth level Martial Saint, he had sufficient strength to challenge Guan Lide of the ninth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge had pushed him to the very brink of death. How could Guan Lide not be shocked at that?

The dark green bamboo cane in Yan Zhaoge’s hand caused Guan Lide’s eyelids to twitch, “What exactly is that strange thing? The Immortal Artifact left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor? It doesn’t look like it!”

Atop Broad Creed Mountain, everyone exchanged smiles before simultaneously roaring to the heavens.

The Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation that was controlled by Yan Di directly rose into the air, switching from defence to attack!

Bolstered by the grand formation, Yan Di’s sabre-qi possessed a momentum that seemed able to topple mountains and overturn seas as it hacked ceaselessly towards Guan Lide.

Meanwhile, Yan Zhaoge now forsook King Xuancheng, gazing in the direction of Daoist Shi.

Just having rescued the heavily wounded Shen Lingzi, feeling Yan Zhaoge’s gaze sweep across him now, Daoist Shi instantly felt a chill rise up his spine.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “You are Daoist Shi? Your attainments in formations are outstanding indeed.”

With that, he executed the Immortal Trapping Sword, red light arising all round!

This sword cleaved through not just time but space as well!

The Heaven Earth Divination Formation was a wondrous, intricate formation that shifted space.

Still, it was also precisely because of this that the Immortal Trapping Sword was better equipped to deal with it.

Even for someone who was versed in the Immortal Trapping Sword, it would not be easy for them to take down the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation and the Heaven Earth Divination Formation if they were not proficient in formations themselves.

However, this problem did not exist for Yan Zhaoge!

His real body was here now, possessing attainments in formations no inferior at all to Daoist Shi’s!

Continuously occupying the Grand Unity position, Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal Trapping Sword hacked through space with the Heaven Earth Divination Formation before him instantly seemingly like it might collapse at any moment.

Daoist Shi was greatly shocked, “Immortal Trapping Sword?! You…”

Laughing loudly, Yan Zhaoge had already arrived near him.

With a single sword, he first put an end to Shen Lingzi who was heavily injured and on the brink of death, helpless as he could only accept his fate!

Shen Lingzi’s eyes seemed on the brink of imploding as his head was separated from his body, flying straight into the horizon!