Chapter 894: The Marriage Plan

HSSB894: The marriage plan

Yan Di made arrangements for the sect’s affairs while Yan Zhaoge went to meet Feng Yunsheng.

Following these years of cultivation, Feng Yunsheng was already close to the Martial Saint realm now.

If not for the fact that Fu Enshu too possessed remarkable talent and had also not wasted her time these past few years, Feng Yunsheng would probably already have surpassed her.

Even so, Fu Enshu had already long since felt her disciple’s footsteps gradually approaching from behind her.

In having successfully surpassed that bottleneck which had stymied countless people in the Eight Extremities World, stepping into the Transcending Mortality stage, a source of motivation for Fu Enshu had been the pressure from Feng Yunsheng’s cultivation progress.

Fu Enshu would surely be very happy seeing her disciple surpass her to become a pillar of their sect.

Still, this would also be a very hurtful thing for the usually headstrong, stubborn her.

Fu Enshu would certainly not try to suppress Feng Yunsheng. She would only unceasingly exert more pressure on herself, working harder and harder.

She had been a renowned cultivating maniac of Broad Creed Mountain in the first place, having ultimately reached where she was today through her own efforts.

Yan Zhaoge could not help but feel emotional at how successful people all shared some commonalities at the end of the day even with their own areas that they specialised in.

For example, a considerable portion of the successful were proficient in turning pressure into motivation, bearing what most would be unable to bear and correspondingly achieving what most would be unable to achieve.

Feng Yunsheng who was in front of him now was another example of this.

“For the bottleneck that you are facing this time, you will need to enter seclusion and painstakingly cultivate for a time, working on your accumulation,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Still, I believe that when I return from the Minor No Heaven dao arena, you should already have achieved completion and left seclusion.”

Seated cross-legged in the secluded room, Feng Yunsheng nodded at this, “This trial will not be easy. Still, I am confident that I will be able to succeed.”

“Participating in and collectively establishing the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, clashing with the likes of Shen Lingzi and Guan Lide, I have benefited immensely from the experience.”

After all, the likes of Shen Lingzi and Guan Lide all had powerful cultivation bases which far exceeded the current Feng Yunsheng’s.

Under normal circumstances, let alone battle Immortal Bridge Martial Saints, Martial Grandmasters would be unable to even understand the principles manifested within as observers of the fighting.

Feng Yunsheng had borrowed the power of Sacred Artifacts and formations, participating in a battle which far exceeded what she should really be able to partake in considering her current cultivation base. This could be considered extremely abundant wealth.

In contrast to exchanging moves with Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, this was a true battle of life and death, the benefits from this being irreplaceable as it could not be replicated.

Following the battle, she had also had access to the guidance of the likes of Yan Di, Yan Zhaoge and Yuan Zhengfeng, allowing her to digest these gains.

Feng Yunsheng would be benefiting from this for a considerably long period of time even after she had ascended into the Martial Saint realm.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Since that is so, I wish you good luck. See you later then.”

Feng Yunsheng was silent for a time.

Yan Zhaoge asked curiously, “What is it?”

It was truly rare to see Feng Yunsheng as hesitant as this.

She exhaled slowly, looking up at Yan Zhaoge as she said softly, “If I successfully emerge from secluded cultivation this time a Martial Saint, I intend to go adventuring outside for some time.”

Hearing her words, Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned somewhat solemn, “Do you intend to go far?”

If it was only a short trip, the usually straightforward Feng Yunsheng would not be as hesitant as this.

At this point, Yan Zhaoge had already understood.

The adventuring that Feng Yunsheng spoke of was like the kind in which Sikong Qing had left for the distant ocean back in the Eight Extremities World previously.

The goal was not just to learn and experience more as it would primarily be to temper herself.

It would virtually be equivalent to completely leaving the protection of the sect and the powers behind her as she would rely on her own martial prowess to kill out a bloodied path.

It was fine in the World beyond Worlds. In a lower world, Feng Yunsheng would probably not use treasures like the Extreme Yin Crown and the Cold Sun Divine Sabre.

Feng Yunsheng said slowly, “Do you know, Zhaoge? In recent years, I have felt my sabre gradually beginning to grow blunt.”

“Although I never slack off in my cultivation and also faced powerful enemies in the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation before this, I still have such a feeling.”

“I am currently in the midst of becoming blunter, and increasingly so!”

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before saying, “I understand what you mean. You want to be like junior apprentice-sister Sikong that year.”

“I have no intention of hindering your decision. Still, our sect’s current status in the World beyond Worlds is incomparable to that in the Eight Extremities World in the past.”

Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “Back then, while we had powerful enemies like the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall in the Eight Extremities World, we ourselves were one of the six great Sacred Grounds too. Grand Master had also just Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood then as we were in an advantageous position.”

“We have only just stabilised our footing in the current World beyond Worlds, possessing limited influence. If you were to travel about outside, that would be much more dangerous than it was for junior apprentice-sister Sikong that year.”

Here, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “With how I have provoked quite a number of opponents, it would be even more dangerous for you, moving about alone outside.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled, “However dangerous it is, it would still not be more difficult than when I was fleeing alone from the Sacred Sun Clan that year.”

“Thinking back on it now, while those were the hardest days of my life, it was also a source of great wealth.”

Feng Yunsheng laughed in a self-deprecating manner, “I feel like I have actually continually been depleting the foundation that I got from those two years, and this will surely run out someday.”

Hearing her words, Yan Zhaoge fell into deep thought.

Feng Yunsheng sighed, “Cultivating safely and normally is not for me. Battles of life and death in which my limits are seen are the best whetstones for me to temper myself with.”

Yan Zhaoge reached out and lightly flicked her forehead, “Why do I feel that you are more suited to cultivating in devilish martial arts?”

“I will not harm innocent lives just for the sake of cultivating in martial arts,” Feng Yunsheng smiled.

Yan Zhaoge was silent for a time before he said, “I will not stop you if you wish to go.”

He too was a straightforward person in truth. Still, if Feng Yunsheng were really to leave, fortune or calamity would be hard to predict as it would be unknown when they might meet again.

This was even optimistic thinking already. If he were to think pessimistically…

“I was not so wishy-washy with junior apprentice-sister Sikong that year,” Yan Zhaoge too smiled rather self-derisively.

Then, he looked earnestly at Feng Yunsheng, “I can tell that you have given this a lot of thought. Since that is so, make all necessary preparations and keep the utmost caution.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows, smiling, “There is no need for us to be so overemotional. If you leave seclusion and I am still not back then, you don’t have to wait for me. Just set off at your own pace.”

“I look forward to seeing you return with your blade even sharper. Let me see what a good sabre you have tempered then.”

Despite being reluctant to part with Yan Zhaoge as well, on hearing his words, Feng Yunsheng laughed magnanimously, “Coming back to see you is one of my greatest sources of motivation.”

Yan Zhaoge’s smile suddenly became rather rascally, “When you’re back, it should be high time we got officially married? At that time, your bones should already have become rather more sturdy…”

Feng Yunsheng instantly knew not whether to laugh or to cry, “You’re going straight for the lower half? And I only just raised my spirits. Look, with that, you’ve gotten my motivation all low again.”

Yan Zhaoge said righteously, “I already had it all planned out in the first place. I was going to choose a date when you left seclusion this time!”

Her hands on her waist, Feng Yunsheng shot an exasperated glance at him and said hatefully, “Fine!”

She suddenly reached out and pressed down on Yan Zhaoge’s head from both sides, leaving him unable to evade as she directly came over and kissed him.

Yan Zhaoge opened his mouth, but could not say anything.

Feng Yunsheng stepped back, biting her lips as she smiled, “When I’m back, we’ll do as you say!”