Chapter 893: The Problematic Immortal Artifact

HSSB893: The problematic Immortal Artifact

When Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di had been in secluded cultivation, Shen Lingzi had come to attack Broad Creed Mountain for the first time. In the ensuing battle, they had managed to successfully repel him.

In the major battle that had just ended, the experts of the Grand Xuan Dynasty had all attacked. In the end, however, they had been completely wiped out.

The power exhibited by Broad Creed Mountain far exceeded everyone’s expectations.

Here, besides the Extreme Yang Seal, the Extreme Yin Crown was again verified while there had also arisen rumours of the Immortal Artifact left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor.

It was only to be expected that Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain had gradually entered the sights of the more powerful entities of the World beyond Worlds.

Through Mu Jun and others of Golden Court Mountain, Yan Zhaoge had already long since learnt that in contrast to the Ten Exalts who usually guarded over the centre and eight directions of the World beyond Worlds, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors actually spent most of their time outside the World beyond Worlds.

He had not understood the reason for this previously. Still, having learnt about the existence of Buddhism, there already seemed to be an answer to this?

Still, whatever the case was with the others, it was very normal that Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain had entered the sights of the Brocade Emperor.

First not mentioning how outstanding Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were, with the matter of the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace and then the Extreme Yang Seal, Extreme Yin Crown and Dim Radiant Wheel, it would instead be difficult for the Brocade Emperor to not take notice of them.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Does this Yan need to bring anything along?”

Fu Ting replied, “My father did not mention this. He simply invited you as guests.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, she directly asked, “I apologise for my bluntness, but could I ask Young Master Yan if the Dim Radiant Emperor really left behind an Immortal Artifact that year?”

Yan Zhaoge lightly tapped the surface of the table beside him, answering candidly, “It is an embryonic Immortal Artifact that is still a long way away from full completion.”

“You need not worry about it, Young Master Yan. My Ingenious Flying Peak has no desire for this treasure. I spoke of this only as a reminder,” Fu Ting shook her head, “My father once said that the things left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor are all inauspicious, being calamity and not fortune.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “Oh? Your father, the Brocade Emperor, means that this thing left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor is related to the decline of the Dim Radiant Sect that year?”

Fu Ting said slowly, “My father only said that all those who know of what happened that year would not want that thing.”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned somewhat more solemn.

While there should not be many who knew the truth behind the tribulation suffered by the Dim Radiant Emperor and the Dim Radiant Sect that year, there should still be a number of them.

Those in the know would definitely be peak experts just like the Brocade Emperor was.

However, even they treated this matter as a deep taboo. From this, it could be seen that this incident had indeed been no simple matter.

The Dim Radiant Wheel now seemed somewhat more problematic than it had appeared before.

Fu Ting said, “As for how exactly to deal with this thing left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor, you should think about it yourself, Young Master Yan. Now that word of it is widespread, even though according to what my father said, those who know about what happened back then would not desire this thing, there will be many others who view it, an Immortal Artifact, as a priceless treasure.”

Yan Zhaoge pondered on it for a moment before smiling, “I must first thank Miss Fu for your reminder. Is it that even if I offer this treasure to the Southeastern Exalt, he will not accept it?”

Fu Ting said mildly, “My father said that Uncle Cao knows about what happened that year, thus having been so protective of the remnants of the Dim Radiant Sect over the years.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded. It seemed that it would really be unlikely for him to succeed in pushing the trouble over to the Southern Exalt or the Primordial Heaven Emperor.

Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories. It seemed like these peak figures of the World beyond Worlds were generally all aware of what had transpired back then.

Yan Zhaoge’s heart suddenly jolted, “Can Miss Fu tell me what exactly happened that year?”

Fu Ting shook her head, “I do not know. Father will only tell me the details when I have attained the cultivation level of Uncle Cao.”

Yan Zhaoge exchanged looks with Yan Di as neither spoke.

Xue Chuqing’s lineage had been close with the Dim Radiant Sect back then.

Perhaps their secrets were interconnected?

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips.

If that really was the case, he might as well just hold on to this problematic Dim Radiant Wheel.

He could get rid of the connection between him and the Dim Radiant Wheel, but was it possible for him to get rid of the connection between him and his mother, Xue Chuqing?

That was clearly impossible.

Therefore, there was no need to worry when one had accrued many debts…

Fu Ting now looked at a youth beside her, “There is also something else. This senior apprentice-brother Jiang of mine is recently of the mind to reside in the Royal Reed Sea of this southeastern Yang Heaven Territory for a time to collect some materials, wanting to stay at your sect. He will be troubling you for a while. I wonder if your sect can make the required arrangements for him?”

Hearing her words, Yan Zhaoge smiled.

While she had said that he would be staying at Broad Creed Mountain and troubling them, it would actually be a form of protection for them.

Broad Creed Mountain had just experienced a great battle as things were currently also not too calm in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. It would be rather unsafe if both Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were to leave at this time.

Not long after returning to the Royal Reed Sea, Yuan Zhengfeng had entered secluded cultivation.

With the accumulation of all these years, he was only a half-step away from lighting up starlight and stepping into the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm.

After digesting his insights from this battle, he would be able to break through that final barrier.

Recently, Broad Creed Mountain had made great gains from the many major battles that it had fought. Now that it was the hegemon of the Royal Reed Sea and possessed abundant resources, there was no better time for them to digest these gains than now.

It was not just Yuan Zhengfeng. Quite a few others, Feng Yunsheng and Fang Zhun included, were of the mind to enter secluded cultivation as well.

Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone also had sufficient accumulation now.

While the southern Blazing Heaven Territory had been repelled and the Grand Xuan Dynasty destroyed, they were still far from achieving complete peace and stability.

Under such circumstances, a powerful figure was needed to guard over Broad Creed Mountain, be it Yan Di or Yan Zhaoge.

With Fu Ting having invited both of them to head to Minor No Hatred together, Broad Creed Mountain would inevitably be lacking in protection.

It was true that they were guests of the Brocade Emperor, but he too had opponents of the same level. While others might not dare to provoke the Brocade Emperor, the Heaven Emperor had no such considerations.

If Fu Ting’s fellow disciple were to remain in the Royal Reed Sea and stay at Broad Creed Mountain, things would be different then.

Under such circumstances, if something still cropped up with Broad Creed Mountain, that would be equivalent to having sowed death enmity with the Brocade Emperor.

Ingenious Flying Peak’s lineage was still very meticulous in doing things, being willing to think for Broad Creed Mountain rather than dispensing their will and giving orders from high up above.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both nodded.

“This Senior Brother Jiang, you can reside peacefully at our sect. If there is anything in the Royal Reed Sea that you need to find, our sect will assist you as necessary.”

“Since it is the Brocade Emperor’s invitation, we father and son will be intruding on your abode.”

Hearing their words, Fu Ting said, “No need to stand on ceremony.”

Yan Di said, “We can depart after this Yan make some arrangements regarding the sect’s matters.”

Fu Ting nodded, “This is only natural. Please go ahead, Chief Yan.”

With Yuan Zhengfeng in secluded cultivation and Yan Di away, Broad Creed Mountain’s load would fall on Fang Zhun.

If Fang Zhun was in secluded cultivation, there would be Fu Enshu to replace him.

Just recently, just a short while before Yan Zhaoge had left seclusion, Fu Enshu had finally surpassed that bottleneck, Transcending Mortality and entering Sainthood.

Thinking of how rare Martial Saints had been back in the Eight Extremities World, everyone of Broad Creed Mountain could not help but feel greatly emotional.

The ideal spiritual qi environment of the World beyond Worlds and Broad Creed Mountain’s current substantial accumulation of treasures as well as various supreme martial arts had collectively made this possible.

It would also be easier for genius-level figures to rise to prominence in such an ideal environment.

Fu Enshu aside, Xu Fei and Feng Yunsheng would soon be entering secluded cultivation too. They were already not far away from the Martial Saint realm.

The current foundation of Broad Creed Mountain in the World beyond Worlds was already growing stronger and stronger, flourishing in a manner that they would never have dared imagine back in the Eight Extremities World.