Chapter 897: The Missing Brocade Emperor

HSSB897: The missing Brocade Emperor

In the past, there had also been outstanding experts of the younger generation of whom word had spread into the Brocade Emperor’s ears. Out of curiosity, in an appreciation of talent, the Brocade Emperor would want to see for himself what kind of genius figures they were.

If he had a good impression of them, he might even give them a few pointers in the martial dao.

This time, however, Fu Ting could be certain that it was for official rather than personal matters that her father had instructed her to invite Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di over.

If Fu Ting were to guess the reason, perhaps this was related to the Extreme Yang Seal, Extreme Yin Crown and Dim Radiant Wheel?

Under such circumstances, since the Brocade Emperor had arranged for a meeting at the Minor No Hatred dao arena, there was no reason for him to have suddenly left.

While the Brocade Emperor was generally more carefree in his handling of matters, it was not to the extent that he would overlook guests whom he had personally invited.

Since he had urgent matters on hand, it would be very normal for him to ask his guests to wait a bit before he met them.

Still, having already vanished completely right upon their arrival at the Minor No Hatred dao arena, this could be considered abnormal.

Hearing that her father had left a letter for her, Fu Ting did not relax as a result.

The existence of a letter precisely indicated that the Brocade Emperor would not be returning within a short period of time.

She asked her fellow disciples to see to the guests before entering the depths of the palace.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di exchanged looks, detecting that things were rather abnormal.

“We’ll wait and see,” Yan Di said calmly.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, appearing very casual and at ease as he was not worried at all, instead starting to analyse the principles of the martial arts that he cultivated in.

Just having entered the world of the Minor No Hatred dao arena, he discovered that the qis of yin and yang there were completely separated as they were wholly distinct entities. Yet, they flowed endlessly on as they were connected seamlessly to each other.

It truly was the ideal land for those who cultivated in the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture or martial arts of the Grand Ultimate Manifestation, Taiji.

Perhaps the spiritual qi environment was more abundant and miraculous over at the World beyond Worlds’ Kunlun Mountain’s Ingenious Flying Peak. Yet, this dao arena was clearly better for disciples of the Brocade Emperor who cultivated in martial arts of Taiji.

Cultivating here, Yan Zhaoge felt as though some new variations could be born in the Taiji Yin Yang Palm that he used.

Glancing at Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di could not help but smile, “You sure know how to make good use of your time.”

He too entered the meditative position, inhaling and exhaling the qis of yin and yang as he further analysed the profundities of the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture.

On seeing their composed attitudes, the Ingenious Flying Peak disciples in charge of taking care of them could not help but click their tongues in wonder.

Still, this wait lasted for a very long time.

In terms of treatment of their guests, they already appeared to have been impolite.

While it would actually not truly be considered very arrogant for someone of the Brocade Emperor’s status to give such treatment to two martial practitioners who had yet to even ascend the Immortal Bridge, Yan Zhaoge felt that this Emperor had no reason to do so.

Even if it was for the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace as he was certain that it was in Yan Zhaoge’s possession, he could simply move openly. There would be no need at all for him to drop Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di here and forget all about them.

“Could something urgent have come up?” Yan Zhaoge’s first thought was that the Heaven Emperor and the Southern Exalt were up to something again.

He suppressed the various guesses within his mind, calming down as he continued to sit peacefully.

Yan Di’s voice now resounded by his ear, “Has something happened again in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory?”

Yan Di had guessed the same as well.

Yan Zhaoge answered, “This cannot be said for sure now. Logically speaking, I feel that it should not be the case.”

“The World beyond Worlds’ highest powers are the Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories. Still, unlike the Exalts who generally guard the World beyond Worlds, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors actually seem to spend comparatively less time here.”

“Even when they do remain here, most of their time is spent in secluded cultivation,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “In their remaining time, they are actually active in extradimensional space.”

The Great Calamity had caused the great thousand worlds of the universe to be disintegrated into countless worlds and infinite spaces.

With that, many unknown existences as well as vast, limitless reaches had been created.

Sufficient strength as well as a great deal of effort was required in order to investigate all this.

Other than that, the existence of the Buddhist worlds might also restrict the time and attention of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

Also, there was still the Nine Underworlds that could never ever be underestimated or overlooked.

Thus, the Earthly Sovereign included, the peak existences of the World beyond Worlds, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, often had to leave the World beyond Worlds.

A few years ago, the Brocade Emperor had been in extradimensional space.

He had only specifically hurried back recently to help out his old friend, the Southeastern Exalt.

Fortunately, he had managed to make it in time.

Since the Brocade Emperor was back, the Heaven Emperor and the Southern Exalt naturally had to lower their flags and cease the drumbeats of war.

Generally speaking, battles at the level of the Three Sovereigns, Five Emperors and Ten Exalts would not occur lightly.

It would be like what Yan Zhaoge had previously witnessed back then, where the Northeastern Exalt and Eastern Exalt had entered a standoff yet had not truly gone to blows.

Meanwhile, while the Southeastern Exalt and the Southern Exalt had indeed clashed, they would not enter a battle of life and death unless there was really no choice.

It had been many long years since a battle between Emperors had last occurred.

Upon the Brocade Emperor’s return from extradimensional space, the Heaven Emperor had simply retreated.

If the two of the them had really started battling, another Emperor or even one of the Three Sovereigns could have been alerted, coming out to mediate.

The Heaven Emperor had only suppressed the Southeastern Exalt with his aura beforehand, not having actually resorted to force.

Most of the time, conflicts amongst peak figures of the World beyond Worlds occurred behind the scenes, with both sides trying to win supporters before an agreement was finally reached between them, to be enforced tacitly.

The battles amongst the weaker martial practitioners were more intense but controllable while peak experts would seldom truly end up battling.

There were still powerful external enemies outside the World beyond Worlds.

Having suffered a great blow to its vitality during the Great Calamity, Daoism was gradually recovering as it finally seemed like it was thriving just as it had in the past.

The rulers of the current World beyond Worlds as led by the Earthly Sovereign all treasured this current state of affairs greatly.

Unless the Brocade Emperor left the World beyond Worlds again or the Heaven Emperor secured new, powerful reinforcements, the Heaven Emperor would not be acting again.

As Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were discussing matters, Fu Ting reappeared.

Seeing Fu Ting’s expression, while she seemed rather apologetic, she was not solemn or worrying.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were able to rest assured with this as they knew that things were not serious.

“My father has left due to some urgent matters and will be unable to return very quickly. Any slights were really unintentional. I must ask you two not to take any offense from this,” Fu Ting apologised.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both said that it was fine.

Fu Ting elaborated, “Father has not gone far from the World beyond Worlds this time. There will not be any problems over at the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory in the short term. You two have no need to worry about this.”

Yan Di nodded, “It is fine if we wait. Still, I wonder when the Brocade Emperor will be able to return?”

Fu Ting smiled wryly, “I too cannot be certain. I can only ask you two to stay here for a few days.”

“Of course, there is no problem if you want to leave. Still, I hope that you can wait a bit more for my father.”

Exchanging glances, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both nodded slightly, the latter saying, “No matter. The Brocade Emperor has probably been caught up in something urgent. As long as there are no major disturbances for our sect over at the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, it is fine even if we stay for a few days longer. It is just that we will be troubling you.”

Fu Ting smiled, “Chief Yan is too polite.”

With a disciple of Ingenious Myriad Peak temporarily residing at Broad Creed Mountain and Yan Zhaoge not present, even if people had designs on the Dim Radiant Wheel, it would not be easy for them to move lightly.

Having nothing else to do, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di simply stayed on in the Minor Ho Hatred dao arena for a while.

While they did not interact deeply here, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di gained a greater understanding of Grand Clear lineage martial arts from the conversations between Fu Ting and the other Ingenious Flying Peak martial practitioners.

It was just that they waited for a whole week yet were still unable to meet the Brocade Emperor.