Chapter 895: Enforcing The Agreement

HSSB895: Enforcing the agreement

After bidding Yan Zhaoge farewell, Feng Yunsheng entered secluded cultivation.

Meanwhile, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone too would not be moving alongside his real body as he would be remaining in the Mountain to cultivate.

Bar any unexpected circumstances, the Northern Ocean Clone would probably be making use of this chance to break through into the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Seeing Divinity stage.

Aside from the flesh and blood of the Cyclone Turtle, Yan Zhaoge had also discovered some blood of a Bifang Bird amongst Daoist Shi’s belongings.

Bifangs resembled pills and had long white beaks.

The crystallisation of flames, it was an inauspicious omen as it foretold the coming of a fiery disaster.

The bloodline of this devilish race had been collected by Daoist Shi for the setting up of formations.

However, having been obtained by Yan Zhaoge, it would now be refined into the Northern Ocean Clone’s body.

The Northern Ocean Clone was progressing stably along the path that Yan Zhaoge had planned for him.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di who was finished with the arrangements for the sect met up with Fu Ting and left Broad Creed Mountain.

As they journeyed, seeing that his son seemed rather out of sorts, Yan Di could not help but smile, “I have already learnt about junior apprentice-niece Feng’s matter. While it will be dangerous, this is precisely the will and spirit that a martial practitioner should have.”

Yan Zhaoge curled his lips. He naturally understood this principle. Otherwise, he would not have agreed with Feng Yunsheng’s intentions.

What he was feeling pained about was the fact that he seemed to have been assaulted by Feng Yunsheng earlier…

“Outrageous! Huh, you ran off fast!” Yan Zhaoge thought viciously, “The next time we meet, I definitely will get you back!”

Just as Yan Zhaoge was thinking about such things, the group arrived at their first stop, Golden Court Mountain.

The Brocade Emperor and the Southeastern Exalt were on rather good terms. Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain were similarly on friendly relations with the Southeastern Exalt.

With Fu Ting having arrived in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, it was necessary for her to go to Golden Court Mountain and meet the Southeastern Exalt.

Moreover, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting were both on good terms with the Shadow Mountain Sword King Lin Hanhua. Now that something had happened to him, they should pay him a visit.

Having sensed that this would happen some time back, Yan Zhaoge was feeling a bit emotional now.

Fu Ting’s mood was comparatively more complex.

Her relationship with Lin Hanhua was pretty good. Lin Hanhua whose cultivation base and age both exceeded hers by quite a bit had even given her guidance in the martial arts before.

It was that she had been unaware back then that Lin Hanhua was actually connected to the Prime Clear lineage.

When the news had just come, Fu Ting had not believed it. Only from the words of her father, the Brocade Emperor, had she learnt the truth.

Travelling in the lands of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, they could feel the atmosphere gradually becoming rather restless.

As time passed, more and more people in the southeast heard of this news as it gradually spread.

Most people held a doubtful attitude. Still, various iffy things were said, such as…

“If the Shadow Mountain Sword King is really a descendant of the Prime Clear lineage, might the Southeastern Exalt also be…”

“Was it that the Shadow Mountain Sword King deceived the Southeastern Exalt in concealing his identity within the World beyond Worlds or is it that Golden Court Mountain’s entire lineage is…”

“Even if there is nothing problematic about the Southeastern Exalt, the Shadow Mountain Sword King has been in the World beyond Worlds for so many years. Who knows what things he might have done?”

“I wonder if there are any other Prime Clear lineage descendants besides the Shadow Mountain Sword King…”

Various rumours spread. Some were obviously fabricated while others seemed a little believable.

To those who knew the truth of the situation, most of the fake news sounded totally like a joke.

However, for those who did not know the truth, there was quite a market for some fake news.

Still, on the whole, the authority and image of the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie and Lin Hanhua in the lands of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory was still very great. Most people expressed doubt and disbelief at this.

However, Yan Zhaoge could not really feel optimistic for Lin Hanhua.

According to Fu Ting, public opinion was very much against Lin Hanhua in places outside of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

When they did arrive at Golden Court Mountain and saw Lin Hanhua, he seemed extremely calm.

He was still that domineering sword cultivator whose existence resembled a sword in its sharpness.

His back was ramrod straight, eternally steadfast.

“When Master fell out with the Heaven Emperor then, we already knew that such a day would come,” Lin Hanhua said calmly, “Shen Lingzi’s strength and discernment were both not weak. I inadvertently revealed some things when saving Gu Hong and Zhou Haosheng from his hands.”

“Even if Shen Lingzi had dared not be certain of my identity and reported it back, that Emperor would still have been able to tell.”

Lin Hanhua said, “It would be impossible for him to try to grasp a weakness of my Golden Court Mountain with this.”

“Just as things started with me, they will also end with me.”

Lin Hanhua smiled, his sharpness turning much more moderate, “It is just that I will not be able to continue staying in the World beyond Worlds. It will be harder for us to meet again in the future.”

“I am intending to leave soon. In having come to visit today, Junior Sister Fu, you lot are just in time for farewells.”

Yan Zhaoge did not find this any unexpected.

With the Earthly Sovereign’s decree in existence, as soon as Lin Hanhua’s identity was exposed, his only path out would be leaving the World beyond Worlds on his own.

If he did not leave, the Heaven Emperor and the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen would be able to stir things up. They would be happy to see the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie trying to protect Lin Hanhua.

At that time, even the Southeastern Exalt would be in a precarious position.

The Brocade Emperor would be hard pressed to assist too.

With Lin Hanhua ‘fleeing in guilt’ of his own accord, while Cao Jie would have to suffer the blame of having been deceived by him, failing in his duties, the pressure on him would be much lower then.

While the Earthly Sovereign was pretending not to know this, allowing Cao Jie and Lin Hanhua to circumvent it, it was only because of Lin Hanhua’s unique identity that he had made an exception.

In truth, the Earthly Sovereign truly forbade descendants of the Prime Clear lineage from entering the World beyond Worlds.

Therefore, this was actually like an agreement.

Lin Hanhua’s identity could not be leaked. Once it was, he had to leave, or there would be no mercy.

Now that it had been leaked, Lin Hanhua had to enforce the agreement.

He himself took it very well, just that he felt somewhat apologetic towards Fu Ting, “I have kept this from Junior Sister Fu all these years. I am really sorry for that.”

Fu Ting shook her head, “Do not say this, Senior Brother Lin. I too have been taken care of by you all these years…”

Lin Hanhua sighed, “There are two things that I feel worst about.”

“Having spent much time together with my fellow disciples all these years, I have continually been keeping this from them. Now that we are going to be separated just like this, I feel like I have done them wrong.”

“Having been taken care of by Master for so many years, I still caused trouble for him at the end. I am unable to rest easy with this.”

Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and Fu Ting did not speak as they could all empathise with Lin Hanhua’s feelings.

Lin Hanhua’s sorrow only lasted for an instant as he quickly smiled, “Still, having been able to study martial arts under Master’s tutelage and get to know these fellow disciples as well as all of you, the years that I have spent in the World beyond Worlds have not been wasted.”

“While we will have to separate now, I still look forward to meeting all of you again.”

Yan Zhaoge and the others all cupped their hands towards him, “The Shadow Mountain Sword King is magnanimous. We all feel admiration.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Lin Hanhua laughed, “Truly a youth hero! You having slain Shen Lingzi, it is with much fewer things on my mind that I will be leaving now.”