Chapter 1302 - It’S A Pity You Don’T Know Who I Am

Chapter 1302: It’s a Pity You Don’t Know Who I am

After experiencing the changes happening in the World beyond Worlds, the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen’s expression turned serious again.

“The younger generations surprises me!” The old man let out a long sigh, “At least he isn’t a psychopath. He still cares for the wellbeing of the citizens.”

“There’s no flaw in the logic that ice and fire cannot coexist with each other. However, I can’t just sit by and watch you all separate the World beyond Worlds.”

He took a deep breath, and his physique seemed to have enlarged in an instant.

Then, a huge hammer appeared in Jiang Shen’s hand!

The surface of the jet-black eight-sided sledgehammer was radiating with an earthly yellow color radiance. It seemed to be extremely heavy.

It was the Tranquil Immortal Artifact that the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen had used to make his name in the World beyond Worlds in the past. The Earthly Eight-sided Hammer was equally as famous as the Astro Sovereign’s Broken Cold Saber and the Concealed Sovereign’s Heaven Enveloping Fan.

After Jiang Shen had become a Virtual Immortal, he wasn’t using it anymore. Now, it was finally used again.

The martial arts of the Qilin Cliff originated from Jiang Shen himself. Its style was more towards defense rather than offense.

Jiang Shen was aware of this as well. Using the Yin Yang Earth River Diagram he had discarded after ascending the Profound Immortal Realm, he had explicitly reinforced such a tough and ruthless attacking weapon when he was training for his Tranquil Immortal Artifact.

A pure weapon, filled with destructive attacking power!

With the hammer in Jiang Shen’s hand, his entire demeanor changed as he lifted the Earthly Eight-sided Hammer.

Previously, he seemed like an honest elder that resembled a scholar. Now, he looked like a domineering general charging at the front-lines and was conquering the world on a battlefield!

The Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei’s expression became even more serious.

He didn’t have a Tranquil level Immortal Artifact with him. In front of him, the enemy wasn’t like the Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu of the Prime Clear lineage.

Zhang Buxu also had a Tranquil level Immortal Artifact. However, it was damaged because of other reasons and needed to be healed and repaired. As a result, he didn’t bring it along with him to the Pill Hall.

Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen had already lifted his Earthly Eight-sided Hammer and was slamming it down on Yue Zhenbei’s head!

The ruthless and overbearing Immortal Artifact had already been fused together completely with Jiang Shen’s Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer supreme art. With the two assisting each other, its effects multiplied, making the attack even more shockingly and ruthless!

When the hammer was landing, it seemed to resemble his attack’s strength when he was still a Virtual Immortal.

Yue Zhenbei’s sword-lights expanded. Thin threads of lights fused with each other and slowly enlarged. It started flipping around under Jiang Shen’s hammer.

Although his enemy was strong, Yue Zhenbei’s expression didn’t hold any form of fear apart from his seriousness. He focused entirely on his sword martial art to deal with every hint of attacks his enemy executed. He was handling Jiang Shen’s ruthless and fierce attacks using a kiting technique [1].

There were different kinds of kiting techniques.

Yue Zhenbei did not focus solely on evading. Instead, as his figure floated around, he delivered one sword attack after another, using attacks to go against his enemy’s attacks.

Like the rain steadily corroding and wearing off an extremely tough boulder day and night, it quickens its weathering and decaying process.

While he was currently being oppressed, Yue Zhenbei was still able to hold his fort, and no hints of defeat were showing.

Jiang Shen’s gaze when looking at Yue Zhenbei was filled with pity.

In order to stop Yan Zhaoge from fusing the Pill Hall together with the World beyond Worlds, he started to attack with all his strength. The continuous waves of attacks were launched in order to knock Yue Zhenbei back forcefully.

Jiang Shen had no intentions of entangling here further with Yue Zhenbei, as there was no point to it. For him, stopping Yan Zhaoge was his utmost priority.

However, at this moment, a ray of golden light suddenly appeared by the white jade hall at the faraway void, and instantly reached in front of Jiang Shen!

Jiang Shen’s heart tightened, “The Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall is profound indeed. Even when it is conducting the ritual to separate the World beyond Worlds, it could still divert part of its power for self-protection.”

Feeling helpless, he could only use his hammer to block the golden light.

With that, Jiang Shen’s plan to circle around Yue Zhenbei wasn’t as easy anymore.

While he still held the upper hand, the Pill Hall shot a golden light ray whenever he attempted to turn his advantageous situation into his victory. It made him irritated, as he couldn’t pass through Yue Zhenbei at all.

Within the Pill Hall, in the core hub – the Purple Divine Pavilion, Yan Zhaoge’s expression was calm.

While he was dealing with the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen, he was carefully controlling the conduction of the ceremony as well.

The involvement in this plan was too broad. It was only possible because he had acquired the Pill Hall, which allowed him to conduct such a huge plan.

Even so, he still didn’t have the confidence for it to succeed. With one careless move, he might fail.

If he wasn’t successful this time, there wouldn’t be enough time and opportunity for him to do it one more time.

While he had to be wary of the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen that had his cultivation lowered by Suo Mingzhang, he freely interrupted Jiang Shen with Yue Zhenbei blocking.

However, he wasn’t the person that Yan Zhaoge had to be wary of the most this time.

If this plan might fail, it would fail in other parts.

“Exalted Solar Luminary, Gao Han…” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze traversed through the boundaries of the Pill Hall, and swept around the Dao universe, “You’ve been plotting for so long. Is that it?”

“You’re also aware of what kind of temper the Exalted Fire has. Did you only put your hopes into everyone not realizing your whereabouts? That proves that it’s an unstable plan.”

“However, if you have other arrangements, where would it be?”

While he had guessed that the Nine Underworlds would make a move, Yan Zhaoge never expected such a top-notch Great Devil like the Shadow Devil to be able to infiltrate the internal parts of the World beyond Worlds. No one had even realised it.

Until now, Yan Zhaoge was still curious about how the Shadow Devil managed to get in.

Unfortunately, he didn’t have time to find the answers to it under such circumstances.

Instead, he had to face problems.

Due to the influence of the Shadow Devil, the Astro Sovereign was temporarily unable to do anything.

His side had experienced a loss in strength. Under such a situation filled with unpredictability, it meant losing someone to deal with the unpredictables.

Yan Zhaoge was trying to ensure that his plan would go just as planned, and the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen was finding a way to spoil his plan.

His understanding towards Gao Han was much deeper compared to Yan Zhaoge. He was also wondering about the whereabouts of Gao Han.

“Previously, in order to protect his Immortal Splendour, he forcefully withstood an attack from Suo Mingzhang. He shouldn’t be able to battle again after receiving such a heavy wound.”

While he thought about this, Jiang Shen wasn’t relaxed at all.

Yan Zhaoge’s plan was slowly turning into reality. Jiang Shen could only be anxious.

Without mentioning Yan Di, Nie Jingshen and the others that have yet to push open the Immortal Door, the Mars Halberd had yet to appear.

The whereabouts of the Female Emperor Jie Mingkong was unknown. However, it had to be taken into account as well.

The Concealed Sovereign – Yang Ce’s Four Qis Fused Aura was destroyed by Suo Mingzhang. It meant that he had temporarily dropped to the True Immortal Realm.

It would be easier for him to cultivate back his original cultivation compared to Gao Han and Jiang Shen. However, it wouldn’t just happen overnight.

“However…” Jiang Shen’s gaze shifted to the side.

There, the Concealed Sovereign – Yang Ce was looking at the faraway World beyond Worlds while being slightly dazed.

The Exalted Concealed Luminary didn’t seem to plan on attacking at all.

Even if he had fallen to the True Immortal Realm, he was still a top-notch existence within the True Immortal Realm martial art cultivators. While this situation wasn’t something that Yang Ce was able to face, his indifferent attitude made Jiang Shen feel fretful.

Yan Zhaoge had also realised such an abnormal scene.

Feeling Jiang Shen’s gaze, Yang Ce turned his head around and smiled, “The situation is extremely unstable, and it’s going to crumble anytime soon. Sorry for making things difficult for you.”

“I’ve always known that you had your own plan,” said Jiang Shen slowly. “For so many years, you’ve been maintaining contact with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. Your explanation is that you wanted to acquire more information from him. Indeed, you’ve reported many crucial informations to the North Star Emperor. However, I believe that you’re the kind of person that would please both of them.”

“No matter how you were last time, I ask Daoist Yang to think first before you act.”

Yang Ce smiled, “Indeed, you’ve always knew about these. However, it’s a pity…”

“You do not know who I am.”