Chapter 1308 - Regain Control Over The Universe And Change The World!

Chapter 1308: Regain Control Over the Universe and Change the World!

Initially, Yan Zhaoge thought that it was risky enough for the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua to target a Heavenly Lord Great Devil with the Tranquil Profound Realm cultivation she possessed when she perished.

From the looks of it now, she was much more daring than expected and was even more of a fanatic.

Among the Twelve Devilish Gods, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil was an extremely special existence.

Just like how the Primordial Heavenly Devil fought for the Primordial position with the Daoist Jade Clear’s Primordial Heavenly Lord, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil and the Lord of Prime Clear Numinous Treasure both symbolised phenomena of the “start” and the “end”. They both symbolised the phenomena of the world perishing.

If the Lord of Numinous Treasure had yet to be illuminated, he would have to fight against the Doomsday Heavenly Devil when Doomsday arrived.

On the other hand, it was precisely because the Lord of Numinous Treasure had been illuminated that the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s descent upon the world would be extremely successful. Now, he would only have to wait for Doomsday’s arrival.

However, before it happens, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil would not appear in the world.

Because of this, unlike the Devil of Aged Metal, who was always awaiting his revival, it would be nearly impossible to acquire the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s Authority.

However, after seeing the devilish black flames’ blade materialized, he felt the insightful powers of all laws being abolished, and Doomsday was descending upon the world. From this, Yan Zhaoge knew that the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua had succeeded.

It didn’t imply that she would be able to replace the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

After all, the foundations in strength between the two of them were too enormous.

However, she had indeed acquired part of the sixth Ancestral Devil’s powers, and laid down the path for her cultivation.

However, the repercussions were extremely frightening if one were to think about it.

For example, would the sixth Ancestral Devil that symbolised Doomsday descend upon the world earlier than expected?

Yan Zhaoge had always not been afraid of guessing other’s intentions in the most despicable way. He was suspecting that this was the counterattack of the top-notch Great Devils of the Nine Underworlds towards the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor. After all, they had instructed Jian Shunhua to cause havoc within the Nine Underworlds.

Or, this might have been the plan of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor or others to begin with. Did they want to use this to delay and interrupt the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s descent?

No matter which possibility was correct, Feng Yunsheng would have to hold onto all the responsibilities and repercussions after Jian Shunhua had made such a huge move.

Within the blue-black fiery sea that was enveloped in dark smokes, a woman’s figure slowly appeared.

She tied her ponytail with a green thread, and her snow-white robes were being dragged on the floor with the jet-black long blade on her hand.

The woman pointed her blade diagonally towards Ling Qing.

She was Feng Yunsheng, the one that had been missing for many years!

It was just like how she looked when Yan Zhaoge first met her in the Eight Extremities World.

“… You aren’t Jian Shunhua.” Ling Qing stared at her, “Jian Shunhua failed. Did you make this happen?”

Feng Yunsheng said calmly, “What kind of person is the Exalted Rahu Luminary? It’s already lucky enough for me to regain my freedom, which allowed me to return to my clan. How would I have the spare efforts to bother myself with other matters? After all, plotting wasn’t my specialty, to begin with.”

Ling Qing stared at her for quite some time, and nodded lightly, “Did Jian Shunhua dig her own grave? However, you’re quite something if you were able to win against Jian Shunhua. If I were in your shoes, I wouldn’t have the confidence to win her.”

“You praise me too much, Exalted Lunar Luminary. I merely got lucky.” No hints of pride were written on Feng Yunsheng’s expression. She was still as calm as ever.

After seeing Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone in the World beyond Worlds, she understood the current situation.

Her jade white palm held onto the jet-black blade firmly. She pointed it diagonally towards Ling Qing and said in a calm tone, “I’m forced to fight against you today. My clan and my husband are here. I want to fight for their sake!”

Ling Qing said, “You have your reason to persist, but I have it too. Let’s decide it with our battle. After all, you’re still not the Ancestral Devil.”

As she was talking, the Holy Radiance Banner in her hands swayed. Rays of golden lights fell upon Gao Han’s fiery formation and purged the devilish black flames corroding it.

At the same time, Ling Qing placed her palm on the Pill Hall.

After Feng Yunsheng held Ling Qing back with her appearance, Yan Zhaoge finally had control over his ritual, and shifted from defense to offense.

The current situation wasn’t appropriate for him to happily chatter with Feng Yunsheng after reuniting.

Ling Qing would naturally not ignore the light pillars that connected the Pill Hall with the World beyond Worlds that were condensing once more.

However, just as she attacked, Feng Yunsheng stepped upon the void and strode forward.

The seemingly inconspicuous jet-black long saber in her hand became much sharper and ruthless than ever.

The Cold Sun Divine Saber far surpassed its capabilities in the past.

The horrifying black devilish flames formed a blade and rampaged across the cosmos. It sliced through the sunlight and moonlight and even wanted to slice through Ling Qing.

“Naturally, I cannot be compared to the Doomsday Heavenly Devil. However, under the current circumstances…” Feng Yunsheng’s gaze was as calm as a tranquil river, “…What about it?”

The sinister black blade sliced through the fabrics of the void and left a sharp trace upon it. Time and space seemed to be non-existent, and only the shapeless darkness remained as if a hole was left upon the Dao universe.

A much more majestic power that would inflict more profound despair was released. As if it was slowly freeing itself from its shackles, it became much more horrifying.

The boundless cosmos seemed to have been compressed into a flat surface. It blocked Ling Qing from advancing with only a line on the flat surface and stopped her from reaching her destination.

Ling Qing swayed the Holy Radiance Banner and slashed it towards the line, making ripples appear on the line.

As ripples occurred across the line, rays of ruthless blade-light shot towards Ling Qing. The line was like a heavenly moat, which was impossible to overcome.

“In the past, when I was still a teenager, I had accepted lots of help regarding cultivations from your Extreme Yin Crown. Now, I don’t want to use weapons when fighting against you. How about sitting here together with me?”

Naturally, Ling Qing wouldn’t have the mood to sit together with Feng Yunsheng.

Without Ling Qing interrupting, Yan Zhaoge finally regained control over the World beyond Worlds!

Rays of brilliance shot out from the white jade hall that resembled a Divine Palace. The brilliance connected with the World beyond Worlds.

At the same time, the purple sea of clouds started descending and enveloped the fiery formation that Gao Han had laid down.

After being submerged in the purple mists, the flames of the formation started fading one after another.

The raging flames that burned across the formation started losing its powers, and the trembling of the Kunlun Mountain started dying down!

The warping of the World beyond Worlds caused by the two rituals happening simultaneously stopped.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s ritual was still fulfilling its role.

The space within Nine Territories of the World beyond Worlds finally surpassed its limits, and a violent change occurred!

Shapeless heavenly moats were blocking off each section of the Nine Territories. At this moment, they seemed to have taken a physical form.

The passage between two territories like the Southern Blazing Heaven Territory’s Circumference Mountain and the Southeastern Yang Heavenly Territory’s Royal Reed Sea was temporarily sealed.

Then, space started undergoing constant warping and transformation. If someone were to watch it from the outside of the World beyond Worlds, the unique feature they would see was the sparkles emitted by the World beyond Worlds’ territories.

However, a part of the world within the World beyond Worlds was slowly disappearing into thin air, as if someone was extracting it!