Chapter 1305 - Compete With Each Other Again

Chapter 1305: Compete with Each Other Again

Sunlight and moonlight were being radiated from the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing. Only one person would have the chance to fight against her among all the Dao universe experts, especially when she possesses the Holy Radiance Banner. That person would be the Roving Jade Heaven’s Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan to achieve Five Qis Unifications and ascend to the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm.

Her talents were outstanding, and she was fortunate. Her strength was extremely exceptional compared to the martial art practitioners who were in the same realm as her. In the past, when her cultivation was still very weak, she had even refined an outstanding clone.

The clone’s realm of cultivation increases alongside with the Profound Sovereign herself. They had both pushed open the Immortal Door together, passed the Pure Profound Tribulation along, and ascended the Tranquil Profound Realm together with the two of them achieving Two Qis Fused Aura.

If the Profound Sovereign herself managed to pass the Profound Origin Tribulation, her clone would pass what might seem like a massive moat to others very easily as if she was merely walking on a flat surface.

Even if she doesn’t possess a Grand Virtual level Immortal Artifact, Gao Qingxuan would be able to fight against Ling Qing.

For Yan Zhaoge, he didn’t necessarily have to win against the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing. As long as someone could divert her attention away, he would be able to disperse Gao Han’s formation and control the entire situation.

Unfortunately, no matter if it was the Sword Sovereign or the Astro Sovereign, they didn’t want the Roving Jade Heavens to interfere with today’s matters. Even if they contacted the Roving Jade Heavens to assist them, it wouldn’t help much.

Before this battle, Yan Zhaoge had already communicated with both Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji.

The Profound Sovereign’s current seclusion wasn’t sufficient to break through her bottleneck and pass the Profound Origin Tribulation.

If one’s cultivation wasn’t accumulated enough, they might perish under the tribulation if they were to attempt to break through forcefully.

This was the principle of the world which martial art practitioners obey. The tribulation happens from within their body. Tribulation occurs when one trains their own body and attempts to gain insights of the heavens and earth. There was no such thing called “luck” when passing the tribulation. If one were careless, they would end up perishing.

It was hard for a sword cultivator to raise their cultivation, to begin with. Even someone so outstanding like the Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan was of no exception.

The Roving Jade Seven were all born after the Great Calamity. The amount of cultivation they had accumulated was still quite shallow. If there weren’t any particular reasons or tremendous opportunities, the accumulation process would take a long time. There were no shortcuts to it.

An anomaly like Suo Mingzhang was a sporadic case. He held no value for reference.

In the Dao universe, no one was currently able to deal with the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

“It’s been a long time, Daoist Jiang. How have you been?” Ling Qing’s tranquil gaze shifted from Jiang Shen and Yue Zhenbei to the Pill Hall, “Congratulations to Daoist Yan for having such an exceptional descendent.”

Her gaze stopped for a moment when she saw the Pill Hall.

The Exalted Lunar Luminary seemed to be in a daze for a moment. Very quickly, she regained her focus.

“Awakened Sky Hall, Awakened Sky Hall… Sigh, the Awakened Sky Hall.” Ling Qing sighed in her heart, “It’s still the same as that year. Sadly, even though the hall is still the same, the person within is different…”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze turned serious.

Strictly speaking, among the New Nine Luminaries of Kunlun, the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han and the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing were the first people Yan Zhaoge had came into contact with.

Between the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han and the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen, Yan Zhaoge was warier of Gao Han deep within.

From the looks of it now, his wariness wasn’t for no reason.

Gao Han’s actions exceeded Yan Zhaoge’s expectations. He never expected the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han and the Exalted Concealed Luminary – Yang Ce to be the same person.

Now, the main problem he had to deal with was the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

Thinking back to the traces she left back in the Eight Extremities Worlds, Yan Zhaoge had a feeling that she might understand his side more than he expected her to.

In the past, the Exalted Solar Luminary hid in the Eight Extremities Worlds to hoodwink everyone with his supposed death to escape. However, was it truly just purely to deceive others from noticing him, and hiding his trace?

“It’s been a long time, Daoist Ling,” said the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen slowly as he stared at Ling Qing.

The World beyond Worlds’ Earthly Sovereign’s appearance resembled someone that was fifty to sixty years old. Only, he never displayed any characteristics of him being old.

However, insuppressible fatigue appeared on his face.

At this moment, Jiang Shen seemed to resemble a mundane old man that was fifty to sixty years olds.

However, his back was still straight, as if he was a tough mountain.

“I’m not surprised that Gao Han would be paying attention to the mark beneath the Kunlun Mountain,” said Jiang Shen slowly. “Now that I think of it, his clone that transformed into Yang Ce for so many years had always been residing deep within his place for a long time to guard and perceive the mark. He had already been making preparations for this day.”

“I’ve allowed a robber to enter. I can only blame myself for not recognizing him sooner.”

The Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing said plainly, “In the past when we left together with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the Triratna Jade Scepter fell into the hands of the North Star Emperor because the Immortal Court was much more focused on oppressing us.”

“Now, thanks to Daoist Suo, we would have the chance to compete with each other again.”

As she was talking, she raised her hand and grabbed the Holy Radiance Banner on top of her head that radiated with the brilliance of the sun.

As the long banner swayed gently within the cosmos, gale winds arose.

The winds weren’t like the normal windstorms that were shapeless. Instead, it presented rays of fanatical light beams that enveloped every single corner of the void.

Wherever the solar windstorm reached, it blew people until they almost couldn’t catch their balance.

The majestic sonorous voice of the great Dao resounded. Yue Zhenbei, someone of the Profound Immortal Realm, felt that his thoughts were becoming muddled. As if he was being suppressed by something, which made his thoughts process slower.

In contrast, Jiang Shen’s situation was much better. Although his cultivation level had dropped, he was someone that had managed to cultivate the sonorous voice. He was able to interpret it freely.

However, Jiang Shen found it hard to move after being oppressed by Ling Qing and the Holy Radiance Banner’s aura.

Yan Zhaoge was inside the Pill Hall and was protected by it. As a result, the influence of the great Dao’s sonorous voice wasn’t that apparent to him.

He continued giving our orders to control and stabilize the Pill Hall connection with the World beyond Worlds.

However, Ling Qing didn’t plan on giving Yan Zhaoge such an opportunity.

While she was suppressing Jiang Shen, Yue Zhenbei, and the others with the Holy Radiance Banner, she chopped her palm in the air again.

A few light pillars connecting the Pill Hall with the World beyond Worlds broke apart again.

“I’ll have to put in all my efforts.” The Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace re-appeared within the Purple Divine Pavilion. Yan Zhaoge extended his hand and pressed it on the surface of the furnace.

A weird ritual started circulating with Yan Zhaoge inside. He vaguely felt that his soul was escaping his body.

“Huh? What’s wrong with the Awakened Sky Hall?” With the highest cultivation among those on the spot, and so familiar with the Pill Hall, Ling Qing noticed the odd things that happened very quickly.

The connection of his soul and the Pill Hall became much closer. Before the ritual succeeded, he was already very sensitive towards everything happening in the World beyond Worlds and the Dao universe through the Pill Hall.

Now, he could feel the territories of the World beyond Worlds becoming unstable. A certain territory had traversed through the Dao universe’s space and was connected with the outskirts of the cosmos.

The Northern Profound Heaven Territory!

Someone intended to enter the World beyond Worlds through the land of tranquil streams!