Chapter 1307 - Doomsday Annihilation Blade

C

hapter 1307: Doomsday Annihilation Blade

Very little people knew about the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua’s plan of revival and her plot with Nine Underworlds Devils.

Most of the people within the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries vaguely knew some parts of it in all actuality. The Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing was naturally among one of them.

Jian Shunhua planned to acquire the Great Devil Authority, and her target was the Devil of Aged Metal, who was killed by the Exalted Gold Luminary – Yan Xintang!

The target of the Exalted Rahu Luminary wasn’t a Great Devil of the Heavenly Monarch Realm, nor was it an ordinary Heavenly Lord Great Devil.

Instead, it was the Devil of Aged Metal, one of the Twelve Devilish Gods!

Ling Qing knew why she was so daring and had the confidence to succeed. After all, she had the support of both the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor.

It wasn’t Jian Shunhua’s intentions. Instead, it involved the plottings of the experts on a higher level.

It’s meant to be…

At this moment, Ling Qing felt that something was out of place after sensing the sinister aura of the devilish black fire.

It wasn’t like the insight strength of the Sword Devil – Yin Shiyang and the others who were once a Devil of Aged Metal. It wasn’t as ferocious, and it wasn’t sharp to the extreme.

Instead, it was much colder, much more deadly silent. It was a much more terrifying, horrifying, and sinister aura!

As if all the Evil Qis that appeared since the creation of the universe were all accumulated together and brought upon annihilation to the entire world!

The moment the sinister black devilish flame’s aura was emitted, the entire Dao universe presented the phenomena of it withering towards annihilation!

If it weren’t for the devilish black flame owner concentrating its strength in a specific area, the World beyond Worlds would be devastated.

After all the flames’ strengths were concentrated into one point, it turned into a jet-black blade. It sliced through the fabrics of space and reached Ling Qing’s front.

With the sun and moon alternating, the radiance of extreme yin and extreme yang were fused. However, it was torn apart by the jet-black blade.

The boundless darkness devoured the radiance of the sun and moon again and enveloped the entire universe.

Ling Qing’s expression was icy. The silvery-white moonlight around her was automatically set ablaze and was transformed into a field of blue-black darkness!

Ketu Dim Encompass Mantra!

When Gao Han’s clone – the Exalted Concealed Luminary created his martial arts, the Exalted Lunar Luminary had also given contributions to its development.

Ling Qing possessed both the power of the Moon Star of the Extreme Yin and the Moon Eclipse Ketu.

As light and darkness were dissolving each other, Ling Qing pushed her palm forward and displayed the powers of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

When the two extremities of the power of light and darkness were twisted to an extreme extent, they combined and formed an insurmountable force.

At the same time, Ling Qing grabbed the Holy Radiance Banner and slowly slashed it forward.

Although her actions appeared slow, it was swift. It directly broke through the fabrics of the cosmic void!

The Holy Radiance Banner was the Immortal Artifact that the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han had crafted. It inherited the insightful power from the lineage Gao Han was in.

Like how Yan Zhaoge had previously activated the Mars Halberd in the Original Nebula for the first time, Ling Qing had temporarily borrowed the Holy Radiance Banner. As such, she wasn’t exactly that familiar with using it.

However, she had also learned the Heaven Opening Scripture.

The profundities she had acquired through the Heaven Opening Scripture merged with Gao Han’s insights of the Heaven Opening Scripture stored within the Holy Radiance Banner.

The long radiating banner slashed forward with force capable of opening the heavens and splitting the earth. It broke through the darkness as if it wanted to establish its world!

The primordial gulf broke apart; the attributes of earth, water fire, and wind were rampaging. In the next instant, they all transformed into boundless sunlight.

The sunlight slashed forward and continuously broke the void apart.

It continuously expanded the same way throughout the entire cosmic universe and continuously ventured forward without any hints of stopping.

As for the previous extreme yin and reversed moon, they underwent the cyclic power of the light and darkness, and the Cyclic Heavenly Seal’s majestic strength provided sufficient force to push forward the sunlight that was continuously venturing forward. It made the sunlight stronger and stronger, allowing it to move forward continuously without stopping!

The extremely sinister dark blade seemed indestructible at this moment.

Even the sunlight opening the heavens and splitting the earth was continuously being slashed apart by the dark blade!

Fortunately, Ling Qing’s attacks were much sturdier. As she continued releasing her powers together with the Holy Radiance Banner, she slowly wore down the terrifying blade capable of annihilating the sun and moon.

Afterward, the black blade faded, and most of the devilish black flames were slashed away.

However, Ling Qing’s attacks had no more strength to advance anymore.

After forcefully clashing against that blade, she felt her strength of insights slowly being worn down.

It wasn’t because of the consumption of her Immortal Essence. Instead, her insights regarding the profundities of the various martial arts she had learned were gradually weakening!

Her understanding of the laws of the world seemed to be declining.

A barrier seemed to have appeared in the connection she had established together with the world’s creation.

She didn’t lose her memories. However, she seemed never to have comprehended the insights of the Dao before. As if all her previous efforts were just her tricking herself, and she hadn’t been paying attention in cultivating.

For someone that had already ascended the Immortal Realm, and for a Heavenly Monarch that had achieved the Five Qis Unifications, this would naturally be impossible.

But now, it happened.

It was different from when Suo Mingzhang used the Heaven Severing Scripture to lower Gao Han, Jiang Shen, and Yang Ce’s cultivation realm.

Ling Qing seemed to have understood something. She stared at the vast dark aura that grew stronger again with a weird gaze.

Jiang Shen and Yue Zhenbei involuntarily focused on the current situation.

Jiang Shen knew a little about Jian Shunhua’s matter. He was currently frowning, and his heart was filled with fear and doubt.

Yan Zhaoge had mentioned Feng Yunsheng’s experience to Yue Zhenbei previously. Feeling the insightful power of that blade just now, he had a bad feeling about it.

He vaguely remembered an ancient myth. It seemed to resemble the phenomena he was currently witnessing profoundly.

With the Pill Hall, Yan Zhaoge’s happy expression and smile faded when he saw that blade. He gritted his teeth, “Jian Shunhua, you fanatic! Serves you right for perishing!”

If it was any other matters, he might even give the Exalted Rahu Luminary a thumbs up for her bravery.

Even if it happened on himself, Yan Zhaoge would harbor feelings of enjoyment and fight the heavens and earth.

However, when it happened to someone related to him, Yan Zhaoge felt like scolding someone.

Like Ling Qing, Jiang Shen, and Yue Zhenbei had sensed, Jian Shunhua had managed to acquire the Great Devil Authority. However, it wasn’t the Devil of Aged Devil that she had initially planned to target.

Or, it should be said that she never told everyone about her plan very clearly.

The Exalted Rahu Luminary was targeting someone much more terrifying than the Devil of Aged Metal, one of the Six Great Extinct Devil!

Twelve Devilish Gods were divided into two categories.

One of them was the Six Great Extinct Devils. They consisted of the Heart Devil, the Devil of Aged Metal, the Wood Devil, the Water Devil, the Devil of Fire, and the Earth Devil. They were all the most top-notch Great Devils, the Ancient Devils.

The other category was the Six Ancestral Devils. They were existences that were much more ancient and stronger than the Six Extinct Devils!

The Six Ancestral Devils were all born during the Earlier Heavens.

The only exception was the Earlier Heaven Ancestral Devil. It had never appeared in the world before the dawn of time. In the myths, he would descend upon the world during the doomsday, when the later heaven was ending.

No one knew about his title either. Based on his characteristics, humans gave him a temporary title.

The Doomsday Heavenly Devil [1]!

[1] Previous translations referred to it as Finality Law Heavenly Devil. But, we thought that Doomsday is more befitting.