Chapter 1317 - Reunion After All The Hardships

Chapter 1317: Reunion After All The Hardships

Yan Zhaoge hugged Feng Yunsheng, and said with a smile, “I almost turned into stone while awaiting your return…”

As he was halfway through his sentence, his mouth was sealed with a sensation of warmth.

Feeling the trembling within the warmth, Yan Zhaoge hugged Feng Yunsheng much more tightly and felt her embrace earnestly. He was absorbing the power within, which allowed him to calm down.

Throughout the past few years, he experienced many kinds of shocking events and completed many kinds of challenges that were deemed impossible to overcome by others.

However, the matters the woman within his embrace had experienced might have been much more dangerous. Even saying that she escaped death’s grasp by a hair’s breadth wasn’t sufficient in describing the dangers she had been facing.

Not only was her opponent the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua that attempted to take over her body, she also had to go against the corrosion of the devilish intent within her consciousness. Other than that, there were also various other Nine Underworld Devils that were hunting her down.

Previously, through the communication through the North Ocean Clone, Yan Zhaoge already knew that Feng Yunsheng had almost encountered the Shadow Devil, a Grand Heavenly Immortal in the Nine Underworlds.

Relating it back to when the Shadow Devil had infiltrated the World beyond Worlds and had taken over the northern Profound Heaven Territory, Yan Zhaoge had suspicions that the Shadow Devil was planning to pursuit Feng Yunsheng.

The woman, in his embrace, had a resolute will. Yan Zhaoge had rarely seen people like this.

Maybe, only in front of him, would she present such a side of her.

Moreover, she might only appear to be like this for a short while. At other times, she would still be the resolute, hearty, and bright woman.

As such, Yan Zhaoge did not say anything else and did not make any unnecessary movements. He merely hugged her.

Within the silence, the two of them seemed to have exchanged thousands of sentences. They felt each other yearn and cherishment. They were experiencing the pent up emotions accumulated deep down their hearts upon leaving each other.

After a long while, the lips separated.

After the two of them looked at each other, they laughed simultaneously.

Yan Zhaoge extended his finger and scratched Feng Yunsheng’s tall nose lightly.

Feng Yunsheng snorted. She opened her mouth and made the action of biting.

Then, she, who was always cheerful, displayed a rare sight of shyness. However, it wasn’t towards Yan Zhaoge. Instead, she looked at the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei at the side, “Forgive me for losing my manners. Please don’t mind us, Sword Sovereign…”

Although this was the first time she saw Yue Zhenbei in person, she had seen the portrait of the World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereigns before.

Through the communication with Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone, she had a somewhat clear understanding of the situation, her foes, and her allies.

“It’s normal not to be able to control your emotions after being relieved of hardships.” A warm smile appeared on Yue Zhenbei’s serious face, “It’s me who’s interrupting the reuniting of you two.”

Yan Zhaoge grinned and said, “I’ve presented a shameful side in front of you, senior apprentice-uncle.”

The blush on Feng Yunsheng’s face subsided. She stepped back, separated herself from Yan Zhaoge, and politely greeted Yue Zhenbei, “Broad Creed disciple, Feng Yunsheng greets the Sword Sovereign.”

“No need to be so courteous. I should be the one using honorifics.” Yue Zhenbei raised his hand into the air.

“I was merely lucky. How dare I act prideful in front of you?” said Feng Yunsheng with a smile. “Then… Is it fine if I follow Zhaoge, and call you senior apprentice-uncle?”

“Naturally, that’s fine.” Yue Zhenbei analyzed her, “I shouldn’t be interrupting your reunion. However, please forgive me for asking this. What kind of situation are you, and the Exalted Rahu Luminary in now?”

Yan Zhaoge also looked at Feng Yunsheng.

Previously, due to the vast changes happening within the Dao universe, the North Ocean Clone had mainly discussed the situation and the changes happening within the World beyond Worlds after confirming that Jian Shunhua didn’t take over Feng Yunsheng.

They didn’t talk much about Feng Yunsheng’s condition.

Even if Yan Zhaoge wanted to talk about his emotions of parting with Feng Yunsheng, there were much more urgent matters and had a higher priority.

“Previously, in the Nine Underworlds, an accident happened during the ritual, which was caused by the Exalted Rahu Luminary stealing a part of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority. After that, the Exalted Rahu Luminary never appeared anymore,” said Feng Yunsheng with a straight face. “However, I’m not sure if she had disappeared and ceased to exist.”

If Feng Yunsheng had to pick the most formidable opponent she had faced, it would undoubtedly be the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua.

Others might be stronger, but they were all stronger than her in terms of cultivation.

As for the fight against Jian Shunhua, it was unrelated to cultivation. It was merely the battle of two’s will.

Feng Yunsheng had never experienced such kind of combat before. While it was fresh for her, it was also exceptionally difficult.

She was known for her resolute determination. However, her opponent was the same as well.

If it wasn’t for the external force interfering with the ritual, the two might still be fighting against each other.

It might be the same for Jian Shunhua as well.

If her opponent wasn’t Feng Yunsheng, she might have already successfully returned to the human realm.

“The Wood Devil should be finding me. At least, his main goal is to find me. He’s merely seeing if he can reap any benefits from the World beyond Worlds’ havoc,” said Feng Yunsheng with a deep voice.

Yan Zhaoge asked, “The Astro Sovereign, as well as Shi Jun and his mother were influenced by the Shadow Devil, which caused the Devil Intent within them to run rampant. What would happen if you meet up with him?”

“I won’t.” Feng Yunsheng shook her head, “Only the Six Ancestral Devils, someone on par with the Doomsday Heavenly Devil, would incite my Devil Intent. If it’s the Wood Devil, it usually wouldn’t be able to affect me.”

“However, if I were to fight against someone borrowing the Doomsday Heavenly Devil powers, I would have to be careful even if there’s no other Devils present.”

She said, “Of course, for now, even if the Devil Intent inside of me wouldn’t be affected by the Wood Devil, I still wouldn’t be his opponent. After all, he’s an Ancient Devil that’s comparable to our Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal.”

“Indeed.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “The Shadow Devil’s infiltration had exceeded our expectations. However, the Exalted Fire breaking through the Origin Heavenly Tribulation had exceeded the Shadow Devil’s expectations as well. Otherwise, the Shadow Devil might have done something.”

Thinking back to the matters related to Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge also felt like she had survived a calamity.

Feng Yunsheng frowned, “The Wood Devil hid by the northern Profound Heaven Territory when he infiltrated. He was waiting there, awaiting me to walk into the trap on my own. Since he’s proficient in transformation, then the Northern Exalt…”

“The Northern Exalt might have already perished.” Yan Zhaoge nodded silently.

Feng Yunsheng pursed her lips tightly.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Don’t blame yourself. If it weren’t for the Exalted Rahu Luminary’s plots being leaked to the enemy, the Shadow Devil wouldn’t have been able to infiltrate from the northern Profound Heaven Territory.”

Feng Yunsheng forced a smile, but she still shook her head.

She looked at Yan Zhaoge, “I saw the northern Profound Heaven Territory remaining by the World beyond Worlds…”

“Space there is unique. It directly traversed through the Dao universe and is connected to many pieces of lands of tranquil stream by the void’s outskirts. It can’t be separated.” Yan Zhaoge knew what she was thinking, and answered, “However, through the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion’s token plates and the formation that I laid down, the Cloud Pavilion Mountain where the Profound Remnant Locale, as well as many forces from the central Jun Heaven Territory, were brought along here.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded and said softly, “I want to watch the rainfall.”

Her expression started becoming perplexed. She seemed not to know how to face her friends of the past. However, after a while, her face slowly became resolute and calm. She had to face what she had to.