Chapter 1310 - Someone Who Was Also Familiar With The Pill Hall

Chapter 1310

: Someone Who Was Also Familiar With The Pill Hall

When Suo Mingzhang had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord noticed it without needing any Immortal Court experts to report it back to him.

In order to deal with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s threats, Suo Mingzhang could only remain within the Dao universe for a short amount of time before he was forced to leave.

Before he left, other than taking the opportunity to weaken Gao Han, Jiang Shen, and Yang Ce, he also brought upon a devastating attack upon the Immortal Court experts.

Numerous Immortal Realm heretic experts were killed on the spot.

Other than the four Grand Heavenly Immortals that were leading the group, more than ten Virtual Immortals were killed by him. Many other Immortal Court Sovereigns and Emperors were all killed along with it.

Among the group of heretic Immortals that arrived here, the top-notch higher-ups had almost perished entirely.

Those who were lucky enough to survive still poorly suffered under Suo Mingzhang’s shockwave remnant during the battle.

After the heretics remained outside of the Dao universe for quite an amount of time, they finally recovered from it. They readjusted their bodies’ conditions and stabilized themselves.

They felt frustrated after recovering from the uncomfortableness.

Dealing with Suo Mingzhang was the responsibility of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. They would naturally not dare to harbor any intentions to Suo Mingzhang.

As such, their rage was directed towards Yan Zhaoge, as well as the World beyond Worlds.

One attack from Suo Mingzhang almost annihilated the entire group of top-notch Immortal Court experts. Only a Heavenly Monarch was lucky enough to survive.

Currently, the remaining Immortal Court heretics were rushing towards the Dao universe under his lead. They were planning to massacre the World beyond Worlds.

The Exalted Lunar Luminary had already left the World beyond Worlds.

Feng Yunsheng’s sinister blade intent capable of annihilating the world and the black flames capable of devouring the heavens and earth had all been retracted.

Black glow flickered within her eyes. Fatigue was written on her face.

She had always been defending herself against the Devil Intent’s corrosion, as well as forcing herself to remain conscious. The fatigues didn’t affect her physically, but it greatly affected her mentally.

“Yunsheng!” Yan Zhaoge’s sound transmission was sent from the Pill Hall.

Feng Yunsheng understood what he meant. She lightly shook her head, “Relax, I can still go on. How can a heretic Virtual Immortal be comparable to the Exalted Lunar Luminary?”

During the past few years, she slowly understood the Immortal Court’s situation through the interactions with the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua.

The horrifying jet-black blade-light expanded again and went against the opponent that was attacking her.

Yan Zhaoge, who was within the Purple Divine Pavilion, took in a deep breath and opened the Pill Hall’s gates.

Currently, his primary opponents were the Immortal Court heretics. It wasn’t the internal conflict happening within the World beyond Worlds anymore.

If the Roving Jade Heavens’ numerous experts wanted to interfere, the Sword Sovereign and the Astro Sovereign wouldn’t comment any further.

The Profound Sovereign and others from the Prime Clear lineage would be willing to take action as well.

However, even if they didn’t regard themselves as outsiders, Yan Zhaoge would have to take the Roving Jade Heavens into account.

At the same time, he had to take Feng Yunsheng into account as well.

The Pill Hall’s doors opened, and Immortal heretics instantly rushed towards the Pill Hall.

Upon seeing this, Feng Yunsheng vaguely guessed Yan Zhaoge’s plan.

She felt a sense of warmth within her heart and started focusing on suppressing the Devil Intent’s corrosion within her body.

However, the jet-black blade was still blocking the Immortal Court Heavenly Monarchs that had achieved Five Qis Unifications. Although her blade wasn’t as strong as before, and the intensity was comparatively lower, it still prevented her opponent from stepping forward.

The Earthly Sovereign – Jiang Shen looked at the situation unfolding in front of him with a complicated expression.

He silently stepped aside and stopped entangling with the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei any further.

Jiang Shen did not fight against the Immortal Court heretics, nor did he make things harder for Yan Zhaoge, Yue Zhenbei, and the others.

He turned his head and rushed towards the other side of the World beyond Worlds.

Yue Zhenbei looked at his back and didn’t say anything. He turned around and helped Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng to go up against the heretic experts’ group.

None of the Immortal Court Sovereigns could withstand Yue Zhenbei’s sword. They could only try to contend against it.

Taking advantage of the situation where Feng Yunsheng and Yue Zhenbei were both held back, numerous silhouettes turned into streams of lights and shot towards the Pill Hall’s door.

One silhouette after another was standing firmly. They were all experts that had already pushed open the Immortal Door.

Their gazes were all on a middle-age Daoist clad in Daoist robes wearing a pair of ratan shoes.

“Follow me. We’ll be able to quench our vengeance by taking over this Awakened Sky Hall, and killing those heretical evil demons!” After the ratan shoes Daoist finished speaking, he immediately traversed to the Pill Hall’s cosmos’ internal part.

Everyone else followed after him. Under the lead of the ratan shoes Daoist, they first went towards the Pill Hall’s control center.

Within the Purple Divine Pavilion, Yan Zhaoge raised his brows, “This is getting interesting.”

The Pill Hall contained its own cosmos within, and the space was different from the outer world. If someone, who didn’t know how to maneuver, were to go inside, they would only remain at the same spot and get lost within the vast universe.

Only after one’s cultivation reached a certain height would one be able to locate the path.

However, this ratan shoes Daoist was only in the True Immortal Realm. His strength wasn’t sufficient to break through the laws within this cosmos.

That means, he possesses sufficient understanding towards the Pill Hall.

Yan Zhaoge thought for a moment and realized, “The four heretic Heavenly Lords were all Heavenly Monarchs within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace before the Great Calamity. From the looks of it, this person might have relations with them. He might be one of the four Heavenly Lord’s disciples.”

Without mentioning the other three Heavenly Lords, the Main Smallpox Emerald Cloud Origin Lord – Yu Hualong was the Righteous God of the Heavenly Court Divine Palace’s Smallpox department. It was inevitable for him to have interactions with the Pill Hall. Naturally, he would be extremely familiar with its internal structures after going in and out of it many times.

The ratan shoes Daoist was locating the pathway in an unfamiliar manner. It was apparent that this was the first time he had entered the Pill Hall.

However, he knew the way to maneuver through the internal parts of the Pill Hall. He led others to where the control center was located.

As he arrived here, he had managed to make out the pathway. A group of Immortal Court experts then went towards the Pill Hall’s core central hub – the Purple Divine Pavilion.

They finally got near to the brilliant starry clouds that resembled the center of a cosmos through the twist and turns.

The ratan shoes Daoist took out a jade slip and activated it.

Inscriptions appeared on the surface of the jade slip. When the ratan shoes Daoist saw it, he wrote the contents of it mid-air.

Then, runes after runes formed into a beautiful paragraph and landed within the starry clouds. The vast starlights that resembled the misty seas started surging.

A vortex slowly formed in the center of the starry clouds.

The ratan shoes Daoist threw the jade slip into the vortex and went in as well.

The others took the chance to follow him inside together.

After a while, the starlights disappeared from their eyes, and a pavilion had appeared within their sights.

However, within the pavilion, a teenager wearing white clothes, and was clad in a black-laced blue robe was already inside.

“Yan Xintang’s descendent, Yi Tianxia’s successor…” The people from the Immortal Court had a cold gaze in their eyes, “Your name is Yan Zhaoge, right?”

Yan Zhaoge was currently staring at the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace in front of him. Without turning his head, and replied plainly, “Among the four Grand Heavenly Immortals that perished under Senior Suo’s attack previously, who are you affiliated with?”

The ratan shoes Daoist was originally looking at the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace with greed and yearned. After he heard Yan Zhaoge’s words, his expression instantly turned ugly.

Although Yan Zhaoge did not mention anyone and wasn’t even looking at him, the ratan shoes Daoist could feel that Yan Zhaoge was asking him.

The contents of his question truly made him displeased.

“My master is the Emerald Cloud Origin Lord. He perished by you heretics to assist the righteous Dao,” said the ratan shoes Daoist coldly. “You don’t have to be so happy. No matter how presumptuous you heretics are, you’re all nothing in front of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s demeanor.”

“Just like you. As Yi Tianxia’s successor, you should have been killed much earlier. You are lucky enough to survive until now. However, it’s time for it to end.”