Chapter 1319 - Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’S Reliance

Chapter 1319: Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s Reliance

Fu Ting and He Xixing’s original plan was to remain by the World beyond Worlds.

It wasn’t that they weren’t willing to come.

Among the Ingenious Flying Peak lineage, the Red Lotus Cliff was the closest to the Broad Creed Mountain.

Even the White-clothed Brocade Emperor was quite friendly with the Broad Creed Mountain.

The Grand Clear lineage wanted to remain by the World beyond Worlds, and they had their cave manor as well. As for the Red Lotus Cliff, they would leave the Dao universe along with the Broad Creed Mountain.

However, Fu Ting and He Xixing’s condition was special.

The reason was no other than the fact that they knew of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s existence before they reached the Martial Saint Tenth Realm, and became a Human Exalt. It buried a shapeless seed deep down their heart.

Even if He Xixing would ascend to the Martial Saint Tenth Level, the influence would still exist.

Not only would the hidden danger affect them, but it might affect those around them as well.

Even if it didn’t affect anyone else, it might leave down traces, which would allow the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Immortal Court to locate Yan Zhaoge, as well as the Pill Hall.

As such, Fu Ting and He Xixing originally planned to remain by the World beyond Worlds. While it wouldn’t affect the Pill Hall, it would also be safer for them.

The possibility of the Immortal Court going against them in the World beyond Worlds was minimal. After all, there was no need to, as there was no value in it.

However, Yan Zhaoge still sincerely invited the two of them, in hopes that they would come along.

“I do have something prepared for them.” Hearing Yue Zhenbei’s question, Yan Zhaoge nodded and answered, “There’s risk involved within. However, some problems have to be faced, no matter what.”

Yue Zhenbei asked, “You have a way to disperse the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s curse?”

“Not as of now.” Yan Zhaoge’s finger touched his temples lightly, “However, I want to attempt to view this problem from a different perspective.”

“Whenever I’m thinking of a problem, and I can’t find a solution to it after using routine methods, I tend to go back to the start. Then, I’ll review the problem once more.

Yan Zhaoge explained, “Although the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was a Grand Heavenly Immortal from the orthodox Daoism, his way of illuminating our Daoism’s successor seems to be way too easy, and tyrannical.”

“How did he do this?”

Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples and said while he was contemplating.

Yue Zhenbei’s gaze became serious. Hints of revelation appeared on his face, “Heavenly Essence Stone…”

“That’s right. My guess is that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s reliance would be that Heavenly Essence Stone.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “In the past, the Dim Radiant Emperor had only taken away a fragment of the Heavenly Essence Stone. The other remaining parts should still be at the Immortal Court.”

“The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord himself was evolved from one of our orthodox Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortals. With the Heavenly Essence Stone, as well as any other items that would assist him, only would he have such a tyrannical method of illumination.”

Yan Zhaoge touched his lips, “It’s a pity that the Heavenly Essence Stone’s fragments had fragmented to even smaller pieces. Most of it had benefited the Exalted Solar Luminary.”

When Xue Chuqing had acquired the Heavenly Essence Stone’s fragments, she wanted to fragment it even further, and hide it within the myriad of worlds.

However, something unexpected had happened.

After the fragments were fragmented once more, they had turned into the various “Sikong Qing”s. Not only do they possess an outstanding appearance, but their talents in martial arts were also exceptionally high.

This made all the “Sikong Qing”s scattered all around the world. However, those with strong will would always shine. Even if some of them had perished, most of them were able to experience growth.

When so many people with an outstanding appearance look so similar to each other and all possess such incredible martial arts talents, it would be hard not to attract anyone’s attention.

A tree leaf would naturally be hidden well within a forest.

However, if a golden leaf were to appear in a green forest, it wouldn’t seem to be hidden that well anymore.

If there were numerous golden leaves, it would be impossible to hide them any further.

To prevent others from using divination against her, Xue Chuqing avoided herself from coming in contact with any Sikong Qing out of cautiousness.

After she reunited together with Yan Zhaoge and his father, she realized where the problem was. As such, she had the feeling of “I did something stupid in the past”/

However, in the end, Xue Chuqing’s seemingly unintended mistake did not result in the outcome she predicted.

Previously, the Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, and other higher-ups of the World beyond Worlds did not notice anything weird with the “Sikong Qing”s.

The only reason why this would happen was because someone had secretly kept all the sparkling golden leaves.

Previously, when Yan Zhaoge wasn’t aware of the Concealed Sovereign background, he only knew that the Concealed Sovereign was hiding something from the Earthly Sovereign – Jiang Shen. At that time, Yan Zhaoge had guessed that the Concealed Sovereign was secretly recruiting everyone who looked like Sikong Qing.

Now that Yan Zhaoge knew that the Exalted Concealed Luminary – “Yang Ce” was a clone of the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han, Yan Zhaoge had affirmed his guess.

Those Sikong Qings had most likely ended up together with Gao Han in private.

According to Xue Chuqing, fragmenting the Heavenly Essence Stone’s fragments wasn’t her idea. Instead, her master was the one that brought it up.

As for whether this idea originated from Xue Chuqing’s master or Gao Han, it would be hard to say for sure.

Xue Chuqing’s Grand Master – Hu Yuexin’s information about the Heavenly Essence Stone might have also come from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Gao Han, and the others in the past.

“He hid it from everyone and acquired a huge benefit. And yet, my mother was hunted down all over the world.” Yan Zhaoge gritted his teeth, “However, it’s hard for things to go perfectly. He would be dreaming if he wanted to gather everyone, and reform the Heavenly Essence Stone’s fragment.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “We have one, while they have one. Isn’t this a wise choice, as we didn’t keep them all together. It prevents the Immortal Court from seizing us all in one go.”

Yue Zhenbei’s serious expression let out a smile upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words.

He gently shook his head, “Although I had guessed that Yang Ce had something unbeknownst to all of us, I never expected him to be a clone of the Exalted Solar Luminary.”

“I originally thought that he was the Exalted Solar Luminary’s accomplice. I never expected their relationship to be so close that they would share everything. Yours is yours, and mine is yours.” Yan Zhaoge pouted.

Previously, when the Earthly Sovereign and the Sword Sovereign were still by the void’s outskirts and had yet to return. A war between the Broad Creed Mountain and the Qilin Cliff had broken out. When Yan Zhaoge killed Earth Exalt – Wang Zhengcheng, it signified the thorough division between them. There was no more room for turning everything around.

At that time, the Concealed Sovereign had secluded within the Restful Immortal Valley and wasn’t attending to mortal affairs.

Afterward, it was proven that he did not truly enter seclusion and wasn’t caring about the things happening in the World beyond Worlds. He had always been paying close attention to them.

His actions were obviously to increase the hostility between the two sides.

Otherwise, if he truly wished for the World beyond Worlds to be peaceful, the most appropriate thing for him to do would be to share his support with one side. With that, the other side would have an obvious disadvantage. It might cause them to retreat, which would cause it to subside.

When the forces were fighting against each other, the more the Concealed Sovereign remained neutral, the more unpredictable he would be.

The Earthly Sovereign – Jiang Shen might have been aware of the abnormalities of the Concealed Sovereign. However, he just assumed that the Concealed Sovereign was a double agent. In the end, Jiang Shen became the one that suffered the most massive loss. Even if he didn’t lose to Yan Zhaoge and Suo Mingzhang, he would still fall for Gao Han’s plans.