Chapter 1323 - Wood Devil, Becoming As Real As One’S Shadow

Chapter 1323: Wood Devil, Becoming as Real as One’s Shadow

Meng Wan had accompanied Yan Zhaoge and Fu Yunchi to the Nine Underworlds in the past, searching for Feng Yunsheng.

They had even come across the traces of battle left by the Sword Devil – Yin Shiyang and Yan Zhaoge’s grandfather, the Sword God – Yan Xintang.

“I remember my dad mentioning that the Wood Devil was the only one that never reincarnated among the Six Extinct Devils. He was a top-notch Great Devil that had been existing since the dawn of time.”

Meng Wan had heard of Yan Zhaoge and the others’ explanation about the Twelve Devilish Gods in the past, and still deeply remembered about it.

Fu Yunchi said, “That’s right. The Devil of Fire, the Devil of Aged Metal, the Water Devil, and the Earth Devil had reborn many times. Only the Heart Devil and the Shadow Devil had remained alive since they were born.”

“Although they had received many blows before, the devils can still be reborn even after they perished. As a result, the Great Devils from the Nine Underworlds on par with our Daoist Grand Heavenly Immortals isn’t only restricted to the Six Extinct Devils.”

“Of course, the Six Extinct Devils had always been stronger than other Great Devils. They are only inferior when compared to the Six Ancestral Devils.” Fu Yunchi shook his head, “When the Devil of Aged Metal had just been reborn as the Sword Devil – Yin Shiyang, he had already fought against the Exalted Gold Luminary. In the end, due to him still being in his weakened state, he perished once more.”

“If more time were given to him, he would be able to retrieve the Devil of Aged Metal’s powers very quickly. The horrifying powers that were peerlessly sharp and were capable of massacring the entire world.”

Although the Brocade Emperor didn’t hope for the Devil of Aged Metal to be reborn, he was still sure of the said devil’s strength was superior.

Meng Wan looked at Feng Yunsheng, “Even if the Devil of Aged Metal is so strong, it still experienced perishment more than once. Then, the Wood Devil that had been surviving since it was born…”

Yan Zhaoge continued her sentence, “The condition of the Shadow Devil, also known as the Wood Devil, is special. The fluctuation of its strength is comparatively huge.”

After thinking for a while, he said, “If you want to describe the Shadow Devil’s strength, maybe these words are appropriate to describe it.”

“He tends to match his opponent’s strength. If his opponent is strong, he would be strong, and vice versa.”

Fu Yunchi nodded, “That’s right.”

Although Feng Yunsheng did not inherit the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua’s memories, she had a deeper understanding of the devils after being in the Nine Underworlds for so long. She nodded as well, “Of course, it’s only when he’s fighting against others in the same realm as him. For those who are beneath the Heavenly Immortal Realm, he can oppress them with his cultivation alone.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “Those below the Heavenly Immortal Realm wouldn’t even be able to see through his transformation. Without the ability to differentiate between his true and fake form, they would automatically lose.”

The Shadow Devil was the primitive Wood Devil within the Twelve Devilish Gods. It had been alive since the ancient era until now.

His unique ability was transforming into the appearance of others.

Not only was there no flaws in his transformation, but he could also even clone his target’s cultivation and martial arts. He was able to intimidate everything perfectly.

Which was why he gets stronger upon facing more vigorous opponents, and vice versa.

Against those of the same realm, his combat prowess might be astonishingly high, and it might even be surprisingly low.

However, the Shadow Devil could only transform in front of his opponent and form himself like a shadow.

From the ancient era until now, there had never been a case where the Shadow Devil could take someone’s appearance even without meeting them.

Of course, this didn’t necessarily imply that he was unable to do so. The Shadow Devi was known to be cunning. No one else knew what he would be capable of doing.

The Shadow Devil had been very active since it was born. The main reason he was more challenging to kill than the Heart Devil was solely because of his superior authority.

It was marvelous. He could almost transform into anyone.

According to the legends’ records, the Shadow Devil had taken the form of the head of the Four Imperials of Daoism – the Heaven Reigning Purple Tenuity Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor. He had also transformed into the Demon Race’s Great Sage Who Overturns The Sea – the Saurian Demon King, the Jizo Buddha of Buddhism, and even the first generation Devil of Fire from the Nine Underworlds.

“Our peers cultivate martial arts and comprehend the creation of the world, which is also classified as the laws of nature,” explained Ye Xiwen. “While we’re comprehending the world, we’re also imposing some influence on the world. Then, the laws of the world would give us some feedback.”

“The great part about the Shadow Devil could be that he could come in contact with the feedback of the world’s laws. As a result, he can perform the act of becoming as real as one’s shadow.”

“However, a shadow would always be a shadow. Even if he was able to use various kinds of supreme arts through his transformation, he wasn’t able to truly make those supreme arts his, which prevents it from being passed down.”

“Most people think that he wasn’t able to transform to an existence older than him, or an expert that was above the Heavenly Immortal Realm.”

Yan Zhaoge spread out his hands, “Even so, he’s still very domineering. After all, as the first generation Wood Devil, he is already ancient. There are only a few that’s older and have higher cultivation than him.”

Of course, even if the Shadow Devil managed to become as real as his opponent’s shadow, it didn’t necessarily mean that he couldn’t be countered.

At least, the head of the Grand Clear Later Heaven Five Ultimates, the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana was something that he wasn’t able to replicate.

Although it hadn’t been tested yet, the Shadow Devil most likely wouldn’t be able to replicate the first Jade Clear scripture – the Peerless Heavenly Scripture and the Prime Clear’s final scripture – the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture.

Recently, Suo Mingzhang had proven that his Heavens Severing scripture could cancel the Shadow Devil’s transformation.

If it wasn’t for that, the Shadow Devil might not just leave so decisively.

“These are the problems the Wood Devil would face when going against a bigwig expert in the same realm as him. And now…” Meng Wan looked at Feng Yunsheng with her worried eyes.

Feng Yunsheng smiled slightly, “Can’t help it. Luckily, everyone despises the Nine Underworlds Devils. Even the Wood Devil can’t act too recklessly.”

After chatting for a while longer, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng departed from the Red Lotus Cliff. They exited this space and returned to where the eastern Vast Heaven Territory was located.

The eastern Vast Heaven Territory was now unfolding itself, and the Broad Creed Mountain started operating once more. Everyone in the Broad Creed Mountain was waking up one after another.

Everyone was cultivating by consuming the pill qi and medicinal qi while trying to accommodate their feeling of dread.

The people in the Broad Creed Mountain were comparatively calm.

As someone that witnessed a legend unfold, their confidence for Yan Zhaoge was much firmer compared to others.

“The New Kunlun Nine Luminaries’ bigwig experts had truly caused a glorious era in the past.” Ah Hu intimidated Yan Zhaoge’s action, and touched his chin with his palm, “However, they both had their own agendas.”

“In the end, the Earthly Sovereign remained alone. No one among the Nine Luminaries had the same intentions as him.”

Xiao Ai sat in a lotus position and placed both of her hands on her knee while supporting her chin. She snorted, “Serves him right.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “Strictly speaking. They’re completely on the same side. The only exception would be the Exalted Solar Luminary, the Exalted Lunar Luminary, and the non-existent Exalted Concealed Luminary.”

“Although the Exalted Wood is more biased to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, he still has his way of thinking. His condition is the same as our ancestor – the Exalted Gold Luminary.”

“Moreover, we aren’t sure if Gao Han and Ling Qing would always remain on the same side. This is something that nobody is certain of.”

Even if their goals were the same, it didn’t imply that their execution methods, principles, and techniques would be the same.

It might be different for each of them.