Chapter 1325 - Heretics, Externally But Not Internally

Chapter 1325: Heretics, Externally But Not Internally

“Just as you said, the four Heavenly Immortals which perished by the hands of Senior Suo were legendary figures of our Daoism before the Great Calamity. They should be considered to be quite old.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “If a Virtual Immortal doesn’t have the protection of a stronger expert, they won’t survive the change of an era. Even if they managed to survive the change, a Virtual Immortal only has a yuan’s lifespan. The four of them were already famous during the Investiture of the Gods era.”

A yuan implied one hundred twenty-nine thousand and six hundred years.

However, one wouldn’t achieve such a lifespan with just Five Qis Unification alone. They would need to form at least Two Flowers Converged Crown. Only with that would their natural life force be increased to the limit of a yuan.

As a result, if they did not suffer from any severe injuries, they would enjoy the lifespan of a hundred and twenty-nine thousand and six hundred years.

This was the highest lifespan a Virtual Immortal could possess. Without receiving a murderous tribulation, they could only possibly survive these years without undergoing the change of an era. They wouldn’t be able to break through the upper limits.

The only exception was the Longevity God, who was in charge of the lifespan of humans.

Nature’s laws and the myriad of phenomena happening in the world wouldn’t affect the Longevity God alone. No matter if it were a human of a demon, no matter what kind of martial arts they cultivate, or what kind of pills and medicine they consume, they would never exceed a yuan’s lifespan.

Before the four Immortal Court Grand Heavenly Immortals that died by the hands of Suo Mingzhang joined the heretics, they were all Daoism Heavenly Monarchs.

No matter if it was the Zhao Heavenly Monarch – Zhao Jiang, the Treasure Confinement Heavenly Monarch – Cao Bao, the Sinister Black Star Lord – Gao Jineng, or the Main Smallpox Emerald Cloud Origin Monarch – Yu Hualong, they were all the Heavenly Monarchs during the Investiture of the Gods era.

Although they managed to survive the change of era twice, both due to the Heavenly Court’s Immortal Palace and the Investured Gods’ rankings, time is heartless after all.

“When the four of them became Investured Gods, the situation was a little special,” answered Yan Zhaoge. “They aren’t able to cultivate, and their strength wouldn’t be able to increase any further. The flow of their lifespan became slower as well.”

“However, after they weren’t Investured Gods anymore, everything returned to normal. Only, when they underwent the investiture tribulation, it wounded their vitality greatly. It would influence their remaining lifespan for sure.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “If they only hoped to increase their lifespan through the treasured light imbued with faith power, it would be difficult to do so.”

“Of course, increasing their strength wouldn’t be a problem, even if it wasn’t as strong as them cultivating on their own.”

“Oh?” Feng Yunsheng was a little surprised.

Yan Zhaoge said, “You didn’t inherit the Exalted Rahu Luminary’s memories, and have limited knowledge regarding the Immortal Court. After we returned from the Blessed Lands, we didn’t discuss much about this anymore.”

“Actually, I just need to say this, and you’ll understand. The reason why we refer to the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands as heretics, is mainly because their achievements through cultivation affect them externally, not internally.”

Feng Yunsheng’s current strength and knowledge were already much different compared to the past.

Only, she had a limited amount of knowledge of the Immortal Court heretics. After hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, she instantly understood.

“The reason why our lifespan increases along with cultivation is because our Daoism martial art practitioners have more precise control of our own body. Through constant polishment and discarding of impurities contained within our body, our body would become more refined and delicate while becoming stronger at the same time. With that, we would be able to withstand the corrosion of age for a longer period.”

Feng Yunsheng came to a realization, “The heretic martial art practitioners can’t do things to our level and aren’t able to achieve the same amount of lifespan as us?”

Even if they pushed open the Immortal Door, ceased to be human, and were reborn as an Immortal through Immortal qi’s refinement, it was still considered forcefully changing their bodies.

The amount of polishing, refinement, and precise control they had over their body was just like their understanding of the world’s laws. The knowledge they possessed was too shallow than other Daoism martial art practitioners in the same realm as them.

“Without the influence of the martial arts they cultivated, or the various medicines and treasures they consumed, the average lifespan of a heretic martial art practitioner would be much lower compared to our Three Clear Lineage martial art practitioners. In fact, the difference is huge.” Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “Even if their cultivation realm is higher than us, their lifespan might not even be as long as ours.”

“The Blessed Lands would be slightly stronger. That’s because Buddhist martial arts itself trains their body to be extremely tough and also educates them on the true meaning of the impermanence of life and death.”

“The Dim Radiant Emperor had once said this to a heretic True Immortal.” Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh upon mentioning Yi Tianxia. “He said, ‘Even if you managed to push open the Immortal Door, the one pushing it open isn’t you.’ It might sound contradicting, but it clarified many matters.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Although they ascended to the Immortal Realm and walked in through the Immortal Door, the one being brought inside lacks the experience that one would acquire by walking in themselves.”

“It’s not entirely unbeneficial either,” said Yan Zhaoge peacefully. “Just like Heavenly Monarch Zhao and the others, they managed to pass the Origin Heavenly Tribulation. Even if they didn’t become everlasting like our orthodox Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal, their strength would experience an improvement.”

“Of course, this isn’t the main point either. After all, they still can’t compare their strength to our orthodox Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortals. Most importantly, after they manage to form the Three Flowers Converged Crown, and transform all of their Immortal Essence into Immortal Splendour, the Immortal Essence of a Grand Virtual Immortal wouldn’t be able to harm them at all.”

It was difficult for a Virtual Immortal to harm a Grand Heavenly Immortal.

This was also why Zhao Jiang, Gao Jineng, and the others besieged Suo Mingzhang, who was still in the Virtual Immortal Realm at that time, with such confidence.

If the situation called for it, they could even block Suo Mingzhang’s attacks with their own body and use the chance to kill him.

Compared to when they were still Virtual Immortals, the situation was naturally different.

From a different perspective, even if their lifespan experienced no changes, the possibility of encountering a deadly situation would decrease drastically. To a certain extent, they had increased their lifespan drastically as well.

The difference between Immortal Realm experts of different realms was like the distance of a chasm to the heavens. The difference was insurmountably huge.

“Even if they would eventually face the end of their lifespan, it still holds its benefits.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “There’s no everlasting and unbounded existence among the Grand Heavenly Immortal heretics.”

“If it’s a Virtual Immortal raised by a heretic lineage and managed to pass the Origin Heavenly Tribulation, their lifespan will still increase. After all, their lifespan is already low enough to begin with.”

After contemplating for a while, Feng Yunsheng said, “If one is gravely wounded, and their vitality is damaged greatly, their lifespan will decline, and become less than a normal person. If they join the heretics, and their cultivation increases, they may have a chance to recover their lost lifespan.”

“That’s right; they may have a chance. But…” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “… Only if they have a deep understanding of the heretics, would they be clear of these principles. If they barely know anything, it will be inevitable for them to be tricked.”

“Hehe, if they fell for the heretic’s tricks, it will be impossible for them to escape.”

As for the Immortal Court universe’s original citizens, they had always been receiving the education of the heretics. There was no need to mention them.

“Although I disapprove of the heretics, the speed of their cultivation, as well as the hopes of breaking through to achieve higher strength, would certainly give people hope. The people that joined them would gain something by sacrificing something else, which is why I’m not surprised by the Heavenly Monarch Zhao and the others.”

The smile on Yan Zhaoge’s face disappeared, “I just have some doubts.”

“Let’s not talk about the Maitreya Buddha first. If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord used this method to reach the Grand Heavenly Realm,” said Yan Zhaoge softly. “What would he do to seek improvement?”