Chapter 1324 - The Exalted Earth Luminary Who Felt Terrible

Chapter 1324: The Exalted Earth Luminary Who Felt Terrible

Although Yan Zhaoge was in opposition with Jiang Shen, Yan Zhaoge would also feel exhausted being in the position of Jiang Shen.

The Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han was Jiang Shen’s number one antagonist in the past.

The Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua was famous for doing everything herself and doing it the way she pleased. She would cause havoc anytime she wanted to.

The Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing rarely makes an appearance in public and seemed like her relationship was better with Gao Han and Jian Shunhua. However, according to the rumors, she was a woman with her way of thinking. Even though she acted according to Gao Han, Gao Han wouldn’t dare to proclaim that he could control her actions.

The Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang was a lone person and preferred to do things on his own. Comparatively, he had a much more passive temperament and was more interested in cultivating.

Jiang Shen wouldn’t have to worry about Suo Mingzhang having any ideas. On the contrary, no one would be able to instruct Suo Mingzhang at all.

The only exception might be the Exalted Wood – Shao Junhuang. And yet, Shao Junhuang had opposed Jiang Shen’s way of thinking.

The Exalted Gold Luminary – Yan Xintang was just like his sword. Just like how his sword wouldn’t allow itself to be bent, Yan Xintang would never work under anyone. As his sword would rather break, he would rather die than doing so. Sometimes, Yan Xintang would even be more problematic than Gao Han and Shao Junhuang.

The Exalted Water Luminary – Chen Xuanzong was the calmest person in the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries. Due to his easygoing personality, he never cared about anything and wasn’t biased towards anyone.

He was still interested in bringing the orthodox Daoism back to its prime. Only, he wasn’t biased to neither the North Star Emperor nor the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

However, he was still a good friend of the Exalted Gold Luminary – Yan Xintang. In the past, he joined the World beyond Worlds establishment because Yan Xintang contacted him.

Just like how Shao Junhuang might influence Suo Mingzhang, Yan Xintang would always influence his decision.

When Yan Xintang perished, Chen Xuanzong finally became unbiased once more. Whenever Jiang Shen asked him for help, he would help if he could. Of course, he wouldn’t just put in all his efforts for helping Jiang Shen, or even sacrifice his life.

Naturally, there was no need to mention about the Exalted Concealed Luminary.

Yan Zhaoge felt that whenever Jiang Shen remembered that Concealed Sovereign, he would feel terrible in his heart.

There were many talented people in the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries in the past. They kindled the era after the Great Calamity and became the first light of the Daoism’s reappearance.

However, one tends to have a strong opinion, the more talented they are. Hence, making them troublesome to deal with. They each had their way of thinking, which led to them splitting up with each other.

Although it was a pity, it was something destined to happen.

“People like the Exalted Earth Luminary might think back to his actions, but he definitely won’t be swayed that easily.” Yan Zhaoge swung his hand, “Although we’re not on the same side as him, I’ll have to admit that he is an extraordinarily resolute person. After all, he has been through so many ups and downs. The lonelier and helpless one was, the more resolute they would become.”

Ah Hu chuckled, “After being tricked by the Exalted Solar Luminary like that, would he be so suspicious of everyone that we wouldn’t trust anyone anymore?”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “That’s hard to say.”

After conversing and joking for a while, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai continued sitting in a lotus position and went on with consuming the pill qi’s essence to cultivate.

Yan Zhaoge went to take a walk with Feng Yunsheng by the forest.

“Although I’ve been to the Buddhist’s Blessed Lands universe together with you before, and we even went to the Obscured Way World, I wouldn’t have known the existence of the Immortal Court without my previous adventure in the Nine Underworlds,” said Feng Yunsheng as she let out a sigh. “That Immeasurable Heavenly Lord as well. It bewildered me.”

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes slightly, “There might be many kinds of reasons involved, which relates to their origins. The clues we hold are limited. No matter how much we guess, it would be pointless.”

He said softly, “Many things that we aren’t sure of had happened during the Great Calamity.”

After a short pause, Yan Zhaoge added, “Actually, we aren’t sure of many kinds of things even by now. We can only guess what had happened.”

“Just like the White Deer Demon’s appearance, with the strength comparable to or Daoism’s Heavenly Monarch Realm. The ones that accompanied him to search for the Pill Hall wasn’t only the White Face Fox Clan alone. There was even the Jade Face Fox Clan and the Bull Demon. This vaguely hints that the White Deer Demon might not be the only one coming out of seclusion.”

Instead, the Demon Race, which had remained low-key after the Journey to the West Era, had finished conditioning themselves. Their entire race started making a move quietly.

“The Immortal Court, the Blessed Lands. There’s even the Demon Race’s reappearance. The situation has become messy now,” said Yan Zhaoge. “Even if everyone despises the Nine Underworlds, some faction might even work together with them temporarily.”

No one had ever ignored the existence of the Nine Underworlds.

Even during the difficult era brought upon by the Great Calamity, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor had never forgotten about the Nine Underworlds before.

Otherwise, the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua wouldn’t have made her move.

But, Yan Zhaoge wasn’t confident whether she had been aiming for the Doomsday Heavenly Devil since the beginning, or if she had a change of plans.

Feng Yunsheng nodded silently, “Speaking of the Nine Underworlds…”

“When the heretics cultivate, they would borrow the treasured light and the Buddha light. Not only would it improve their speed of cultivation…” She stopped her steps and faced Yan Zhaoge, “… In fact, they can even ascend to a height unobtainable through self-cultivation.”

Yan Zhaoge also stopped walking and nodded, “That’s right. Its effect differs from everyone. The more mundane one is, the more effective it will be for them.”

This wasn’t based on Suo Mingzhang, Chen Xuanzong, and Yue Zhenbei’s explanation alone. When Yan Zhaoge went to find Suo Mingzhang in the past, he had secretly infiltrated the Immortal Court and passed by numerous worlds within.

When he first arrived at the Blessed Lands of Buddhism, other than the Obscured Way World, he had passed by many worlds within the Blessed Lands as well, in search of the pathway to return to the Dao universe.

Yan Zhaoge had personally come in contact with numerous heretic martial art practitioners with different levels of cultivation. Along with the texts that recorded the Buddhist martial art practitioners’ conditions before the Great Calamity, he was already sure of his assumption.

When one can only reach the Martial Saint Tenth Realm no matter how hard they cultivate, they would have a chance to push open the Immortal Door if they joined the heretics.

As for those that could only reach the Martial Grandmaster Tenth Realm, not only would they have a chance to ascend to the Martial Saint Realm, they might even achieve better results by joining the heretics.

Of course, it wouldn’t be better by a large margin. Only, if their original foundations were weak, the increase in their cultivation would be comparatively higher.

“I still remember the havoc caused by the Decimating Abyss group in the Eight Extremities World very clearly.” Feng Yunsheng reminisced, “Many senior experts among them had joined the Devils’ path and failed when they were on the verge of succeeding.”

“The reason why they were allured by the Nine Underworld’s Decimating Abyss and nurtured their devil intent was because their life force was about to end soon, and they had no more hopes of improving. To escape death, they chose to join the devils and take the risk to break through their cultivation. With that, their life force would increase as well.”

Feng Yunsheng frowned slightly, “Do you think anyone would willingly join the heretics and accept illumination for this?”