Chapter 1320 - The Art Of Severing Feeling’S Parasitism

Chapter 1320: The Art of Severing Feeling’s Parasitism

“Speaking of Exalted Solar Luminary and Concealed Sovereign…” Yue Zhenbei looked at Yan Zhaoge, “In the past, Fu Jinxiu was forced to face tribulation because of the Concealed Sovereign, which is also the Exalted Solar Luminary.

“I remember you mentioning this before. If Fu Jinxiu walked the feeling path, the Exalted Solar Luminary might know the method of allowing him to improve.”

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor had perished under Mars Halberd. Among the two Brocade Emperors, only the White-clothed Brocade Emperor remained.

Now, there was no more Black-clothed or White-clothed. Only one Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi remained in the world.

The Ingenious Flying Peak lineage’s cave manor had left the World beyond Worlds, and left the Dao universe along with Yan Zhaoge.

Among them, the Red Lotus Cliff was the one in the lead. There was no need to mention the Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi’s intentions.

Although Yan Zhaoge had caused him to separate into two, Fu Yunchi was still grateful to Yan Zhaoge for turning him back as one.

With this gratitude in his heart, it directed his choice, which ultimately caused him to leave the World beyond Worlds.

However, a problem still lay ahead.

After experiencing cultivation deviation, how would he rewalk the righteous path, and continue striving forward in the path of martial Dao?

If he wanted to walk the unfeeling path, his future pathway would be obvious.

Erase Fu Ting and Meng Wan’s existence, acquire the Taiyi Fist, and refine the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

He would then be the natural enemy of Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di. Neither side would allow each other to survive.

However, if he walked the feeling path, his pathway would be unclear.

However, as the one who started it all, the Concealed Sovereign, also known as the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han would most likely have a way of rehabilitating him.

After all, his wish was to cut off all the internal influence that the Immortal Court had towards the World beyond Worlds, as well as the Dao universe. He didn’t have any personal grudge against Fu Yunchi and wasn’t intending to destroy Fu Yunchi’s future pathways.

His way of rehabilitation might be prepared for when the Brocade Emperor decides to walk the feeling path.

After all, when he was plotting against the Brocade Emperor, the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud had yet to appear in the world. He wasn’t sure when it would appear as well.

With Gao Han’s personality, he most likely wouldn’t choose something that has too many variables.

Gao Han might have a solution for the current Brocade Emperor’s problems.

After the Brocade Emperor himself had understood the situation, he was very well aware of it. However, he ultimately decided to leave together with Yan Zhaoge.

While his rashful emotions might cause it, it was also related to his current state of mind. This could also be considered fate playing tricks with him.

“According to my guess, this is the story,” said Yan Zhaoge as he was pondering. “While I might not have any ideas previously, I have acquired some after knowing that the Exalted Concealed Luminary was the Exalted Solar Luminary’s clone.”

“Oh?” Yue Zhenbei looked at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge said, “When I was venturing outside, I had acquired an incomplete version of the Taiji Yin Yang Palm. You knew about it as well.”

“Other than the incomplete version of the Taiji Yin Yang Palm, there were other kinds of ancient texts that originated from before the Great Calamity. They aren’t any supreme martial arts texts, and are merely just something someone else wrote.”

Yue Zhenbei nodded slightly without interrupting.

Yan Zhaoge continued, “Among some of their strokes, they casually mentioned a kind of Grand Clear lineage’s martial art, which they referred to as “Severing Feeling’s Parasitism.” During that time, I ignored it. However, thinking back about it, the Exalted Solar Luminary’s plan might have been this.”

“Severing Feeling’s Parasitism,” Yue Zhenbei repeated.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right.”

This Severing Feeling’s Parasitism was a secret art created by a Grand Clear lineage expert before the Great Calamity.

The Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Martial Repository did not record the details of this art. It was only mentioned among some texts.

Roughly speaking, it was a method of refining clones.

One could tell that Gao Han used the Jade Clear Lineage’s legacies in refining the Exalted Concealed Luminary’s clone. However, it was merely weird for no one to realize it.

Relating the Brocade Emperor’s matters together, Yan Zhaoge suspected that Gao Han might have acquired this Grand Clear secret art by chance.

When he refined his clone, he also did some reference checks.

It was the reason why he was able to be so confident when tricking the Brocade Emperor. He had his methods of rehabilitating.

“If there is such a secret art, it would be a great help to rebuild Fu Jinxiu’s future pathway.” After pondering for a while, Yue Zhenbei said slowly, “Severing Feeling’s Parasitism is equivalent to successfully reacquiring feelings, and forgetting them again.”

With this, when the Brocade Emperor returns to his previous dao of grand forgetfulness state, it would be considered his righteous path. Compared to the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor improving using the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, the Brocade Emperor’s improvements might be much more remarkable by a few margins.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s what I figured as well.”

Yue Zhenbei pondered, “Fu Jinxiu had made a little too much sacrifice with his choice this time.”

“After I push open the Immortal Door, I’ll try some stuff. We might have a chance to turn the situation over,” said Yan Zhaoge as he looked at Yue Zhenbei’s calm gaze. “I have already accumulated all the Grand Clear Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations supreme arts. Only that, I have yet to study and cultivate some of them, due to the limitations of time and stamina.”

“After I have a deeper understanding of the Grand Clear supreme martial arts, it might be possible to derive the Severing Feeling’s Parasitism together with the Brocade Emperor. After all, I already know of the general idea. The thing I’m lacking is the thought process regarding the details.”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “Speaking of it, please don’t scold me for being disloyal. Don’t think that I cultivate the Grand Clear supreme martial arts because it’s easier to learn than the Jade Clear’s supreme martial arts.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Yue Zhenbei’s serious face displayed a slightly weird expression. He didn’t know whether to laugh or to scold Yan Zhaoge.

In the end, he could only shake his head helplessly, “Others cultivate all pathways of the Three Clear lineage because they have lofty goals. As for you, it fits your talents, so it doesn’t matter.”

“You praise me too much,” said Yan Zhaoge as he smiled shamelessly.

After chatting with Yue Zhenbei a little while longer, the two left the Purple Divine Pavilion together. They walked around slowly within the Pill Hall’s cosmos and walked towards the sea of lights.

The sea of light was already slowly expanding. However, the boundaries were still blurry and were hard to stabilize.

Within the light sea, the various territories extracted from the World beyond Worlds were slowly recovering. The territories were separated into independent territories, and they weren’t connected. This was because the boundaries have yet to be divided yet.

The various people that were gathered by the World beyond Worlds previously were now separated as well. They returned to the space where their sect was located.

The mortals were still in a state of unawareness. As for the martial art practitioners with lower cultivation, most of them were beginning to regain their senses.

As Yan Zhaoge currently held control over the Pill Hall, he was naturally able to pass through any space within.

Previously, he had sent Feng Yunsheng to the space where the Cloud Pavilion Mountain’s Profound Remnant Locale was located and had also woke Guan Yuluo up in advance.

Currently, Yue Zhenbei was walking to where the Jade Capital Crag was located on his own. After Yan Zhaoge fetched Feng Yunsheng, they both headed towards the Red Lotus Cliff together.

Yan Zhaoge was prepared to talk to Fu Ting and He Xixing. After meeting Guan Yuluo, Feng Yunsheng also wanted to meet Meng Wan and other people from her sect – the Broad Creed Mountain.

“Mr. Zeng and the others are taking care of Yuluo.” After meeting up with each other, Feng Yunsheng said with a simple tone. Her emotions seemed to be still stable.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge did not mention the matter any further. He mentioned other matters to divert her attention, “Oh, right. I saw the very first message you left in the Nine Underworlds.”