Chapter 1329 - Pure Lands And The Blessed Lands Of Saha

Chapter 1329: Pure Lands and the Blessed Lands of Saha

After all the Great Devils left, the cave manor’s owner sat down and sunk into deep thoughts alone.

After a while, he summoned a boy servant to his front and ordered him, “Go to the Hundred Eyes’ cave manor and tell his on-duty disciple to relay Hundred Eyes himself. Tell him to come over to my cave manor for a drink after he finished refining his divine pills.”

The boy servant bowed and left. The cave manor’s owner then stared at the sky and was slightly in a daze, “Pill Hall, ah…”

Just like how everyone had predicted, an unavoidable war was declared.

Although Suo Mingzhang did not show himself, the rumors said that he did not perish by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s hands.

The Future Buddha had indeed given the Immortal Court quite an amount of time. However, they wouldn’t just sit there waiting forever.

For bigwig experts of their level, thousands of years were just a short amount of time. However, even during a short amount of time, they could do many things, more than what a mortal could imagine.

Very quickly, a large number of troops had invaded the land of the Immortal Court.

Although the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had given up hunting Suo Mingzhang down and was residing in the Immortal Court, the Future Buddha was there to hold him back.

Outside of the battle between the two leading figures, the outcome of the battle was quickly decided.

In the past, the battle between the two sides was somewhat equal, even if a side was slightly weaker. However, this time, the balance of strength between the two sides had already fallen apart.

Before the war broke out, the Immortal Court had already received an enormous blow. They could only retract their manpower and focus solely on defending. However, they were still forced to retreat.

Contrary to the wars they fought in the past, the balance of strength between the two sides was already long gone. Other than that, there were also forces of other factions surfacing and joining into the war.

The Immortal Court had already contacted some assistance long ago, but their enemies did the same.

The battle involved a considerable amount of different parties and became more and more intense.

In the past, the war between the heretics would usually last for a few years, or even more than ten years. The battle would end when one side obtains a victorious accomplishment, or if the two sides didn’t feel like fighting any longer.

Under such circumstances, no matter if it was the Dao universe, or Yan Zhaoge and the others who were by the void’s outskirts, it was an excellent opportunity for them to develop.

As time passes, the pill qi within the Pill Hall’s cosmos became less dense. The outline of the borders and the laws of each world’s space were slowly stabilizing, slowly reaching perfection.

Although the entire cosmos still wasn’t stable enough, the citizens within each world were getting more and more comfortable.

Everything seemed to have returned to how it looked like in the Dao universe in the past.

During the following years, Yan Zhaoge cultivated while refining the Pill Hall, stabilizing the Pill Hall’s cosmos.

However, he did not completely isolate himself from the outside world.

Yan Zhaoge was still interested in the progress of the war.

After all, even if he was hiding by the void’s outskirts, the changes in the situation were still closely related to him.

It was tough for him to inquire about the war. No matter if it was Yan Zhaoge, the Sword Sovereign, Feng Yunsheng, or the others, they were all characters of utmost importance in the heretics’ eyes.

If they were to show themselves, they would receive close attention. In fact, they might even squeeze out a small group of people to kill Yan Zhaoge and the others.

Fortunately, Yan Zhaoge and the others could contact the Roving Jade Heavens and obtain their news source regarding the situation’s changes.

Although the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens might be under other people’s surveillance, the heretics would have to shift their focus towards the war, especially when it was getting more intense.

Which gave Yan Zhaoge and the others an opportunity.

Only, the news they received was beyond their expectations.

“Pure Lands of the West…” muttered Yan Zhaoge.

The Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi, who Yan Zhaoge instructed to go to the Roving Jade Heavens, nodded, “That’s right, the West’s Pure Lands!”

Everyone else looked at each other.

In the past, the Western Pure Lands shocked the entire world, and their reputation was even higher than the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

The lord of the Pure Lands was one of the most ancient top-notch bigwig experts – Amitabha!

After entering the Journey to the West era, the reputation of the Pure Lands slowly died down. The central Blessed Lands of Saha then took over, and the Great Thunderclap Monastery became the symbol of the Western Heavens.

After the Journey to the West era ended, the Mystical Mountain’s Buddha – the Gautama Buddha underwent illumination, which resulted in the Maitreya Buddha descending upon, and becoming the new lord of the central Blessed Lands of Saha. He slowly changed the method of Buddhism cultivation, and the disciples of Buddhism gradually forgot about the Pure Lands. They only heard of the Future Buddha’s name and frequently chanted, “please descend upon the South, o’ Maitreya Buddha.” The name of the Pure Lands was even buried because of this.

A majority of the world assumed that the various Buddhas of the Pure Lands had entered the Blessed Lands of Saha.

As for Amitabha, he was a top-notch existence, and no one could predict his actual condition.

Some legends said that Amitabha had already undergone illumination before the Gautama Buddha. They claimed that Amitabha had already perished. Some tales even told that Amitabha had secluded along with the entire Pure Lands. According to the legends, they were residing by nothingness and would never part from tranquility. They wouldn’t meddle with the world’s affairs, and no one in the world could find him.

There were many versions of the myths. Everything was too messy, and it was hard to tell whether they were real or fake.

The whereabouts of the world’s few top-notch bigwigs became a mystery, and myths about them were spread everywhere.

The Three Clear’s Grand Master and the Mystical Mountain’s Buddha had both been transcended, and the Primordial Heaven Devil had perished. As for the others, no one was sure of what had happened.

They might have purposely created an illusion of what happened to them and mask the truth from those beneath their cultivation realm for some kind of plot.

Some said they were the instigators of the rumors.

The Future Buddha reorganized the doctrines of the Blessed Lands of Saha and caused Buddhism to become prosperous in the human realm. As time passes, their reputation became more and more stable. This was the same, no matter if it was before or after the Great Calamity.

However, the sudden emergence of the Pure Lands’ experts caused a ruckus to happen.

“Are they new disciples, or are there any Buddhism bigwigs that were famous in the past among them?” The Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong looked at Fu Yunchi and slowly asked.

He was frozen within the land of tranquil streams for more than a thousand years. Naturally, he wouldn’t be as well informed as Gao Han, Ling Qing, and Jiang Shen, who had been outside.

“There is!” said Fu Yunchi in a deep voice as he nodded. “There’s Bhante Baixiong.”

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his gaze, “The disciple of the Dipankara Buddha… A Buddhist expert within the central Blessed Lands of Saha in the past…”

Fu Yunchi said, “That’s right. He was the only Bhante of Buddhism of the previous era that we were able to identify. I’m afraid that there might be some that are even stronger.”

It wasn’t easy for the Roving Jade Heavens to inquire about the battle. After all, it would be impossible for them to get close to where the war was happening.

“I’m more interested in two things…” said Yan Zhaoge faintly. “First, how’s the Amitabha Buddha now?”

Amitabha Buddha, the religious head of the Western Religion of Buddhism during the Investitures Gods era. He was also referred to as the Guide.

Before the heavens were split open in the primordial era, he had transformed into the Faceless Heavenly Devil. He occupied the position of the Ancestral Devil and severed the fate of the devilish Dao.

While he was the most ancient being, he was also the strongest existence ever to exist. In fact, he was someone that went head-to-head against the Daoist Three Clear Grand Master!

After the Investitures of the Gods era, the Amitabha Buddha’s reputation and the Pure Lands’ reputation slowly declined and even disappeared entirely during the Journey to the West era. This was already one of the world’s largest mysteries.

With the Pure Lands’ reemergence, rather than saying Yan Zhaoge and the others were shocked, they were even more curious and felt something weighing down on their heart.

Only that the weight had not come crashing down upon their hearts.

Whether the Amitabha Buddha was present or not was two entirely different circumstances.