Chapter 1326 - The Immortal Door That Gradually Became Clearer

Chapter 1326: The Immortal Door that Gradually Became Clearer

“Improve…?” muttered Feng Yunsheng, repeating Yan Zhaoge’s words.

If a bigwig expert managed to achieve such heights, who wouldn’t be willing to step forward and enjoy a much glorious view?

“Not just the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord alone,” said Yan Zhaoge slowly. “ Although the Immortal Court had lost four Grand Heavenly Immortals, there are still others who managed to pass the Origin Heavenly Tribulation because of him. However, how would they experience improvement?”

“How about the Buddhist martial arts practitioners in the Blessed Lands, compared to our Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm?”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze became deep, “They aren’t like our orthodox Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal, and aren’t an everlasting existence like the Gautama Buddha of the Mystical Mountain in the past, which shares the same lifespan as the world.”

“They’re just like our Three Clear lineage’s Heavenly Monarchs. An upper-limit to their lifespan exists.”

Feng Yunsheng pondered for a moment and said, “Many guesses wouldn’t be proven true unless it truly happened. Even if it were mentioned to someone among the heretics, it would be hard to shake their views.”

“No matter if it’s through their accumulated hard work, or if they relied on external luck,” said Yan Zhaoge. “If one wanted to win, there would be two simple ways. Either you weaken the opponent, or you increase your strength.”

“Now, Senior Suo bought us the opportunity to develop ourselves. The heretics lost their balance in strength, and a huge war is about to happen. They won’t have the time to make things hard for us. This is the perfect opportunity to work hard to increase our strength.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Naturally.”

For Yan Zhaoge and the others, time and tide waits for no man. Time itself was too precious.

If they were given enough time, they would eventually become an important figure.

The only contradiction was their lack of time.

Their opponents definitely wouldn’t just let them develop freely and would suppress them.

Therefore, Yan Zhaoge and the others required detailed planning. They would utilize the chance to increase the chances of victory for their side.

Yan Zhaoge watched Feng Yunsheng sitting in a lotus position by the Pill Hall’s cosmic void, and started meditating. After conditioning his own body, Yan Zhaoge sat at the opposite side of her.

However, Yan Zhaoge did not immediately start meditating.

His gaze became erratic. He looked around and swept his gaze around the boundless and vast universe within the hall.

The Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall in the past had now fallen under his control.

The memories of him obtaining the Pill Hall and coming in contact with the hall spirit – Awakened Sky flashed across his mind once more, which made him recall the times before the Great Calamity.

The memories of him in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Martial Repository.

His encounter with the North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor, Heavenly Monarch Zhao, and the others made him even more emotional.

Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to have a conversation with them. As a result, he could only bury these questions deep in his heart.

Heavenly Monarch Zhao, the Main Smallpox Emerald Cloud Origin Monarch, and the others were negligible. However, the North Star Emperor was one of the few top-notch bigwigs in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

Yan Zhaoge might find answers to numerous questions of his.

Similarly, there was also the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. He was someone much older than the North Star Emperor.

He was the actual disciple of the Jade Clear Grand Master – the Primordial Heavenly Lord. He was also one of the few Jade Clear lineage bigwigs that entered the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace without being an Investured God.

He had lived through the Investitures of the Gods era, the Journey to the West era, and was still alive even in the current era. The amount of information he held might be even more than the North Star Emperor.

“Hoo…” Yan Zhaoge let out a long sigh. He sorted out his emotions and calmed his heart down.

He retracted his gaze and stopped staring at the void any longer. Instead, he started to meditate as well.

No one had ever walked the path of cultivating the Three Clear lineage’s martial arts. Every single advancement he made requires constant venturing and experimenting.

After cultivating for so long, the biggest hurdle slowly became clearer and more apparent in front of his eyes.

Even when walking the usual path, pushing open the Immortal Door was a tough hurdle to overcome. The difficulty would increase tremendously for him, especially when he’s walking a new path.

Therefore, even with Yan Zhaoge’s capabilities, he had to be exceptionally careful. Other than the dangers he would have to face by challenging the Immortal Mortal Tribulation, he had to build the foundations for his future pathway patiently.

Now that Suo Mingzhang damaged the Immortal Court’s overall strength, and Buddhism’s war was about to happen, Yan Zhaoge finally had the time to cultivate quietly.

After residing in the Pill Hall for the past few days, he had slowly gained some new insights.

Now, he wanted to polish these insights and turn them into actual strategies.

Yan Zhaoge lightly closed his eyes and entered a trance state, which was the most beneficial for cultivating.

…………

While Yan Zhaoge was maneuvering the Pill Hall to take numerous worlds away from the Dao universe and was floating about in the boundless void, someone else was also traversing through the vast void’s outskirts.

A bright cold moonlight flashed across the dark space.

After traversing through layers of space, the bright moonlight suddenly stopped.

A frigid full moon slowly hung by the darkness, illuminating its surrounding void.

A silhouette appeared from where the radiance reached. It was a white-shirt teenager.

The teenager had pale white skin and seemed to be whiter than his clothes. His mentality seemed to be fatigued. Only, his gaze was calm, and no sense of defeat was written within.

It was the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han.

The moonlight of the frigid full moon became dim as if the darkness devoured it.

Although the moonlight was dim, a woman still walked out from it, which caused the world to radiate slightly.

“We almost succeeded.” Gao Han stared at the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing walking towards him, and shook his head in pity.

Ling Qing’s expression remained unchanged. She calmly replied, “We weren’t successful because Jian Shunhua made a blunder. Instead, the lady that Jian Shunhua wanted to use for her to be reborn had obtained the authority of a Great Devil.”

She glanced at Gao Han, “It’s not the Devil of Aged Metal, but… it’s the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.”

“Doomsday Heavenly Devil…” Gao Han raised his head slightly as if he was thinking about something.

Ling Qing was already used to this. She did not continue questioning him, nor did she rush him.

After Gao Han came back to his senses, she did not inquire further about the matters of the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua, as if she had already forgotten about it, “How’re your wounds?”

“A flower was taken away from me, and I lost half of my life.” After contemplating for a while, Gao Han said once more, “I almost died there.”

Ling Qing said calmly, “If it wasn’t for Daoist Suo being benevolent, you might have lost your life.”

Gao Han smiled slightly, “Just like what Senior Suo had said, I needed to pay the price for borrowing his assistance. Only, I paid the price but failed in the end. Everything had gone to waste.”

“Since we failed, the North Star Emperor would put up his guard against us. It would be harder for our plan to succeed in the future,” said Ling Qing.

“That’s fine, let’s slowly find our opportunity in the future,” said Gao Han in a carefree manner. “When I was awaiting your return, I came in contact with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. He told me one thing that I hadn’t known of in the past, which truly resolved various questions that I previously had.”