Chapter 1321 - It Wasn’T Just Me Who Saw It

Chapter 1321: It Wasn’t Just Me Who Saw It

Feng Yunsheng laughed upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, “You saw it? Thank god! To be frank, I didn’t hold high hopes during that time. Some words were stuck in my throat, and I had to say it out no matter what.”

“Originally, I planned to enter the land of tranquil streams to train myself. I never thought of entering the Nine Underworlds at first. Everything happened because of coincidence.”

“With that departure, I caused the accident, which is the Exalted Rahu Luminary. If even I didn’t expect it, you naturally wouldn’t as well.”

“I know that if I do not return, you will come to find me. However, information about me had stopped flowing around for so many years, and the Nine Underworlds is so vast. It’s not easy to find a clue related to me.”

Feng Yunsheng sighed, “Alas, the message was finally seen by the person I wanted to see the most. That’s great!”

She looked at yan Zhaoge with her gentle gaze, “The best thing is, I’ve succeeded. I’ve successfully returned. I managed to meet you again, and I managed to meet my masters again.”

“So, can we finally fulfill our promise?” Yan Zhaoge teased her, “You wouldn’t have forgotten the contents of your message, right? Yeah, after we come back, we shall…”

Feng Yunsheng suddenly laughed, “Why do you always become so improper out of the blue.”

She looked at Yan Zhaoge, “I have no problems with it. The one that has problems right now is you.”

Yan Zhaoge lowered his head, “What problems do I have?”

“I remember someone saying that my body is fragile and that I cannot withstand any kinds of attacks,” said Feng Yunsheng as she narrowed her eyes with her laughter. “Now, the situation seems like it’s going to change.”

Yan Zhaoge blinked.

Feng Yunsheng’s eyes became as curvy as a crescent moon, “If I always keep my calm and self-control, wouldn’t it be too boring? However, if I were to be too into it, you might have to do a “太” pose…”

Thinking back to when the two of them were joking with each other, and the difference of the “太” position and the “木” position, Yan Zhaoge’s expression instantly darkened.

“Hey, hey, that’s too much!” He puffed his eyes out, and “stared angrily” at Feng Yunsheng.

Feng Yunsheng continued chuckling.

Yan Zhaoge suddenly laughed as well as he was looking at her. His smile seemed eerie, “Actually, there’s another way. If you remain calm and restrain yourself, there would be more details, which would make it more interesting.

Seeing his smile, Feng Yunsheng had a bad feeling. As she noticed where Yan Zhaoge was looking, she immediately understood what he meant, which made her both annoyed and amused at the same time.

She was neither feeling ashamed nor angry. Instead, she placed her hands by her waist, “You’re entertained, and yet I’m left hanging. How can I allow that?”

Feng Yunsheng knew what Yan Zhaoge was going to say, and glared at him. Her gaze fell upon Yan Zhaoge’s hand, “Don’t say that it’s with your “five maidens” [1]. Don’t say it like I don’t have them as well.”

“Besides, if we held a grudge against each other during our first night together, don’t you think that it’s a pity?”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “Actually, that’s fine as well. Look, since we left a deep impression, there would be a deeper yearning for it.”

Feng Yunsheng didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when looking at him, “When I left the World beyond Worlds, you were already the well-known Fallen Deity. How can you still be so naughty? If others saw it, they might immediately betray and run back to the World beyond Worlds.”

“Of course, I wouldn’t show this side to others,” said Yan Zhaoge indifferently.

Feng Yunsheng felt helpless against him. Her finger pointed at him, “Gosh, you…”

While her tone sounded like she was scowling, her heart was feeling incredibly tender.

This is my man…

To meet him once more, I forced myself to endure, which allowed me to defeat that horrifyingly strong Exalted Rahu Luminary…

“Oh, right. Someone else saw it too…” Yan Zhaoge suddenly remembered something, and the corners of his mouth raised, “It’s a little bit of a pity. I wasn’t the only one that saw the message you left behind.”

Feng Yunsheng was taken aback for a moment.

Yan Zhaoge extended his hand and placed it in front of her. First, he curled his thumb, “Brocade Emperor.”

Feng Yunsheng, “Ah?”

Yan Zhaoge then curled his index finger, “Myriad Emperor, Encompassing Emperor.”

Feng Yunsheng, “Ugh…”

Yan Zhaoge then curled his middle finger, “Lastly, your close friend. Junior apprentice-sister Meng, Meng Wan of the Sacred Sun Sect.”

“…” Feng Yunsheng was left speechless.

Feng Yunsheng, who didn’t even frown when discussing indecent stuff with Yan Zhaoge, was now filled with a blush on her face.

When she was fighting against the Exalted Rahu Luminary, she was able to remain alive after almost dying. As she wasn’t confident about how her future would turn out, she couldn’t contain her emotions any longer. Even if she knew that others might see it, she couldn’t stop herself from writing the message.

To a certain extent, Feng Yunsheng left that message with the intention of making it her will.

Now that all the problems were solved, and she wasn’t in danger anymore, she naturally felt embarrassed when thinking back about it.

After hearing how Yan Zhaoge had personally seen the message himself, Feng Yunsheng felt both happy and relieved.

However, while Yan Zhaoge had seen the message, not only he was present during that time.

Thinking back to the message she wrote, and how it was seen by others, especially her good friend – Meng Wan, she instantly felt like digging a hole to bury herself within.

After all, she was still a fine lady.

Especially now, when the two of them were preparing to visit Meng Wan…

Thinking of it, Feng Yunsheng instantly looked at Yan Zhaoge with a pitiful expression.

“Don’t look at me like that. That’s cheating.” Yan Zhaoge rarely got to see her acting like this. He couldn’t stop himself from touching her head, “It’s too different from your usual self. You’re too “moe”.”

Feng Yunsheng pushed his hand away angrily, “Don’t look like you’re looking at a doll.”

“Also, what does “moe” mean?”

“I’ll slowly tell you about it.”

As the two were conversing while laughing, they slowly reached the space where the Red Lotus Cliff was located.

Feng Yunsheng and Meng Wan had not seen each other for a very long time. After the two met each other, they were naturally extraordinarily happy.

Without accounting for the different speed where time flows in different spaces and calculating using the World beyond Worlds’ time, the two of them had been separated for almost twenty years.

Ever since Meng Wan was taken away by Zhuang Chaohui in the Southeast Yang Heaven Territory’s Royal Reed Sea, the two had never seen each other since.

After that, Meng Wan had regained her freedom once more, but Feng Yunsheng’s whereabouts were unknown.

It was only until today, where the two of them finally reunited with each other.

Four hands clasped against each other. Both Feng Yunsheng and Meng Wan felt like a century had passed since they saw each other.

The long separation made the two of them a little unfamiliar with each other when they first met once more.

However, as soon as a topic was set, the two of them immediately started talking endlessly. They had an endless amount of things to reminiscent about.

When Feng Yunsheng and Meng Wan talked to each other, Yan Zhaoge was having a conversation with Fu Ting and He Xixing.

Then, he also met the Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi, in the Red Lotus Cliff.

Previously, Fu Yunchi had not come out and had always been alone. In fact, he didn’t even converse together with the Southeastern Exalt – Cao Jie and others. Cao Jie and the others did not disturb him as well.

However, now that matters had been settled, the Brocade Emperor would naturally not reject Yan Zhaoge’s visit.

After the two of them met each other, the first thing the Brocade Emperor was concerned about wasn’t his situation, or if the Concealed Sovereign had given pointers on which martial art to cultivate. Instead, he asked, “How confident is the Exalted Fire in passing his current tribulation?”

[1] In this case, “five maidens” refers to five fingers.