Chapter 1322 - Contributions Wasn’T Limited To This

Chapter 1322: Contributions Wasn’t Limited to This

“It would be challenging for Senior Suo this time,” said Yan Zhaoge with a serious expression. “During our fight against the Immortal Court, the Blessed Lands of Buddhism might take this chance to attack the Immortal Court, and reap some benefits.”

“However, the Future Buddha might not be willing to see a Grand Heavenly Immortal like Senior Suo appearing, especially when his destructive power is so strong.”

Compared to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the North Star Emperor, and the Incongruence Divine Mother, Suo Mingzhang’s attacking power and demeanor far surpasses them. Of course, this was without accounting in the difference between their cultivation.

As a result, he appeared to be much more troublesome in the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s eyes and the Future Buddha.

The Immortal Court had suffered a huge loss this time, and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s attention was lured away by Suo Mingzhang. The Blessed Lands of Buddhism would take advantage of the situation and attack the Immortal Court.

However, they weren’t sure of when the Blessed Lands would attack the Immortal Court.

The Future Buddha might reserve more time for the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

The Blessed Lands obtain benefits, while Suo Mingzhang perished by the hands of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. This might be the outcome the Blessed Lands wanted to see.

Of course, the Blessed Lands wouldn’t give the Immortal Court too much time. Otherwise, if the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord were to return to protect the Immortal Court, the Blessed Land would receive fewer rewards than they anticipated.

If Suo Mingzhang were able to avoid the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord for a certain period, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would be forced to return to the Immortal Court. He would be forced to give up his attention towards Suo Mingzhang and Yan Zhaoge.

After Suo Mingzhang escaped to the void’s outskirts and became one with the boundless space, it wouldn’t be easy for the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to lock on to him anymore.

However, it wasn’t easy to endure this period either.

“Hopefully, the Exalted Fire is blessed by luck.” The Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi nodded.

Yan Zhaoge also nodded, “Hopefully.”

Fu Yunchi then asked, “How many heretics perished this time?”

“With only Grand Heavenly Immortals alone, there were already four,” said Yan Zhaoge. “Accounting in those that were killed by Senior Suo, there should be around twenty Virtual Immortals as well.”

Fu Yunchi gasped, “As expected of the Martial God!”

“Even the heretics would feel a heartache after losing so many of their troops. They wouldn’t be able to fill that amount back within a short time, especially the four Grand Heavenly Immortals. If nothing special happened, hundreds of years or even thousands wouldn’t be enough to compensate for their losses.”

Fu Yunchi pondered and said, “The balance of strength between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands is about to fall apart. The war between them might start much earlier than expected.”

“Indeed. If the Blessed Lands doesn’t seize this opportunity, they aren’t the Blessed Lands anymore.” Yan Zhaoge agreed.

Whenever the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands fought, they would attempt to take each other’s lives and stabilize their faith power. The war usually lasts for a few years, or even more than ten years. Occasionally, the war might even last for tens of years.

After a war between them had calmed down under normal circumstances, they would usually fight against each other once more than another hundred years later.

There would be some exceptions which occasionally appeared, which caused the war to be declared less than, or more than the hundred years timespan.

Only a few years had passed since the two sides last fought each other. They were still in the period of truce.

However, due to the Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang killing many people from the Immortal Court, which made them suffer a considerable loss, the Blessed Lands would most likely declare war against the Immortal Court much earlier.

From an objective perspective, it helped Yan Zhaoge and the others gain more time.

If the Immortal Court were overwhelmed by the Blessed Lands’ invasion, they wouldn’t have the energy to send more reinforcements, solely for the sake of hunting down Yan Zhaoge and the others.

The reason why Suo Mingzhang still decided to ascend to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm despite knowing of the threats posed by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord wasn’t solely because of how the situations turned out. It was also because of Yan Zhaoge’s future plans and consideration.

He risked his life to break the balance of the situation apart, which allowed more people to survive and also bought time for others.

Suo Mingzhang’s contributions weren’t just limited to this.

The Immortal Court that suffered a huge blow would be defensive against the overbearing Blessed Lands. They would be put into a difficult situation.

The Immortal Court might attempt to find some alliance, but the Blessed Lands could do the same. However, those were related to the contest between the experts of the higher-ups. Yan Zhaoge didn’t possess sufficient information and was unable to make an accurate prediction yet.

Due to this, even if he could predict that the war between the two sides would happen much earlier, he could not predict the outcome.

Yan Zhaoge and the others still couldn’t afford to let down their guards yet.

After discussing with Fu Yunchi about the current situation, the topic slowly shifted towards the martial art – Severing Feeling’s Parasitism.

“Maybe, this is truly the solution.” Fu Yunchi’s expression was serious, “I’ve seen some descriptions similar to what you said in some texts before. I feel like this “Severing Feeling’s Parasitism” martial art would be the key to solving my current crux. Sadly, I don’t know the method of cultivating it. I didn’t accomplish much by studying it myself, and nothing has been achieved yet.”

Yan Zhaoge didn’t mention anything more about his thoughts to the Brocade Emperor. Instead, he said in a simplified manner, “At least, we found a glimpse of a solution to your problem. Besides, there might be other martial arts to revert everything.”

“It’s fine, I’m not in a rush,” said Fu Yunchi with a calm expression. “I was too greedy in the past and pushed open the Immortal Door despite being incompetent. Now, I’m merely compensating for my past actions.”

“Although the Concealed Sovereign plotted against me, it’s something that I asked for. Even if the Concealed Sovereign didn’t plot against me, I would eventually fell into the Immortal Court heretics’ plot.”

Fu Yunchi shook his head, “The current situation is quite decent as well. At least, it’s better than me joining the heretics in the future.”

Through their previous conversation, Yan Zhaoge had already knew that the White-clothed Brocade Emperor did not appear when Wang Zhengcheng and the others were besieging Xue Chuqing. In truth, he was being held back by people from the Immortal Court by the void’s outskirts, which prevented him from returning to the World beyond Worlds.

This was related to Wang Zhengcheng and the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor.

During the current confrontation between the Broad Creed Mountain and the Qilin Cliff, the Brocade Emperor chose to leave the World beyond Worlds together with Yan Zhaoge without any hesitation.

Even when he knew that the Concealed Sovereign possessed the way to redirect his cultivation path to the righteous one.

“I’m more worried about the Little Red Lotus, Little Wan, and Yi Xing now.” Fu Yunchi did not hide his intentions and looked at Yan Zhaoge.

It was not a big deal if it was Futing alone, but Meng Wan and He Xixing knew of the existence of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord because of Fu Yunchi himself.

Even though Fu Yunchi was on the verge of madness before he split, he couldn’t forget his actions, which resulted in such serious consequences. He was always thinking of a way to save them.

There was also something he never included in his words. He was also worried about Yan Zhaoge’s condition.

“My thoughts are a little immature, and I still need the time to perfect it,” answered Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

Fu Yunchi stared at Yan Zhaoge intently and nodded. Then, he never said anything else.

On the other side, Meng Wan looked worriedly at Feng Yunsheng, “Based on what you said, we’re still far from being in a peaceful state.”

She didn’t make fun of Feng Yunsheng’s message. Instead, she continuously asked Feng Yunsheng about her experience for the past few years.

“Naturally, we still aren’t in a peaceful state yet,” said Feng Yunsheng as she let out a sigh. “I still can’t confirm if the Exalted Rahu Luminary had already perished thoroughly or not. Besides, I now possess the authority of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil. I can’t predict what my future will look like.”

She gave a bitter smile, “Without mentioning my internal problems, I have my external problems as well. The Great Devils of the Nine Underworlds are already targeting me.”

“If it wasn’t for the two Daoist Heavenly Lords present, the Wood Devil might have already caught up to me.”