Chapter 1337 - Green Duckweed Mountain, Green Duckweed Sword

Chapter 1337: Green Duckweed Mountain, Green Duckweed Sword

The Vine Sovereign left, while the Profound Sovereign remained silent.

To the entire world, the accomplishments of the Vine Sovereign’s successors could be considered a legend.

Not only was there practically no one able to intimidate her after the Great Calamity, even during the era before the Great Calamity, where martial arts flourished, but there were also practically close to none.

Such a magnificent feat would only make one amazed.

As far as Vine Sovereign was concerned, only two among the six of her disciples were remaining. In fact, one of them had left the Roving Jade Heavens and had wholly parted ways with the entire Roving Jade Heavens.

The only remaining disciple was practically the jack of all trades. The only problem was that she wasn’t on the same side as her master regarding the Jade Capital Crag lineage issues.

When Yan Zhaoge placed himself in the Vine Sovereign position, he naturally wouldn’t be happy as well.

Other than that, the Vine Sovereign and the World beyond Worlds’ Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen were people who lived before the Great Calamity and were of the same peers. Even their age was similar as well.

If none of them passed the Profound Origin Tribulation, and no one ascended to the Virtual Immortal Realm by achieving Five Qis Unifications, both of them were already considered to be extremely old.

Besides, the Vine Sovereign had old wounds troubling her, which damaged her foundations. It would more or less affect her lifespan to a certain degree.

Of course, if they were a Profound Immortal with Four Qis Fused Aura, their natural lifespan would exceed ten thousand years, and the measurement of their lifespan would become a little laxer.

Even if the Vine Sovereign’s lifespan were about to end, her death wouldn’t happen during the next few hundred years.

However, the thing that truly mattered was that the Vine Sovereign had no hopes of safely passing through the Profound Origin Tribulation because of her wounds.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan and saw her remaining silent.

He secretly let out a sigh and did not say anything else.

The Vine Sovereign’s condition was unique. Her wounds were hard to be cured.

However, his control over the Pill Hall became more proficient, with his refinement being much more profound. There might be a solution to treating her wounds.

Only, judging the Vine Sovereign’s appearance, she definitely wouldn’t accept his help.

“I’ll talk to my master later.” Naturally, the Profound Sovereign wasn’t any average person. After remaining silent for a while, she tidied up her thoughts and focused on migrating the entire Roving Jade Heavens. “Zhaoge, how’re the preparations?”

Even the Vine Sovereign had to admit that this was a grand matter that would determine the Roving Jade Heaven’s future.

“Just like how we previously discussed, allow me to make some preparations in the Roving Jade Heavens,” said Yan Zhaoge. “Although this is merely a clone of mine, the preparations I had made earlier would be sufficient in completing the task. Only, I require the assistance of the Profound Sovereign and all the Prime Clear seniors present. With your help, I’ll be able to complete everything within a shorter amount of time.”

“After all the preparations in the Roving Jade Heavens is completed, the Astro Sovereign and the others would cause a commotion to distract our enemies.”

All the Prime Clear experts present nodded in agreement.

Those that couldn’t find the Pill Hall were all staring closely at the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens, staring closely at the Dao universe. They were hoping to locate Yan Zhaoge and the others based on the tracks left behind.

The matter of the Roving Jade Heavens’ migration would cause a huge commotion. There was no need to attempt to hide it from others.

As such, Yan Zhaoge had to think of a way to drag away the attention of those surrounding surveillance. Then, he would use the short amount of opportunity to obtain success.

“While not everyone would be distracted, as long as a part of them are, our chances of succeeding would increase drastically,” explained Yan Zhaoge. “When that time comes, I would bring the Pill Hall back to the Dao universe, and fuse the Roving Jade Heavens within. After that, we would immediately leave, and conceal ourselves within the void’s boundless outskirts once more.”

The Profound Sovereign said, “Do whatever you feel like doing. I’ll order people to cooperate with you. Before succeeding with your plan, don’t make too much of a commotion to prevent your movements from being leaked.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Naturally, which was why I brought the Brocade Emperor along with me.”

The Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi’s expression remained unchanged. Before coming here, plans were already made. The reason for him coming here was merely serving as Yan Zhaoge’s guise, covering up for Yan Zhaoge.

“Xuebo, you and Little Ye shall take turns to guide Zhaoge and Fu Yunchi to walk around outside.” The Profound Sovereign looked at her elder son. Gao Xuebo nodded, “Yes, I understand.”

The Profound Sovereign looked at Yan Zhaoge once more, “After discussing with my mother later, I would be entering seclusion during the next few days. If no accident happens, do everything according to your plan. There’s no need to care about me.”

“Profound Sovereign, are you attempting to challenge the Profound Origin Tribulation?” Yan Zhaoge’s heart wavered a little.

With the help of the Pill Hall’s internal pill qi, the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei had successfully gained some improvement, refining his four types of aura into his Immortal Aura.

With the Four Qis Fused Aura, Yue Zhenbei was now like the Lofty Sovereign – Zheng Buxu, the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong, and the previous Concealed Sovereign – Yang Ce. They were all currently in the peak of the Profound Immortal Realm.

Similarly, the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong had also produced some great news.

As long as sufficient planning was made to ensure that the Water Devil wouldn’t cause havoc when he challenged the tribulation, he had the confidence to pass the Profound Origin Tribulation within a hundred years, officially stepping into the territory of Five Qis Unification.

From the looks of it now, the Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan also had the confidence to take that step forward, and even achieve it earlier than Chen Xuanzong.

During the war that happened twenty years ago, Yan Zhaoge had attempted to contact the Roving Jade Heavens. The news that he received was that Gao Qingxuan had been in seclusion for a few years. In the end, she failed to ascend to the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm, as she didn’t have the full confidence to breakthrough.

After twenty years, the time was finally ripe for her. Yan Zhaoge was also feeling happy for her.

Gao Han, Jiang Shen, and Ling Qing were all people who started cultivating after the Great Calamity.

Among the Three Clear Lineage successors that appeared after the Great Calamity, Gao Qingxuan might be the second person to achieve Five Qis Unification, ascending to the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm, with Suo Mingzhang being the first.

Sword cultivators would have a more challenging time experiencing any improvements than other martial art cultivators, especially when ascending to the Immortal Realm. Now that Gao Qingxuan had the confidence to ascend to a new realm, Yan Zhaoge felt extremely happy for her.

“In the end, it’s still slightly later than expected.” Gao Qingxuan did not deny it, nor was she feeling proud of it. She merely nodded peacefully, affirming Yan Zhaoge’s guess.

Other than the Dragon Spring Emperor, everyone else, including Long Xueji, Gao Xuebo, the Cloud Conquest Emperor, and the Brocade Emperor, were surprised. They came to congratulate Gao Qingxuan.

“Then, senior apprentice-uncle Long, you…” Yan Zhaoge looked at the Dragon Spring Emperor – Long Xingquan, and looked at the Cloud Conquest Emperor.

Long Xingquan smiled and said, “Daoist Cloud Conquest and I are both nurturing our swords. There’s no need to care about us as well. Just do whatever you want to do.”

The Cloud Conquest Emperor also smiled slightly.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, and the Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan quickly added, “I will control the suppression of the Green Duckweed Sword’s sword mark. Just do whatever you’re supposed to, and don’t worry too much about it.”

“That couldn’t be any better,” said Yan Zhaoge.

Now, he already knew that the Roving Jade Seven had established the Roving Jade Heavens under the Incongruence Divine Mother’s secret support.

Just like how the establishment of the World beyond Worlds had received the assistance of the Primordial Heavenly Lord’s Triratna Jade Scepter, the establishment of the Roving Jade Heavens had received the assistance of a treasure left behind by the Lord of Prime Clear Numinous Treasure.

The Lord of Numinous Treasure’s sword, the Green Duckweed Sword!

After the Lord of Numinous Treasure had transcended, this sword had been held by the Incongruence Divine Mother, up until now.

When Yan Zhaoge first visited the Roving Jade Heavens, he could feel the exceptionally sharp pulse of spirit qi within the Green Duckweed Mountain. While he felt extremely uncomfortable, he had a vague guess in his heart.

And now, his guess had been verified.

Gao Qingxuan’s gaze towards Yan Zhaoge became softer, “Currently, the situation is still uncertain. After everything settles down, I’ll talk to you and your father again.”

Long Xingquan wasn’t the only one. She also desired to see her junior apprentice sister’s descendent.