Chapter 1332 - Return To The Roving Jade Heavens Again

Chapter 1332: Return to the Roving Jade Heavens Again

“Others might be fine, but Practitioner Ziteng…” The Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong frowned sightly.

Practitioner Ziteng was the Roving Jade Heaven’s old Grand Master – the Vine Sovereign. Based on seniority alone, she was the one with the highest seniority within the Roving Jade Heavens.

The Roving Jade Seven that established the Roving Jade Heavens in the past were all people born after the Great Calamity and were the rising experts of Daoism.

Only the Vine Sovereign was a senior expert that lived even before the Great Calamity, just like the Earthly Sovereign – Jiang Shen, the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han, and the others.

Only, she was wounded during the establishment of the Roving Jade Heavens, which resulted in her not joining the establishment.

Jiang Shen gave pointers to Shao Junhuang and the others, which made Jiang Shen their half-master, and they became his half-disciple. On the contrary, more than half of the Roving Jade Seven was the Vine Sovereign’s actual disciples.

Although the Vine Sovereign would always be in seclusion to tend to her wounds, her influence towards the Roving Jade Heavens was still significant.

Regarding matters related to the World beyond Worlds, primarily if it were related to the Exalted Gold Luminary – Yan Xintang’s lineage, the Profound Sovereign would mostly object to her master’s ideologies.

On the contrary, the Profound Sovereign would mostly obey the Vine Sovereign’s opinions on other matters.

Only, other than making Daoism return to its prime, and the grudges against the heretics, the other thing that the Vine Sovereign brood of was the World beyond Worlds’ Kunlun Mountain’s Jade Capital Crag, which she held a hostile attitude against.

Upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s world, the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei’s expression became serious. He turned his head and looked at Yan Zhaoge.

“Senior apprentice-uncle Yue, Senior Chen, don’t worry.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “No matter what the outcome is, the Vine Sovereign wouldn’t make things difficult for me.”

“Currently, the intensity of the battle between the heretics is in full swing. According to past experiences, since they’re currently holding each other back, it’s much simpler for the Senior Suo, the Incongruence Divine Mother, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and the North Star Emperor to do what they want.”

“With that, even though the Pure Lands and the Demon Race might notice us, it’s much more beneficial for us to make a move. We might even receive the protection of the Incongruence Divine Mother and the others.”

After the war between the two heretic factions had ended, their attention might be shifted towards Yan Zhaoge’s side.

They might even dispatch large numbers of troops to search for Yan Zhaoge’s Pill Hall cosmos within the void’s outskirts.

Which was why this was an opportune moment.

“We can’t let down our guard as well, especially during such a situation. The more beneficial the situation is, the more likely someone that intends to find us would be waiting for us to appear automatically,” said Yan Di.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Exactly.”

He looked at the Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi, “Various people are residing by the Roving Jade Heavens and the World beyond Worlds, waiting for us. They’re waiting for us to come in contact with someone, and would then follow us to find the whereabouts of the Pill Hall.”

“If it wasn’t for our comprehensive plan and the Roving Jade Heaven’s Profound Sovereign’s appropriate arrangements, we might have been found out long ago,” said Fu Yunchi in agreement.

One person continually taking action would be attention-grabbing. As such, other than Fu Yunchi, others went out to come in contact with the outside world.

The more Yan Zhaoge refined the Pill Hall, the better his control over it. Naturally, he would be more stealthy when receiving people of his factions over.

However, his opponents had never lost their patients. More than a group of people were secretly looking out for them.

“This Pill Hall gave us a temporary safe environment. However, there are always two sides to everything.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the Purple Divine Pavilion he was currently in, “The people here might get involved in troubles. Too many people are holding malicious intentions towards us solely because of the Pill Hall.”

“When we truly return to the Dao universe and bring the Roving Jade Heavens away, the commotion caused would be huge.”

Yan Zhaoge touched his chin as he said, “I think making a diversion, and executing the plan in secret would be a better plan.”

They would first cause some commotion and attempt to divert the enemy’s attention away. Then, they would quickly bring the Roving Jade Heavens out, leave the Dao universe once more, and camouflage themselves by the void’s boundless outskirts.

Even if they couldn’t divert all of their enemy’s attention away, even a small portion of them leaving would increase the possibility of Yan Zhaoge’s plan from coming to fruition.

Yue Zhenbei said slowly, “Let me do it.”

To prevent the feeling of awkwardness when meeting those from the Roving Jade Heavens, when the Pill Hall absorbed them inside.

“Zhenbei, you going makes things too obvious. You have the possibility of exposing our plans and arousing suspicions within the hearts of our enemies,” said Chen Xuanzong as he shook his head. “Let me go.”

During the past few years, Chen Xuanzong had gone out by himself and searched for Jie Mingkong and Chu Lili.

“Old Man Chen, your situation is the same as Yunsheng. It might be much worse than her,” said Yue Zhenbei. “The Nine Underworlds are searching for you as well.”

Chen Xuanzong shook his head, “It’s fine. I know the limits.”

Yue Zhenbei remained silent.

“I would have to burden you with this task, Senior Chen.” Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands towards Chen Xuanzong, and said to everyone else, “I’ll enter the Roving Jade Heavens with my North Ocean Clone. Even if everything went successfully, I still need some time for preparations.”

“There might even be a battle. Let us calm down and cultivate with a peaceful mind. When the opportunity arrives, we would be able to prevent any accidents from happening, as long as we have sufficient preparations.”

Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, and Nie Jingshen both nodded peacefully, without any flutter in emotions.

Something vibrated beside Yan Zhaoge, and a tall silhouette appeared. It was the North Ocean Clone.

The North Ocean Clone bowed towards the Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi, “Brocade Emperor, I’d have to burden you for bringing me along with you to the Roving Jade Heavens once more.”

“No need to be so polite. If you’re ready, then let us depart,” said Fu Yunchi.

Then, Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone left the Purple Divine Pavilion along with the Brocade Emperor. They walked outwards and left the Pill Hall’s cosmos.

The two of them did not immediately return to the Dao universe. Instead, they resided by the void’s boundless outskirts.

Through the previous agreement, someone would come and lead them to the Dao universe.

Yan Zhaoge and Chen Xuanzong entered stealth mode and waited patiently.

After an unknown amount of time had passed, a ray of sword-light shot from afar.

Upon seeing the sword-light, the two of them sent out a secret signal.

The sword-light did not slow down at all. Instead, it brought Yan Zhaoge and Chen Xuanzong along with it and continued flying away with lightning speed.

Within the void’s outskirts, space itself was convoluted, and it was hard to differentiate directions within. The sword-light didn’t even turn around and circularly traversed through the void.

It stopped for a short period to collect some rare treasures and minerals only available by the void’s outskirts and returned to the Dao universe with a satisfied look.

Upon entering the Dao universe, the sword-light did not halt its movements. Instead, it continued forward and entered the Roving Jade Heavens.

The dancing sword-light descended upon a cave manor by a mountain.

y

Then, the sword-light finally stopped. When the radiance dissipated, the appearance of an old Daoist who let his hair down loosely without tying his hair appeared.

This was someone Yan Zhaoge had met once – the Cloud Conquest Emperor.

The area they were in wasn’t the Cloud Emperor’s cave manor – the Ashen Spirit Valley.

There were others within the cave manor.

Other than Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji, who Yan Zhaoge was already familiar with, there was another man present who had the appearance of a thirty to forty years old. The man was handsome, and he had a leisure appearance.

Although it was the first time meeting each other, Yan Zhaoge had seen his portrait way too many times.

The Jade Clear lineage’s successor, who was also the Exalted Gold Luminary – Yan Xintang’s junior apprentice-brother, originated from the same sect. That person was the Dragon Spring Emperor who had always resided by the Roving Jade Heavens – Long Xingquan.