Chapter 1331 - Final Step Of The Current Cultivation

Chapter 1331: Final Step of the Current Cultivation

Everyone’s previous speculation had come true.

The war between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was much more intense compared to their past wars and lasted even longer.

Twenty years had passed, and the war still had yet to end.

Before the war started, the Immortal Court had received a huge blow, which gave the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus the upper-hand. As a result, the Immortal Court was forced to retreat.

Using their retreat as a form of delaying their opponents’ advancements, the Immortal Court bought enough time to regain their footing slowly.

By shrinking their line of defense, it was much more beneficial for them to concentrate their manpower.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus didn’t want to let go of such a rare chance. As a result, they started unleashing their continuous attacks without rest.

The Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus went back and forth by the Immortal Court’s territory’s borders, and the victor couldn’t be decided at all.

During the war, numerous heretic experts had perished. Among them, there was an abundance of Immortal Court experts that had already achieved an Immortal form, as well as Pure Lands Bhantes that had reached the Golden Body.

If it were during the past when most wars escalated until such a state, it would have died down long ago, and the situation would slowly stabilize.

However, this time, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had received an abundance of benefits. They had conquered various worlds that belonged to the Immortal Court.

Twenty years might be considered nothing for martial art practitioners with high cultivation. However, for the mortals, or even martial arts practitioners with low cultivation, it was enough for a new generation to appear.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus intended to take over these worlds and make it their own. With this, their faith power would be even more stabilized.

As time passed, the faith power of the newly conquered worlds replenished the combat prowess of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, which allowed them to continue fighting.

As for the Immortal Court, they would naturally not give up so easily.

They had already received a massive blow from the start, and the Blessed Lands were making things worse. If the Immortal Court wanted to recover from the damage, it would be challenging and take a long time.

As a result, they were incredibly persistent. They fought against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus till the end and fought for every inch of their land.

They couldn’t afford to give in during such crucial moments. No matter how hard it was, they had to force themself to endure it.

As such, even though twenty years had passed, not only did the war not calm down a little, it even got much more intense.

From the looks of it, it wouldn’t even be a problem for the war to continue for another twenty years.

The Pure Lands and the Astro Mountain Starry Seas helping them were also going against each other.

According to the latest news Yan Zhaoge received, the experts comparable to the Heavenly Lords of Daoism were already dispatched by both sides. They fought until the heavens and earth reversed, and even the world was crumbling.

“From the looks of it, the time is slowly being ripe. We can execute our next plan.”

Within the Pill Hall’s cosmos, Yan Zhaoge was sitting within the Purple Divine Pavilion, looking at his surroundings.

The Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong, and the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei were both presents. Yan Di and Nie Jingshen had already come out of seclusion and were present as well. Feng Yunsheng crossed her legs while sitting down, her long jet-black saber on her knee.

The Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi sat at the opposite of Yan Zhaoge, “Through the Profound Sovereign arrangement, I managed to meet her. According to her, the Incongruence Divine Mother had most likely approved of your plans with her silence. She wouldn’t support it, nor would she interfere with it.”

“That’s for the best.” Yan Zhaoge smiled as he rubbed his palms together.

In the past, when he planned to leave the Dao universe, Yan Zhaoge already had such thoughts.

Not only the World beyond Worlds, or the Eight Extremities Worlds. He even planned to bring the Roving Jade Heavens, along with the various lower realms under it, away from the Dao universe!

It was inconvenient for his group to move around. As such, he had to rely on the Roving Jade Heavens to receive news and information.

If the Roving Jade Heavens also left the Dao universe, things would be much more inconvenient for him.

However, Yan Zhaoge was leaning towards the idea of everyone leaving the Dao universe.

For the Profound Sovereign and the others who always had an unyielding attitude, they would do things without any worries and can do whatever they wanted to their heart’s content.

It wasn’t because Yan Zhaoge enjoyed the feeling of grandiose. Instead, an actual problem was standing in front of him.

The Pill Hall was currently floating around the void’s outskirts and was hard to locate.

If someone invaded the Roving Jade Heavens intending to find Yan Zhaoge, should Yan Zhaoge and the others assist them if the matters got worse?

The invader wouldn’t need to target the entire Roving Jade Heavens. They just needed to target the families of the Profound Sovereign and the Dragon Spring Emperor.

Even though the Incongruence Divine Mother was present, they still had to be wary of others.

Without mentioning the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha, the Demon Race and the orthodox Buddhism had resurfaced within the world. According to the news, it was confirmed that both sides had experts of the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm present during the war.

The Buddhas of the Pure Lands and the Great Sages of the Demon Race were utterly different from the heretic Heaven Immortals.

Although the two were fighting against each other, they weren’t as brutal as the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court. No matter if it was the Pure Lands or the Astro Mountain Starry Seas, they reserved enough strength to counter any unexpected changes. While they were keeping track of the Nine Underworlds, they were also wary of Suo Mingzhang, the Incongruence Divine Mother, and the others.

The Pure Lands and the Astro Mountain Starry Seas, who had always been hiding for the past years, had finally reemerged in the world. They assisted the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, respectively. Yan Zhaoge couldn’t stop himself from thinking of the worst possible outcome.

That was why he had the thoughts of bringing the Roving Jade Heavens along with him.

Theoretically, as long as the Profound Sovereign and the Dragon Spring Emperor’s lineage left the Roving Jade Heavens, Yan Zhaoge’s opponents wouldn’t be targeting the Roving Jade Heavens solely for Yan Zhaoge and his Pill Hall.

However, since he would bring them along, why not bring those abundances of resources and the citizens along?

The Profound Sovereign’s lineage had firm control over the Roving Jade Heavens. With their cooperation, things went smoothly.

Even the Cloud Conquest Emperor and the others wouldn’t object.

The main reason why they were hostile towards the World beyond Worlds was that they were against the ideology of the World beyond Worlds under the control of the Earthly Sovereign.

If there were an issue, that would be the grudge between Yue Zhenbei and the Roving Jade Heavens.

However, just like how the Roving Jade Heavens and the World beyond Worlds were separated in the Dao universe, it would be the same within the Pill Hall’s cosmos.

Although the Prime Clear successor held a grudge against the Sword Sovereign, when given a chance to escape from the heretics’ threats in a completely new environment, they definitely wouldn’t hesitate to accept the offer.

For Yan Zhaoge, this was an opportunity to settle down the conflict between the two sides and prevent the Profound Sovereign and the Dragon Spring Emperor’s lineage from being in an awkward position.

“Although the pill qi within the Pill Hall cosmos has yet to dissipate completely, and the boundaries between worlds still have yet to stabilize, the general infrastructure is already set,” said Yan Zhaoge to everyone. “Now, we have enough space to fit in the Roving Jade Heavens, and the lower realms under their control.”

Previously, when the Pill Hall’s cosmos wasn’t stable yet, the various territories of the World beyond Worlds and the lower realms like the Eight Extremity World could barely fit inside.

However, through the development during the past twenty years, and under Yan Zhaoge’s continuous refinement, the Pill Hall’s cosmos was already far different from the past.

In truth, Yan Zhaoge had combined his refinement of the Pill Hall with his cultivation during the past few years.

As the Pill Hall’s cosmos stabilized further, not only was his control over the Pill Hall getting more assertive, he could even feel that he was about to take the final step of his current cultivation realm.

The time to bring the Roving Jade Heavens away was also finally ripe.

“If that’s the case, my main body shall preside by the Pill Hall, while my clone shall go to the Roving Jade Heavens,” said Yan Zhaoge slowly to everyone present.