Chapter 1339 - Group Of Demons Making Plans

Chapter 1339: Group of Demons Making Plans

After the cave manor’s owner welcomed the Daoist, he didn’t remain courteous. Instead, he went straight to the point, “Indeed, I’ve invited you here to discuss something.”

“What do you want to talk about?” The Daoist appearance middle-aged man took the wine goblet on the table and drank it.

The cave manor’s owner wasn’t in a rush to the main point. Instead, he first asked, “Previously, you have been busy refining pills. How much do you know of what’s happening in the outside world?”

The Daoist said frankly, “After coming out of seclusion, he had heard of some of the huge matters that happened.”

“Finally, we can leave this place. We won’t have to hide within the Astro Mountains Starry Sea any longer.”

For the entire Demon Race that lived and bred by the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, this was a grand matter worthy of showing solicitude, especially for the top-notch Demon Race bigwig experts.

“I heard that the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall had also resurfaced within the world.” Speaking until here, a few hints of greed were leaking out from his eyes.

“Oh, right. It seems like a new Grand Heavenly Immortal had appeared within the Daoism’s Three Clear Lineage?” More hints of envy appeared beneath his eyes.

The owner of the cave manor nodded, “That’s right.”

The Daoist returned to his senses and looked at the cave manor’s owner, “Why did you invite me here for?”

“Haven’t you always been wanting to cause troubles to the Incongruence Divine Mother’s successors?” said the cane manor’s owner, “There’s an opportunity for you to do so now.”

The Daoist showed a face of doubt, “I’ve never heard anything about the Incongruence Divine Mother’s perishment.”

“Indeed, the Incongruence Divine Mother had yet to perish. However, the chance is still here.” The cave manor’s owner shrugged, “The Nine-headed Great Sage had come out of seclusion recently.”

“The Nine-headed Great Sage doesn’t even hold any grudges against the Incongruence Divine Mother.” The Daoist slanted his eyes, the suspicion on his face growing thicker.

The owner of the cave manor sneered, “But, the Nine-headed Great Sage had suffered a huge loss by the hands of the Jade Clear lineage’s successor.”

Upon mentioning this, the Daoist’s eyes moved, and the suspicion on his face faded. A look of contemplation slowly appeared on his face, “Do you mean…”

“You might have known that the Nine-headed Great Sage had suffered a huge loss against the Jade Clear’s Primordial Heavenly Lord’s successor – the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s disciple,” said the cave manor’s owner. “What you didn’t know is that there’s a continuation of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s lineage within the Jade Clear successors.”

The Daoist was now interested. He looked at the cave manor’s owner, waiting for him to continue talking.

“After the Great Calamity, an extraordinary person appeared within the Jade Clear lineage. His name was Yan Xintang, as he’s a disciple of the Jade Cauldron’s lineage.” The cave manor did not disappoint him. “While Yan Xintang himself had already perished, he has some descendants left behind.”

“If what I heard is true, the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall had fallen into the hands of Yan Xintang’s grandson, Yan Zhaoge.”

As he spoke, he looked at that Daoist, “That Yan Xintang had also wed a Prime Clear martial art practitioner as his wife. She is also an extremely talented person that appeared within the Prime Clear lineage after the Great Calamity.”

“In other words, the current Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall had fallen into the hands of the descendants of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity and the Incongruence Divine Mother.”

The owner of the cave manor chuckled and said, “What kind of reaction do you think that the Nine-headed Great Sage would give? While it’s hard to locate the Pill Hall now, the Prime Clear successors are still within the Dao universe. In fact, I’ve heard that their relationship is quite close. In fact, they had been in contact during the past few years. Only, they had been cautious, and we weren’t able to expose it.”

“That’s smart!” The Daoist touched his beard and smiled, “Using the Incongruence Divine Mother’s successor to locate the Pill Hall.”

Very quickly, his smile subsided, “Wait, that so-called Yan Xintang or Yan Zhaoge is merely a successor of the Jade Cauldron’s lineage. Would the Nine-headed even vent his anger on them?”

The owner of the cave manor smiled, “Not to mention whether they know the whereabouts of that person, they have the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall. If the Nine-headed Great Sage were to take action, it would be two birds with one stone.”

He looked at that Daoist, “About the Pill Hall, we better not be too greedy. Naturally, it’ll be great if we can receive some benefits. Even if there are none, can’t you find an opportunity to vent your anger towards the Incongruence Divine Mother’s descendent?”

“However, the person that killed your disciples isn’t alive anymore. Now, only her disciples remain in the world. You don’t have to care too much about them.”

The Daoist snorted, “That filthy woman killed my disciples, and deserves to die. Now, I shall take revenge against her disciples and grant them the fate they deserve.”

If someone could hold back the Incongruence Divine Mother, he would naturally have to worry less.

“Erm… Wait. Didn’t a new Grand Heavenly Immortal appear in the Jade Clear lineage? Other than that, the North Star Emperor and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor are still alive.” The Daoist suddenly remembered.

The owner of the cave manor nodded, “That’s right. Although they might not be able to take any action, just like the Incongruence Divine Mother, there’s still a possibility.”

“But don’t worry. Although we’re still fighting against the Western Pure Lands and the Immortal Court heretics, there are still other Great Sages here that have yet to make a move.”

The Daoist nodded, “If that’s the case, let us meet the Nine-headed Great Sage.”

“No need to rush. We’re not in a rush at the moment.” The cave manor’s owner halted him. “Within the Daoism’s Three Clear Lineage, other than those few Heavenly Lords, the others shouldn’t be underestimated as well. Besides, the Roving Jade Heavens is presided over by the Prime Clear lineage for a long amount of time, and therefore shouldn’t be underestimated.”

“Let us find more assistance, as that would increase our chances of success.” The cave manor’s owner looked outside, “It’s about time.”

The Daoist’s eyes flickered and started contemplating within his heart.

Sure enough, after a short while, another servant brought someone inside.

The person that came in was shrouded in a layer of white moonlight. When the moonlight dissipated, a figure of a woman appeared.

“Brother, what did you call me here for?” After the woman greeted the cave manor’s owner, she looked at the Daoist in surprise, “Isn’t this Daoist Hundred Eyes?”

The Daoist nodded, “You’ve become much more elegant.”

The cave manor’s owner said, “Indeed, I have something to discuss with you, which was why I invited you here.”

After explaining the matters, the woman frowned, “Indeed, the Awakened Sky Hall can only be lured out using this way. However…”

“Currently, we’re still fighting against the Western Buddhist Lands and the Immortal Court. Although we still have some remaining forces, this would increase the chances of the few Daoism Heavenly Lords to take action. Wouldn’t this spoil His Highness’s plan?” She asked with hesitation.

“Moreover, there’s a problem.” The woman looked at the Daoist, and said after hesitating for a while, “Is it wise to drag the Prime Clear successor into this? Some of our Great Sages had listened to the Prime Clear successor’s lectures.”

“Although the Nine-headed Great Sage might take action, shouldn’t we consider these points as well?”

The Daoist’s expression turned dark and displayed a few hints of displeasure. However, he didn’t voice out any refutation.

Instead, the cave manor owner smiled, “No need to worry. At least, this wouldn’t be a huge problem.”