Chapter 1333 - Mythical Figure

Chapter 1333: Mythical Figure

“Senior apprentice-uncle Long, we’ve never gotten the chance to meet each other. Now, we’re finally able to do so. Unfortunately, I’m only able to meet you with my clone. Please forgive me for my rudeness.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Long Xingquan and smiled at him.

Upon seeing Yan Zhaoge’s appearance, Long Xingquan retracted his leisure expression. He smiled as well, and said, “It’s fine. One day, I’ll finally meet both you and your father.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge and said emotionally, “You father and son duo are truly outstanding talents. If senior apprentice-brother and junior apprentice-sister Di knew about this, they would be pleased as well.”

He sighed softly, and hints of sadness appeared in his eyes.

Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji, who were standing beside him, remained silent as well.

An intricate expression appeared in the Cloud Conquest Emperor’s eyes as well.

Naturally, his view towards the Sword God – Yan Xintang, who had oppressed the entire Roving Jade Heavens in the past, was too complex.

As for the Sword Emperor – Di Qinglian, although they weren’t of the same sect, the Sword Emperor still felt a sense of pity for her.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Dragon Spring Emperor, who was standing in front of him.

This was the first time he had seen the Dragon Spring Emperor in person.

The Dragon Spring Emperor can also be considered as a mythical figure.

Some people in the World beyond Worlds held criticisms against the Dragon Spring Emperor and detested him.

As a Jade Clear successor, he joined the Roving Jade Heavens’ Prime Clear lineage. Others secretly insulted him by calling him a reverse in-law.

The saying that the yin of the Profound Sovereign was more potent than the yang of the Spring Emperor, and how the female was the one in dominance was everywhere.

However, those that truly understood the situation were scornful towards such statements.

Indeed, the Dragon Spring Emperor had lost under the sword of the Profound Sovereign.

However, how many people were as strong as the Profound Sovereign?

The newer generation only remembered that the Dragon Spring Emperor had lost under the Profound Sovereign’s sword. Not many recognized the fact that Long Xingquan had dominated the sword cultivators of the Roving Jade Heavens. When fighting based on sword arts alone, he won every battle until he fought against the Profound Sovereign.

The Cloud Conquest Emperor beside Yan Zhaoge, and the Lofty Emperor – Zhang Buxu, who had yet left the Roving Jade Heavens during that time, were all defeated by the Dragon Spring Emperor’s sword.

Among those of the same realm as the Dragon Spring Emperor, even including the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries, only a few had the confidence to win against the Dragon Spring Emperor.

“Senior apprentice-granduncle Long, may I meet the Profound Sovereign now?”

Yan Zhaoge asked after greeting Long Xingquan, the Cloud Conquest Emperor, Long Xueji, and Gao Xuebo.

“Qingxuan is currently inside the Vine Sovereign’s cave manor,” said the Dragon Spring Emperor.

The Cloud Conquest Emperor remained silent, while Gao Xuebo frowned slightly.

Long Xueji did not hide anything, and said blatantly, “The old Grand Master is objecting against the plan. My mother is trying to convince her.”

“Zhaoge and Daoist Fu follow me.” The Dragon Spring Emperor walked out of the cave manor and waved his hand while walking, “Qingxuan and Vine Sovereign are already aware of your arrival. They mentioned that you should go to where they are upon reaching the Roving Jade Heavens.”

Yan Zhaoge and Fu Yunchi nodded, “As guests, we shall follow the host’s wish.”

They traversed through the Green Duckweed Mountain and finally reached the bottom of the main peak.

This was the location of the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying’s cave manor.

A male servant was guarding by the door and was obviously given some orders beforehand. Upon seeing the arrival of Yan Zhaoge’s group, he opened the door and welcomed them.

Layers of peerlessly sharp spirit qi were flowing around within the Green Duckweed Mountain. The shapeless spirit qi was just like invisible blades, continuously slicing apart everything in the air.

The spirit qi became much denser at the main peak.

Upon entering the cave manor, two ladies turned their heads simultaneously and looked towards Yan Zhaoge’s group.

There was an old woman that looked to be around sixty years old sitting by the main seat. Despite her old age, she seemed to have retained her beautiful and delicate appearance during her youth. Her silver hair was combed meticulously, and dim silver lights seemed to be flickering within.

Every time a light flickered by her hair, lightning seemed to have struck down from the sky, and a treasured sword seemed to have been unsheathed.

Her gaze was exceptionally sharp, as if wherever her gaze passed through, space itself would be sliced apart.

“Vine Sovereign – Li Ying…” Yan Zhaoge thought.

Fu Yunchi was also familiar with this Prime Clear elder, whose name had been renowned for ages.

She was a Prime Clear lineage expert that was born before the Great Calamity. Although she didn’t attend the Roving Jade Heavens’ establishment because of her wounds, her reputation within the Roving Jade Heavens was exceptionally high.

Although the Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan ultimately became stronger than the Vine Sovereign, the Vine Sovereign was still one of the two Profound Immortal Sovereigns of the Roving Jade Heavens. No one dared to underestimate her.

Due to her old age, she had always remained in the Profound Immortal Realm for thousands of years. She could not challenge the Profound Origin Tribulation, which prevented her from entering the Five Qis Unification realm. Within a thousand years, she would be in seclusion for at least eight hundred years.

Even so, she was a veteran powerhouse who had achieved Four Qis Unification and had transformed her Immortal qi into Immortal Aura.

However, for Yan Zhaoge, he felt that the thing this old woman did best was tutoring disciples.

Or, her eye for choosing disciples was exceptional.

In the past, the Exalted Earth Luminary of the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries, which was later known as the Earthly Sovereign – Jiang Shen, never bothered accepting disciples. Instead, he was more willing to call it giving pointers to his juniors.

Most of the top-notch experts who rose after the World beyond Worlds’ establishment had received Jiang Shen’s pointers before. Even the younger generation of the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries, like Shao Junhuang, had received his pointers too.

Maybe Jiang Shen’s luck wasn’t that great, or perhaps he didn’t pay much attention to his own Qilin Cliff and proceeded to put in all his efforts for the World beyond Worlds.

Among his disciples, the only one that came out successful was the Earth Exalt – Wang Zhengcheng.

Although Wang Zhengcheng hadn’t pushed open the Immortal Door, it was because of the old wounds he was carrying. Otherwise, he would’ve entered the Immortal Realm long ago.

Only, compared to the Vine Sovereign’s disciples, the Earth Sovereign’s disciples looked much blander in comparison.

Or, it should be said that everyone else pales in comparison to the Vine Sovereign’s disciples.

Among the famous legacies within the World beyond Worlds, the Exalted Gold Luminary – Yan Xintang had the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei; the Exalted Water Luminary – Chen Xuanzong had Jie Mingkong and Chu Lili; the Exalted Wood Luminary – Shao Junhuang had the Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin.

However, even if everyone was combined, they still paled in comparison to the Vine Sovereign’s disciples.

Among the Roving Jade Seven, four of them were the Vine Sovereign’s disciple.

Other than the Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan and the Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu, there was another person known as the Tai Sovereign. His strength came second among the Roving Jade Heavens, with the Profound Sovereign being stronger than him. Unfortunately, he had perished when he was young in a battle against the heretics.

The other person had the cultivation of a True Immortal and perished even earlier than the Tai Sovereign. He perished shortly after the Roving Jade Heavens was established.

Other than the Roving Jade Seven, there was also the Sword Emperor – Di Qinglian, whose reputation was comparable to them. With her sword, she suppressed everyone else’s swords arts in the Roving Jade Heavens. Among the Prime Clear experts born after the Great Calamity, her sword arts were undoubtedly the best.

After Di Qinglian, there was also the Vine Sovereign’s closed-door disciple – Kong Qingxi, known as the Heng Emperor. When he was still in the True Immortal Realm, he was killed by Yue Zhenbei, who had also ascended the Immortal Realm and pushed open the Immortal Door.

The Vine Sovereign – Li Ying’s disciples, contained three Sovereigns and three Emperors. It was enough to make her proud.

No matter if it was because of her luck or her capabilities, Yan Zhaoge viewed the Roving Jade Heaven’s old Grand Master as a mythical figure.

Unfortunately, this mythical figure was acting hostile towards his lineage.

Currently, the Vine Sovereign wasn’t showing any emotions. She merely stared at Yan Zhaoge.

“Yan Xintang’s descendent?”