Chapter 1330 - The Silhouette Behind The History

Chapter 1330: The Silhouette Behind the History

The Amitabha Buddha resided by a place of tranquility, undefeated without contention.

Even if there were times where he took action, it was scarce.

However, if such an existence left the Pure Lands, and descended upon the human realm, even the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha would lose their prestige.

IF Amitabha was still alive, even if he doesn’t leave the Pure Lands or automatically take any actions, just him existing was enough to prevent anyone from offending the Pure Lands.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil was an example. Even if he was suppressed since ancient times, no one dared to underestimate him.

It was still fine if it was outside of the Nine Underworlds. However, if one wanted to lead many troops to attack the Nine Underworlds, they would have to contemplate whether it would cause the Primordial Heavenly Devil to break out of his seal.

If the Amitabha Buddha weren’t there anymore, there would be many ways to testify if he had transcended or perished, now that the Western Pure Lands had reemerged to the world.

“The possibility of Amitabha Buddha to still be present is higher, right?” Feng Yunsheng frowned.

Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly, “Yes.”

Previously, he assumed that the Pure Lands never made any movements because they fused with the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

It might be possible during the Journey to the West era, as their relationship with each other was considered close. However, after the Journey to the West era, the possibility of them going against each other would escalate.

After the Mystical Mountain’s Tathagata Buddha and the Gautama Buddha had transcended, the Future Maitreya Buddha descended upon the world and became the new lord of the central Blessed Lands of Saha. Since then, the Mystical Mountain’s Great Thunderclap Monastery’s lineage’s Buddhism arts started being altered, slowly becoming its present appearance.

At that time, some of the Buddhism Bhantes of the Mystical Mountain had converted to the teachings of the Future Buddha, and some had also left the central Blessed Lands of Saha and joined the Western Pure Lands.

Although things couldn’t be said for sure, the appearance and standpoint of the Bhante Baixiong made them assume that if the Dipankara Ancient Buddha, who held multiple grudges against his peers, hadn’t perished yet, he might have also joined the Western Pure Lands.

This Buddha was an extremely ancient being. Before the central Blessed Lands of Saha had even appeared, he already existed. In fact, he even had the title of “Past Buddha.”

In numerous legends, he was an extremely active bigwig expert.

Of course, there were many kinds of falsehoods within the legends. After so many years had passed, no one was sure of it anymore.

Since there were many experts from the central Blessed Lands of Saha that joined the Western Pure Lands in the past, it implied that the Amitabha Buddha was most likely still in the world.

Otherwise, neglecting the fact that numerous Buddhist experts had left the Saha, it was miraculous enough that the Future Buddha didn’t intend to illuminate the Buddhas from the Pure Lands.

Even if the two factions were related to each other, the current Buddhism wouldn’t care about such relations.

The only people that could make the Future Buddha afraid was someone beyond the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm.

Even if Amitabha was no longer here, there might be other people beyond the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm presiding over the Western Pure Lands.

Otherwise, the Pure Lands’ experts wouldn’t join such a large-scale battle openly.

Otherwise, with such behavior, even if the Pure Lands camouflaged themselves after the battle, finding clues about their location would be extremely simple.

If they dared to display such a high profile, they must have some reliance.

“So, here’s the second question…” Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples lightly, “The Demon Race dares to reemerge in the world in a large-scale manner, and went up against the Pure Lands. What sort of reliance did they have?”

The Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei shook his head slowly, “It’s hard to fathom an existence beyond the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm. Worse still, news related to them is like mysteries. However, since the heretic Buddhists used the Demon Race as their reinforcements, and even dared to contend against the Pure Lands, it explained many things.”

“Indeed. Only, we aren’t aware of who’s standing behind them, supporting them.” Yan Zhaoge smiled bitterly.

Various thoughts flashed across his mind in that instant.

During the past era, the Journey to the West era, the Western Pure Lands’ name was slowly being buried. After entering the current era, no matter if it was before or after the Great Calamity, they hadn’t made any movements. And yet, they resurfaced during the last few years…

After the central Blessed Lands of Saha’s Tathagata Buddha had transcended, and the Maitreya Buddha inherited his position, the doctrine of the Blessed Lands of Saha had experienced massive changes. Some of the experts left the Blessed Lands of Saha and joined the Western Pure Lands. Since then, they hadn’t appeared in the world, until now…

The Demon Race gradually diminished during the Journey to the West era. After entering the new era, they were mostly in hiding, conditioning themselves. And now, they had reappeared within the world…

Before the Great Calamity, there wasn’t any Immortal Court. After the Great Calamity, the Immortal Court appeared and contended against the Blessed Lands of Saha…

“The relation between the four of them is truly intriguing,” muttered Yan Zhaoge.

After the Demon Race went through the Primitive era and the Investitures of the Gods era, they weren’t as flourished as they previously were anymore. The Human Race became the domineering one.

When the Demon Race had thoroughly weakened and declined, it was still during the Middle era – the Journey to the West era.

During the Middle era, when the East slowly accepted the West’s teachings, it was the era where Buddhism started flourishing.

To be more precise, that was when the central Blessed Lands of Saha started to flourish.

And yet, the Demon Race that resurfaced became the allies of the Blessed Lands of Saha.

Even if the Future Buddha slowly altered the Blessed Lands of Saha’s doctrines, which made others refer to him as the “Fake Buddha,” the Demon Race attitude was truly intriguing.

The Pure Lands, which could be referred to as the orthodox Buddhism, had joined forces together with the Immortal Court.

Although the Pure Lands would not join forces with the Blessed Lands of Saha, their choice still made some thoughts surface.

Yan Zhaoge slowly organized his messy thought process, and finally had some guesses. Only, he wasn’t able to prove its truthfulness.

No matter if the history were authentic or fake, some silhouette would always be standing behind them.

“The situation is too chaotic. When it’s too chaotic, we might even get ourselves involved in some trouble.” Yan Zhaoge licked his lips, “Before being clear of the situation, let’s be more careful in the meantime. Focusing on our cultivation, and don’t care about the news.”

“Now that they are busy fighting against each other, it’s beneficial for us to develop while keeping a low-profile.”

Before he finished speaking, he saw Feng Yunsheng smiling at him.

The others smiled as well.

The Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei, and the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong nodded in agreement.

Seeing their expression, Yan Zhaoge instantly guessed what they were thinking. He said helplessly, “Alright, alright. I’ll admit, I like to cause trouble, and I enjoy being adventurous. However, if I can remain slothful, I won’t do anything to cause trouble.”

Everyone couldn’t help but smile.

Following what Yan Zhaoge said, everyone within this realm was quietly cultivating, accumulating their cultivation.

The war happening outside was in full swing and became more and more intense.

The insides of the Pill Hall was like a paradise. However, Yan Zhaoge and the others didn’t want to seclude themselves too much like the frog in the well. While they were conditioning themselves in a low-key manner, they were continuously collecting information from the outside world.

Even some negligible minor details were intriguing enough.

For example, the Buddhist heretics under the Future Buddha still referred to themselves as the central Blessed Lands of Saha, and the Demon Race referred to them in a similar manner.

As for the orthodox Buddhism experts from the Pure Lands, they referred to the Buddhist heretics as the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Even the Immortal Court did not refer to them as the “Evil Demons of the Blessed Lands” anymore. Instead, they changed it to “Evil Demons of the White Lotus.”