Chapter 1343 - Arrived At An Opportune Moment

Although the Great Demons were all outside of the Roving Jade Heavens, when one’s cultivation was strong enough, they would sense the raging demonic qi.

The Vine Sovereign formed a sword seal with one of her hands, while the other hand swiped the void, causing a picture of radiance to appear.

Only the people atop the Green Duckweed Mountain could see the picture, and the sound released from the scene could only be heard from the top of the mountain.

“Daoist Chuan He’s successors’ disciples, come out!”

Yan Zhaoge looked towards the demon and saw an old man wearing a brilliant red golden crown. He was wearing a jet-black robe, a pair of green Tang cloud shoes, and a yellow belt.

His face was shaped like an iron melon, and his eyes were dazzling like the stars. He seemed like someone that had attained the great dao. However, the demonic qi surging from his body was soul-stirring.

“This appearance…” Yan Zhaoge felt that he looked a little familiar. However, just by looking at his appearance alone, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t remember who he was.

Yan Zhaoge turned his head to look at Gao Xuebo and the others, “Based on what he said…”

Gao Xuebo was currently looking at the sky with a serious expression.

Feeling Yan Zhaoge’s gaze, he did not turn his head. However, he still explained, “Grand Master Chuan He is an old Grand Master of my lineage before the Great Calamity, and had already perished long ago. From the looks of it, the old Grand Master’s old enemy had come here seeking revenge.”

The Vine Sovereign – Li Ying contemplated for a while, and her expression became even more serious. She asked the Daoist within the picture of radiance, “Could he be the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord?”

Upon mentioning his name, Yan Zhaoge came to a revelation.

After that, the frown on his brows became deeper, “It’s this old demon.”

Naturally, Yan Zhaoge had heard of the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord’s name before. Only, too many years had passed, and he had never come into contact with the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord before. As such, he couldn’t remember the demon lord’s name.

This demon had already attained the great dao during the mid Journey to the West era. Among the stray Great Demon cultivators, he was one of the few experts of his cultivation realm, equipped with extraordinary strength.

Later, he was subdued by someone and became the pet of said person. However, after accidentally transcending, he managed to reclaim his freedom and proclaimed himself king.

Compared to that old white deer, this Hundred Eyed Demon Lord was much scarier and robust. With the outstanding demonic art he cultivated, even those whose cultivation surpassed him wouldn’t be able to deal with him.

Daoist Chuan He was the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying’s Grand Master. In the past, although he had killed the disciple of the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, the demon lord couldn’t take revenge because of the Incongruence Divine Mother. As a result, he could only hold in his anger.

Afterward, when the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord joined the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, he disappeared from the great thousand worlds. As a result, the matter seemed to have been settled.

Then, Daoist Chuan He had perished. However, his disciples still knew about the grudge between Daoist Chuan He and the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord.

At that time, no one paid any attention to it. However, after the Great Calamity, everything became different.

Daoism had suffered from a calamity, and everything declined into a horrible state. They had to put on their guard against all their past insignificant enemies.

After seeing the opponent’s appearance, the Vine Sovereign had already guessed the origins of the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord.

“Indeed, it is I,” said the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord in an unurgent manner. “Daoist Chuan He owes my disciple his life. Now that he’s dead, you shall repent for your master.”

As he spoke, the yellow halo became denser, and the Vine Sovereign felt an even stronger pressure.

Yan Zhaoge and the others looked behind the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord and saw a vast golden sea of clouds spanning across the cosmic void.

Within the sea of clouds, roars of dragons continuously resounded. Numerous dragon shadows were floating about in a seemingly illusory manner.

The dragon’s might was so strong that even the Roving Jade Heavens, which was separated by a spatial boundary, was affected.

Other than the form of a True Dragon, various banners overflowing with mighty momentum could be seen within the billows of colorful clouds. The banners swayed without any wind blowing and looked overly domineering.

The concentrated sound of drums resounded within the air, causing one’s blood to boil. However, it didn’t overshadow the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord’s voice. On the contrary, it made his words even more overbearing.

Yan Zhaoge and others felt a little heavy in their hearts.

The time of many eventful troubles had arrived.

The situation of the world was experiencing a drastic change.

In the past, although the heretics were continually threatening the Dao universe, the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had been holding each other back, thus allowing the Dao universe to survive.

However, since twenty years ago, the Dao universe ceased to have its peaceful days any longer. More and more troubles came looking for them.

Although it wouldn’t bring about their destruction, it affected their living environment.

If one couldn’t adapt to such a change, they would face massive difficulties when facing the world’s momentum transformation.

“That’s… the Dragon Clan?” The Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi raised his brows. Although his tone was filled with doubt, his gaze was filled with certainty.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord and looked at the billows of colorful clouds leaking with dragon pulse, “Are they here to assist the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord?”

“Are they purely here for revenge, or are they here for the Pill Hall? Do they plan to besiege the Roving Jade Heavens, forcing the Pill Hall and me to appear?”

This thought instantly flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

Although the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord was powerful, as long as the Incongruence Divine Mother descended, he would most likely be defeated.

Since he dared to appear, that meant he had something backing him up. At the very least, he wouldn’t have to worry about the Incongruence Divine Mother’s attacks.

However, if they weren’t here purely for revenge, and were targeting the Pill Hall, there must be a Great Sage expert backing these Great Demons. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have such confidence.

If it were the latter, that would mean that a large number of troops were already overshadowing the Roving Jade Heavens. Traps were already laid down, awaiting Yan Zhaoge and the Pill Hall to fall into it.

Yan Zhaoge remained silent and secretly observed his surroundings.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord wasn’t in a rush as well. He continued strengthening the pressure inflicted upon the Roving Jade Heavens and the Vine Sovereign.

It seemed like the cat and mouse game, yet it seemed like he was waiting for someone.

Behind the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, as the golden sea of clouds were rolling back and forth, numerous silhouettes appeared.

The one in the lead was in a human form; he seemed like a prestigious middle-aged man. He was the Dragon King Huanchen.

Dragon King Huanchen wasn’t doing anything and merely sat quietly upon the colorful clouds.

However, even so, no one dared to underestimate this Dragon clan’s Small Saint that was in Daoism’s Virtual Immortal Heavenly Monarch Realm.

He was happy to sit back and quietly watch the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord taking action by himself.

However, as he displayed his form, the amount of pressure and sense of danger brought upon the Roving Jade Heavens became much faster and more robust.

“Indeed, they seem like they’re merely encircling us, waiting for the Pill Hall and me to appear.” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flickered, “They’re giving the Roving Jade Heavens sufficient time to contact me, and giving me sufficient time to bring the Pill Hall over from the void’s outskirts.”

The enemies seemed to be aiming at the Vine Sovereign alone. They didn’t even besiege or alert the other parts of the Roving Jade Heavens.

They intended to leave an opening, which would allow the Prime Clear martial arts practitioners to break through the besiegement and contact Yan Zhaoge safely.

“They arrived here at an opportune moment.” Yan Zhaoge mumbled, “Luckily, the basic preparations for the Roving Jade Heavens had already been completed.”

He had thought of his enemies encircling the Roving Jade Heavens and blocking it.

However, he never expected them to take action suddenly.

Yan Zhaoge also had a surprise for these uninvited guests.

The Pill Hall that they coveted for so strongly wasn’t within the void’s boundless outskirts. Instead, it was within the Dao universe!