Chapter 1347 - Saber Breaking Ru Yi

Chapter 1347: Saber Breaking Ru Yi

The two Gao Qingxuan seemed to be unleashing their own attacks. However, with one soul in two bodies, the two attacks fused into one, combining forces with each other.

One of them was unleashing the Prime Clear Lineage’s Numinous Treasure Four Swords’ head, the Immortal Exterminating Sword.

The other one was unleashing her husband – Long Xingquan’s Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword!

The sword that opened the heavens and split the earth combined with the sword that would obliterate the entire world. Upon fusing, they resonated with each other.

Although it wasn’t a brand new peerless Supreme Martial Art like Yan Di’s Creation Saber, Gao Qingxuan’s two swords combined into one had caused an unprecedented transformation.

Her condition was exceptional, as she held her advantage. With one soul in two bodies, the two attacks seemed to have been unleashed by one person.

Such tacit wouldn’t even be achieved even if a pair of twins combined their swords.

If other pairs of people were to train together, they wouldn’t develop such proficiency even if they interacted for thousands of years.

As the two sword intents intertwined, it vaguely formed the circulating phantasm of the world being created, and the world reaching its end.

While it wasn’t as unique and complete as Yan Di’s Creation Saber, the sword qi and sword intent released by her main body and her clone resonated and fused into one. The two strengths almost on par with each other merged, which presented an extraordinarily majestic might.

With two swords unleashed together, Gao Qingxuan’s attacks were unobstructed. Once again, the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord’s dark-yellow sword-light was slashed apart!

“Not an illusory clone, but a clone that had also achieved the Five Qis Unifications Realm just like you?” Despite being knowledgeable, even the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, who was ten thousand years old, was baffled, “And this sword art, could it be…”

He looked at the Pill Hall and the Roving Jade Heavens once more, only to see the Roving Jade Heavens moving under the guidance of the streams of lights.

Hundred Eyed Demon Lord took a deep breath and suddenly took off his belt. He then took off his robes.

After the Great Calamity, Daoist Chuan He had always been wary of when the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord would come seeking revenge.

He had also investigated the capabilities of the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord.

Upon seeing his actions, Gao Qingxuan immediately thought of some related rumors.

As expected, after the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord stripped away his robes, he raised his hands together. Thousands of eyes located by his hypochondrium [1] started releasing golden fogs, along with golden radiances.

The dense yellow fog spewed out from his hypochondrium as if a cloud was being formed. Brilliant golden light shone from thousands of eyes like a scorching fire.

The radiant fogs headed towards Gao Qingxuan, enveloping her within.

After being trapped within this radiant fog, Gao Qingxuan could hardly move at all.

Using her combined attacks, she opened up a path for herself, regaining her freedom, which allowed her to move around within the radiant fog.

However, the radiant fog was bizarre and continuous. After being broken apart, it repaired itself automatically, trapping Gao Qingxuan within.

Gao Qingxuan’s expression remained unfazed. Her main body and her clone stood back-to-back against each other. While one was still unleashing the Immortal Exterminating Sword, the other switched her sword art. Rather than the Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword, she also unleashed the Immortal Exterminating Sword.

The two swords combined and struck once more. This time, there wasn’t any transformation in creation any longer, only her full-forced attack. Just like heavenly retribution, the devastating attack forcefully pierced through the radiant fog, breaking out from within.

Although Gao Qingxuan had rushed out from the radiant fog, when she turned her head, she saw the thousands of eyes by the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord’s hypochondrium continuously flickering. All-encompassing radiant fogs chased after her, attempting to envelop her within.

At the same time, by the cosmic void outside of the Dao universe, Great Immortal Ru Yi and other Great Demons had also arrived.

However, various other strong auras descended as well.

As the pure and translucent radiance shone, a golden buddha appeared!

Although his entire body was translucent, the weak radiance that shone wasn’t like the Buddha light emitted by Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’s Buddhis Bhantes.

This Buddha himself was emitting this radiance.

This was a Great Buddha that originated from the Western Pure Lands that had attained the great Dao through orthodox meditation.

His aura was the strongest. After him, a few other auras appeared as well. Among them, there were even the Nine Underworlds’ Demonic qi surging.

Fuluo Zi and the other Great Demons exchanged glances. They followed the plan and did what they were supposed to do.

Under the shine of the moonlight, the Profound Rime Fairy wielded her Medicine Pounding Staff and went up against the Western Pure Lands’ Bhante.

As Fuluo Zi deterred others present, he started writing runes in the air. Radiance shot out of the runes and started expanding outwards, slowly forming the shape of a web.

The Pure Lands’ Buddhist Bhante frowned upon seeing it.

Although he wasn’t sure what use the radiance net had, he had already contacted the Blessed Lands to send reinforcement.

He could feel the transformation happening within space. As the radiant net expanded, the warped space started retracting, forcing the nearby people to get caught up in the net.

This net seemed to be only targeting his foes. Although the Buddhist Bhante wanted to break the net apart, the Jade Rabbit Demon – the Profound Rime Fairy was continually interrupting him, forcing him to fight back.

On the other side, Great Immortal Ru Yi brought a group of Demon Race experts and rushed within the Dao universe, going straight for the Pill Hall.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord held grudges against the Roving Jade Heavens, but he did not.

The Pill Hall was Great Immortal Ru Yi’s biggest desire.

“You should still relax a little.” Currently, within the Pill Hall, Yan Zhaoge looked at Feng Yunsheng, who was standing beside him, “Continue maintaining the oppression towards the seal and don’t relax until you can stabilize it at your own will. Otherwise, if you were to go forward blindly, the demonic intent might increase, and you might not be able to deal with the consequences.”

“Got it.” Feng Yunsheng was clad in a white robe and held her black saber, “If that happened, I might even become a coordinate for people like the Wood Devil.”

As she was talking, her figure disappeared. When she reappeared, she was already outside the Pill Hall.

At this moment, Great Immortal Ru Yi was rushing towards the Pill Hall. Upon seeing Feng Yunsheng, he was startled.

“Human… or devil?” As he was surprised, he suddenly remembered an old rumor, “You’re that human that was contaminated by the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authoritative aura?”

Feng Yunsheng remained silent. As her ponytail swayed, the Cold Sun Divine Saber in her hand was unsheathed, accompanied by a ferocious roar!

The ruthless and ominous black fire demonic aura transformed into a horrifying sword, which slashed towards Great Immortal Ru Yi!

Twenty years ago, a doomsday seemed to have occurred within the Dao universe. Today, the horrifying aura which caused the phenomena of everything declining and withering appeared once more within the Dao universe.

Moreover, it was much stronger than twenty years ago!

Feng Yunsheng was merciless with her attack. An illusory brilliance also materialized above her head!

Only, it was different from Suo Mingzhang and Gao Han. It was also different from the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, who was in front of her.

The brilliance above her head was pure darkness.

Great Immortal Ru Yi dared not neglect the horrifying aura. He quickly took out his Ru Yi Golden Hook, along with Twin Flowers Converged Crown above his head, his entire aura skyrocketed.

As he threw his hook, an extremely fierce, violent, and unparalleled mightiness accompanied the hook.

Just like a divine cow that could lift the heavens, he was currently swaying the horns atop his head!

Feng Yunsheng’s expression remained calm, while her gaze focused. As she lifted the saber over her head, she brought it downwards with force capable of splitting an entire mountain apart, completely ignoring Great Immortal Ru Yi’s golden hook.

Wherever the horrifying dark saber reached, the cosmic void would seem to have been split in half.

As a violent brilliance flashed, and the Cold Sun Divine Saber clashed against the Ru Yi Golden Hook, Great Immortal Ru Yi could only feel his hand shuddering. He dare not go up against the saber, and quickly pulled the hook aside.

Even so, as he looked closely, many cracks had already appeared on the golden hook.

[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypochondrium#/media/File:Gray1220.png