Chapter 1348 - Battle Against The Group Of Demons

Seeing the cracks that appeared on his golden hook, Great Immortal Ru Yi sucked in a deep breath.

When their weapons collided, he could even feel that Feng Yunsheng had purposely held back her powers.

With this exchange of blows, Great Immortal Ru Yi became shocked, “Is the aura contaminated with the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority that horrifying?”

As this thought flashed across his mind, he pulled his golden hook and didn’t attempt to rush towards the Pill Hall anymore. He turned around and shot towards the streams of lights connecting the Pill Hall with the Roving Jade Heavens.

Although his aim was only the Pill Hall, slashing these streams of lights apart would cause the Roving Jade Heavens to remain by the Dao universe. While the Pill Hall might be able to retreat on its own, Great Immortal Ru Yi believed that Yan Zhaoge and the others wouldn’t give up just like that.

If Yan Zhaoge missed this opportunity, everyone would know his intentions of bringing the Roving Jade Heavens away. Yan Zhaoge’s chance of successfully executing his plan would be close to none with a planned ambush.

Since he decided to make a move, he needed to come to a conclusion today.

Although Great Immortal Ru Yi’s original form was a bull, he was unexpectedly agile. As his figure flashed, he had already closed in on Dragon King Huanchen and the others. With a swipe of his hook, a stream of light was slashed apart.

However, Feng Yunsheng pointed her jet-black long saber towards him and rushed towards his location.

“Scaredy cat.” The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord secretly scolded in his heart and flew towards where Feng Yunsheng was. Then, he opened his arms widely. Rays of golden lights shone from thousands of his eyes below his hypochondrium. The yellow fog was being spewed out as well, enveloping Feng Yunsheng.

Gao Qingxuan, who had previously dodged away from the radiance fog, immediately moved upon seeing this sight, in an attempt to attack Great Immortal Ru Yi, Dragon King Huanchen, and the others.

“Don’t think about leaving.” As the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord snorted, the radiance fog expanded and almost enveloped a small half of the Dao universe.

Everywhere the radiance fog came in contact with, space itself seemed to have frozen.

The yellow and dense radiance fog swept out, attempting to devour Feng Yunsheng and Gao Qingxuan within.

Upon seeing this, Feng Yunsheng took a deep breath and held the Cold Sun Divine Saber’s hilt with both her hands.

Then, she lifted it over her head.

“

Zha!

” A vague music note resounded from Feng Yunsheng’s mouth.

Then, the saber came slashing downwards. Wherever the saber-light passed, everything would wither and eventually reach its end, ultimately perishing.

The yellow and dense radiance fog was continuously dissipating by the sharpness of this dark saber-light.

Hundred Eyed Demon Lord glared at her. The dark-yellow radiance fog continuously surged out from his hypochondrium and continuously replenished the diminished fog, causing a stalemate situation.

Only, with this, the all-encompassing radiance fog suddenly couldn’t expand any longer.

Gao Qingxuan didn’t utter another word. Her main body and clone both rushed towards where Great Immortal Ru Yi and Dragon King Huanchen were!

After seeing how Gao Qingxuan fought against the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, Dragon King Huanchen dare not underestimate her. He turned around and faced the Gao Qingxuan, who was either a clone or her original body.

Facing the outstanding sword art – the Prime Clear Lineage’s Numinous Treasure Four Swords, Dragon King Huanchen was having a hard time dealing with it, and he was sweating like mad.

On the other side, Great Immortal Ru Yi, who already had Twin Flowers Converged Crown, had an easier time going against the other Gao Qingxuan.

However, contrary to how she faced the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, Gao Qingxuan wasn’t recklessly going against Great Immortal Ru Yi anymore.

She didn’t use any other sword arts. Instead, she only used the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual.

An ethereal red light flickered within the void. Despite being very agile, Great Immortal Ru Yi wasn’t able to capture its trace within a short amount of time.

“Not only can you change your sword art at will, after you switched to one single sword art, but you can also even contain the essence of all sorts of sword arts within. What an astonishing feat!” Great Immortal Ru Yi felt a little headache, “An exceptional descendent had come out from the Incongruence Divine Mother’s lineage.”

His foundations were denser than Gao Qingxuan, and he was taking the initiative more during the battle.

Great Immortal Ru Yi intended to attack the Pill Hall or even attack Long Xingquan, the Vine Sovereign, and the others. However, Gao Qingxuan’s flying speed and agility didn’t pale compared to him, making it hard for him to escape.

On the other side, Long Xingquan, the Vine Sovereign, Yue Zhenbei, and Daoist Cloud Conquest were fighting against the other Demon Race experts.

Four rays of sword-lights swept around the universe. Despite having the disadvantage in numbers, they weren’t in a disadvantageous situation at all. In fact, they were hunting down the group of Great Demons, fanatically attacking them, causing them to retreat from the streams of lights connecting the Roving Jade Heavens to the Pill Hall.

All four of them were sword cultivators. They were ruthless and decisive with their killing, and their attacks were extremely sharp as well. After a short while, the number of casualties was already piling up.

Currently, the white jade palace enveloped in purple fog and golden radiance was leisurely hanging by the sky. Through the cable-like streams of lights, it started pulling the entire Roving Jade Heavens close to it.

The palace’s doors were already open. Inside the door, and outside the door was a completely different universe.

At this moment, the entire Roving Jade Heavens turned into brilliance!

The colossal world transformed into streams of lights and entered the Pill Hall’s cosmos through the door.

Such a vast movement caused the entire Dao universe to tremble. No matter where everyone else was at, they could sense the tremble.

As for Fuluo Zi and the Jade Rabbit Demon fighting against forces outside of the Dao universe, their expressions turned serious, and uncontrollable anxiousness was written in their eyes.

This transformation in the Dao universe clearly meant that Yan Zhaoge’s plan of taking away the Roving Jade Heavens was successfully conducted. The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord and the other Great Demons weren’t able to halt the process.

Fuluo Zi’s radiance net extending outwards started converging together tightly and slowly formed an enormous bird nest that trapped numerous spaces.

Within the bird nest, rays of golden lights were flickering.

All of them were Buddhism bigwigs from the Western Pure Lands that came as reinforcements after receiving the current situation’s news.

They traversed through space and rushed towards the Dao universe. However, all their paths were connected to the bird nest’s insides, and it was hard for them to breakthrough within a short amount of time.

Fuluo Zi, who temporarily stopped the advancement of the Blessed Lands’ reinforcements, had no choice but to remain on the spot, as he couldn’t move away from here.

He sighed, “Fairy, go help them.”

As he spoke, brilliance appeared above his head. Then, he helped the Jade Rabbit Demon to hold back Buddhism’s Buddha.

“Thanks, Daoist.” The Jade Rabbit Demon did not utter another word. She held her Medicine Pounding Staff and quickly rushed towards the Dao universe.

Upon entering the Dao universe, she rushed towards the location of the Roving Jade Heavens. The Jade Rabbit Demon took a look at her surroundings and was baffled for a short while.

When her gaze fell upon the Pill Hall, she saw that the Roving Jade Heavens had already transformed into streams of lights, slowly being absorbed into the Pill Hall.

Within the void, silhouettes of one world after another appeared. Currently, even the worlds’ boundaries were crystal clear.

Those were worlds like the Eight Extremities Worlds, Vast Ocean Worlds, Floating Life Worlds, and various other worlds that were lower realms of the Roving Jade Heavens.

Since Yan Zhaoge and the others wanted to take away the Roving Jade Heavens, the lower realms and the population would naturally be brought along.

Upon seeing this, the Jade Rabbit demon immediately went after the Pill Hall.

Gao Qingxuan’s clone, who was fighting against Dragon King Huanchen, frowned. She temporarily pushed Dragon King Huanchen back with her sword and went to stop the Jade Rabbit Demon.

Although Dragon King Huanchen was temporarily forced to retreat, he immediately recovered, and chased after Gao Qingxuan.

Gao Qingxuan’s main body and clone both unleashed the Immortal Trapping Sword and blocked all their paths.

However, with these three Demon Race’s Small Saints continuously pushing forward, Great Immortal Ru Yi managed to slip through. He left Gao Qingxuan behind him and dashed towards the Pill Hall!