Chapter 1344 - Without Further Ado

Although Yan Zhaoge didn’t manage to refine the Pill Hall’s control thoroughly during the past twenty years, he was aware of the various transformations happening within the Pill Hall.

Previously, the Pill Hall’s cosmos’ outer boundary became blurry and continued expanding outwards, slowly forming its universe. It started inverting inwards not long ago, thus presenting the Pill Hall’s outer shape once more.

As the spatial boundaries of the various worlds within the Pill Hall’s cosmos warped against each other, it became much more congested. However, stability was still maintained.

It didn’t look like a cosmos anymore, as the Pill Hall presented its original Divine Palace appearance. Its movements also became much more hidden, thus making it convenient to enter the Dao universe. It wouldn’t be squashed between the “wall” of the two universes, alerting the White Deer Demon’s surveillance over this area.

The concealed Pill Hall was currently floating within the Dao universe, not far away from the Roving Jade Heavens.

Yan Zhaoge had already completed the Roving Jade Heavens preparations and intended to take action during the next few days.

The enemy’s sudden oppression caused some hurdles in his plans, which meant the chances of success would undoubtedly decrease by a considerable margin.

However, the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord and the other Great Demons didn’t possess any knowledge regarding the Roving Jade Heavens situation.

This was a chance for Yan Zhaoge and the others.

“Senior apprentice-uncle Gao, senior apprentice-uncle Long, please inform the Profound Sovereign, senior apprentice-uncle Long and the others that it’s about time we make a move.” Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone looked at Gao Xuebo, Long Xueji, and the others, “Our opponents might not be purely seeking revenge.”

“If they aren’t here for revenge alone, they must have other experts hiding aside, awaiting us.” Gao Xuebo’s expression became serious.

Other than the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord and the Dragon King Huanchen, if there were other Great Demons present, the Roving Jade Heavens might not be able to hold the line against them.

Yan Zhaoge said, “That’s right. Therefore, without further ado, let us take action now and catch them by surprise.”

“Little Ye, inform your grandparents, Cloud Emperor and the others.” Gao Xuebo nodded and ordered Yu Ye beside him.

“Yes, uncle.” Yu Ye, who was watching the Vine Sovereign’s actions, came back to her senses. After replying, she transformed into a ray of sword-light and flew away.

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone yelled softly, “Up!”

He stomped on the ground. With the mountain below him as the center, various runes appeared and started expanding outwards.

Within the Roving Jade Heavens, within the Nine Region’s landscape, within the world that spanned hundreds of millions of miles, radiances lit up simultaneously.

One massive formation after another erected from the ground and floated above the skies of the Roving Jade Heavens. Then, they resonated with each other, slowly fusing into a huge formation that seemed to envelop the entire Roving Jade Heavens.

Just like how the World beyond Worlds had migrated in the past, rays of light streams shot towards the skies. After exiting the Roving Jade Heavens, they intertwined with each other, traversing through the Dao universe.

Under the control of the Vine Sovereign, the eerie sword qi of the Roving Jade Heavens wasn’t affected at all. It was still operating like normal.

None of the two sides were affected. They were both doing what they were supposed to do.

Within the cosmic void outside of the Roving Jade Heavens, brilliance shone. Boundless and endless purple mists suddenly appeared, filling up the universe.

Within the sea of purple clouds, a white jade palace flashing with a myriad of golden lights appeared within the Dao universe, besides the Roving Jade Heavens.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, who was still leisurely oppressing the Roving Jade Heavens, and the Dragon King Huanchen, who was assisting by the side, were surprised upon seeing the palace.

“This…” The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord subconsciously turned his head to look at the Dragon King Huanchen, “Could that possibly be the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall?”

Dragon King Huanchen stared at the white jade palace and muttered, “It should be…”

An experienced person couldn’t stop himself from overthinking.

After the initial surprise, the two Great Demons immediately thought of this being a trap specifically laid down for them.

Have the Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortals been waiting here for us?

However, after thinking for a while, they felt it impossible.

The orthodox Daoism was currently conditioning themselves. If it weren’t necessary, they wouldn’t dig a trap for themselves.

Only, the Pill Hall, which they had been searching for, was right in front of their eyes the whole time. Upon seeing it, the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord and other Great Demons felt a sense of disbelief and held deep suspicions for it.

However, after seeing the light pillars connecting the Roving Jade Heavens with the Pill Hall, they were all shocked, “They’re planning to… take this world along with them?”

“Immediately notify Fuluo Zi and the others.” Dragon King Huanchen suddenly stood up upon the colorful clouds imbued with gold hue and ordered a Crimson Wyvern [1] to notify the others.

The Crimson Wyvern hurriedly left the Dao universe.

Fuluo Zi, Great Immortal Ru Yi, Profound Rime Fairy, and the other Demon Race bigwigs were also shocked by the Pill Hall being connected with the Roving Jade Heavens. Only, they weren’t able to tell what was happening.

They dispatched someone to find out what was happening. After meeting the Crimson Wyvern on the way, they quickly returned.

Upon hearing the reports of the Crimson Wyvern, the three Great Demons were all shocked.

“We almost let them escape!” said Great Immortal Ru Yi with an enraged gaze.

“Let’s quickly assist Daoist Hundred Eyes and Daoist Huanchen. Be careful of others that are still operating surveillance in this area,” said Fuluo Zi.

The group of Great Demons who were within the boundless void rushed towards the Dao universe.

On the other side, the forces that were surveilling the Dao universe slowly felt the commotion and became suspicious. They immediately went forward to the Dao universe to find out what was happening.

Suddenly, the situation started churning once more, just like when various powerhouses gathered twenty years ago. The entire Dao universe’s space started trembling.

At this moment, the warfare happening near the Roving Jade Heavens had turned into a much serious battle.

“You’re thinking of running away? It won’t be so easy!” The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord’s face turned livid. The bottom of his feet surged with a tremendous amount of momentum, and he lunged himself towards the Roving Jade Heavens!

After ordering someone to inform the others, Dragon King Huanchen also jumped down from the colorful clouds and headed straight towards the Pill Hall.

Above the Pill Hall, rays of golden radiances radiated.

Dragon King Huanchen snorted. He curled his fingers into a claw and grabbed towards the ray of golden light. At the same time, he said, “Little Xuan Cang, cut the connection between the Pill Hall and the Roving Jade Heavens!”

His son beside him replied, “Yes, father.”

Prince Xuan Cang, clad in armor, brought along a demons group and rushed out from the colorful clouds imbued in gold hue. They used all sorts of methods available to slash towards the streams of lights connecting the Roving Jade Heavens with the Pill Hall.

At this moment, numerous sword-lights flashed within the Roving Jade Heavens at the same time.

Imbued with the sword qi by the Roving Jade Heaven’s spatial boundary, it became even mightier.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Lord raised his brows. He immediately realized that this opponent wasn’t the Vine Sovereign anymore.

Currently, within the Roving Jade Heaven’s Green Duckweed Mountain, a green-shirt woman had taken over the Vine Sovereign by the main cliff. She took control over the Roving Jade Heavens, and the sword qi surrounding her shot towards the skies.

Other than the Vine Sovereign, Long Xingquan and Daoist Cloud Conquest were standing beside this green-shirt woman.

Long Xingquan’ expression was still as leisurely as ever as if he didn’t care about what was currently happening. Only, a longsword was in his hand.

Taking advantage of the time where the Roving Jade Heaven’s majestic sword qi managed to fend off the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord for a short moment, his figure flashed, and he already exited the Roving Jade Heavens.

[1] In the previous translation of other sources, it is referred to as red scaly dragon. We adapted to this translation instead.