Chapter 1357 - Afraid Of Progressing Too Fast

Chapter 1357: Afraid of Progressing Too Fast

The “Daoist Ling” that Chen Xuanzong mentioned was naturally the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

As for the “Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor,” he was naturally referring to one of the Four Imperials of Daoism – the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Upon hearing the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s name, a flicker flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, and he started being deep in thought.

Just like what Chen Xuanzong had said, he was naturally befitting of the “legend” title.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was also referred to as the Jade Clear True King, with his full title being the Supreme Lord of Divine Sky Jade Clear True King Longevity Emperor Prime Heaven Ruler Sage.

Along with the Heaven Reigning Purple Tenuity Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor, the Bearing Heaven Efficate Deep Virtue Great Light Earth Queen Deification, and the North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor, they were all referred to as the Four Imperials of Daoism.

Moreover, among the Four Imperials, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was the one with the best living condition among the Three Clear Lineages. After all, he was the direct successor of the Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Lord.

Dating back to the ancient Investitures of the Gods era, before he entered the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and was still under the guidance of the Primordial Heavenly Lord, he was referred to as the “Southern Extremity Old Immortal.”

The Southern Extremity Old Immortal was different from the Southern Extremity Old Man. Usually, the Southern Extremity Old Man was used to refer to the Longevity God.

After the Investitures of the Gods era, when the Southern Extremity Old Immortal had entered the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, he changed his title to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, which lasted until now.

During the days after the Great Calamity, when the orthodox Daoism was awaiting its flourishment, each lineage was on the verge of declining to nothingness, with only a few huge forces remaining. After many years of development, orthodox Daoism finally had signs of returning to its prime.

Just like Yan Zhaoge’s grandfather, who was also Yue Zhenbei’s master – Yan Xintang, his lineage was actually of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s lineage.

The Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong’s lineage would be passed down from the Jade Clear’s famous Guna Immortal – Master Amidst Cloud.

The Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen’s World beyond Worlds’ New Kunlun Mountain’s Qilin Cliff’s lineage originated from the Broad Accomplishment Master’s lineage.

The Red Sea lineage ruled over by the Northwestern Exalt – Luan Zulin originated from the Master Red Essence’s lineage.

One of the World beyond Worlds’ Five Emperors that had perished under the hands of Yan Zhaoge and the Mars Halberd – the Candle Sunlight Emperor’s lineage belonged to the Clear Illusory Moral Lord’s lineage.

As for Yan Zhaoge’s mother – Xue Chuqing, along with her Grand Master – the Exalted Wood Luminary’s lineage, it was the same as the World beyond Worlds’ Northeastern Exalt – Liu Zhenggu’s Green Sky Mountain’s Grave Thunder Palace, as well as the deceased Eastern Exalt – Daoist Oneheaven’s Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale. All three of these lineages originated from the lineage created by the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

The Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han, and the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing originated from the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace before the Great Calamity. They had received lectures from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor in the past.

Due to this layer of relationship, no matter how much the martial art practitioners’ ideologies originated from the Three Clear Lineages differs from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, they would still remain respectful towards him most of the time.

Even Chen Xuanzong was willing to pass the message to Yan Zhaoge.

Although the two sides had their conflict when moving the World beyond Worlds away, everything had passed. Currently, the two sides didn’t have any jarring conflicts.

Strictly speaking, The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Gao Han, Ling Qing, and the others were on the same line as Yan Zhaoge in terms of dealing with the heretics.

Besides, it was up to Yan Zhaoge whether he was willing to meet the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

“Since the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor summoned me, I shall answer to it,” answered Yan Zhaoge after contemplating for a while.

Although there weren’t any apparent conflicts or unresolvable hatred, Yan Zhaoge was still on-guard against the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han. After all, Gao Han might betray him at any time.

Of course, it was also possible for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor to do so.

For a bigwig expert of that level, the amount of information he possessed was sufficient in playing someone like a fiddle very easily.

However, Yan Zhaoge was willing to interact with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. After all, this made it easier for him to have a deeper understanding of the current situation and understand the truth behind more matters.

Besides, he had some questions in his heart. Maybe, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor would be able to answer his problems.

“Since the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor specifically summoned you, we won’t be able to replace you,” said Yan Di after being aware of the matter. “The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor shouldn’t be making things hard for you. However, you should be wary of others doing something behind your back.”

Xue Chuqing quietly stood aside and did not voice out anything.

Strictly speaking, her lineage belonged to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s lineage in the past. At such a moment, it wasn’t appropriate for her to support Yan Zhaoge, or object him from meeting the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

As such, she refused to speak and left Yan Zhaoge to decide for himself.

“You’re right. I’m thinking of this problem as well.” Yan Zhaoge looked at Yan Di, then looked at Xue Chuqing. Then, he smiled, “The Exalted Solar Luminary is untrustable.”

He turned his head to look at Feng Yunsheng, who was aside, “Yunsheng shall go along with me. As long as the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor doesn’t make things harder for us juniors, there shouldn’t be any problem.”

“Of course, we would have to be wary of the heretics, the Demon Race, and the people from the Western Pure Lands.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded with a smile.

Although the Pill Hall had transformed into the Awakened Sky Cosmos under Yan Zhaoge’s control, Yan Zhaoge wasn’t required to always remain by the Pill Hall.

Everything was already on the right track. As long as the order remains the same, the cosmos would be maintained for the meantime.

Yan Zhaoge was only needed if a change had to be made.

Usually, as long as Xue Chuqing presided over the Pill Hall, and maintained the formation, nothing out of the ordinary would happen.

After notifying the Roving Jade Heavens’ Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan and the others, Yan Zhaoge left the Awakened Sky Cosmos along with Feng Yunsheng.

“In the end, the Vine Sovereign still left.” On the way, Feng Yunsheng let out a sigh.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “Just let her be. We can’t do anything about it.”

He looked at Feng Yunsheng, “How about you? Is your condition still stable?”

“If I don’t fight against others, I might be able to suppress it for a few more years.” Feng Yunsheng’s expression was filled with helplessness.

Yan Zhaoge grinned, and his expression was filled with a mix of emotions.

Other people would do anything to move forward continuously and improve their strength. And yet, his wife was trying her best to slow down her improvement.

The two looked at each other and were both humored.

They continued chatting and walking like this. The two of them traversed through the void and headed towards the Astro Sovereign location.

Very quickly, they arrived at that particular exotic space.

After entering, a woman was already quietly waiting for them.

This was the woman whom he met twenty years ago during the massive battle within the Dao universe. She was the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

“Greetings, Exalted Lunar Luminary.” Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both greeted Ling Qing. Then, Ling Qing returned the courtesy with an unfazed expression.

She glanced across their faces.

Despite having more connections with Feng Yunsheng, Ling Qing didn’t pay any attention to her. Instead, her gaze stopped for a while when she glanced at Yan Zhaoge.

“The two of you, please follow me.” After Ling Qing completed her sentence, she retracted her gaze. She then flew up casually, exiting the exotic void, going deep towards the void’s boundless outskirts.