Chapter 1359 - Heading Towards The Five Elements Mountain Once More

Chapter 1359: Heading Towards the Five Elements Mountain Once More

Upon hearing the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s question, Yan Zhaoge’s heart quivered slightly.

In the past, after he had just obtained the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace, he accidentally stumbled into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and had even interacted with some people within. He didn’t massacre the group of people for the sake of keeping his presence a secret, as there was no need to.

Moreover, his cultivation was still weak during that time, which caught no one’s attention.

How did the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor get wind of this?

As he was contemplating, Yan Zhaoge’s face remained unfazed as he answered without any hesitation, “Indeed, I’ve went there before. At that time, I still wasn’t aware of the Western Pure Land’s existence and assumed that the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was the only remaining Buddhism lineage left.”

“Before this, the Western Pure Lands had always been in seclusion from the world. It wasn’t until a few years ago when they reappeared within the world,” said the thunderous voice within the void. “However, they’ve always existed.”

Yan Zhaoge started contemplating.

“When you were walking around the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, which world had you passed by?” asked the thunderous voice within the void.

After thinking for a while, Yan Zhaoge gave the names of a few worlds.

Those were the worlds where he passed by as he attempted to search for a way to escape from the White Lotus’ Blessed Lands.

Among them included the Obscured Way World, which was still in his mind even until now.

However, despite facing the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, he didn’t mention the question he had during that time. Instead, he merely mentioned the Obscured Way World along with the other worlds, as if there was nothing odd with it.

“The Buddhist world that’s called the Obscured Way World. Do you still remember its coordinates and the method of accessing that place?”

Without any surprise, upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s answer, the thunderous voice within the void specifically mentioned the Obscured Way World.

Yan Zhaoge calmly replied, “Indeed, I can find it. May I know if the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor has any request?”

The thunderous voice resounded, “The space where the Obscured Way World exists in is special. Despite being affected by the Great Calamity, one of its areas was still preserved perfectly. It’s called the Two Boundaries Mountain.”

“If the news that I received was true, some sort of existence was suppressed there.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded and did not continue the conversation. Instead, he quietly waited for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor to continue.

“If you’re free, do consider going to the Obscured Way World.” As expected, the thunderous voice continued.

“Your majesty, I’m not trying to reject you. Only, I’m aware of how reckless I usually am.” Yan Zhaoge asked, “May I know who set up the suppression seal? With my current cultivation, am I capable of handling such a responsibility?”

As he was talking, his gaze fell upon the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

“If Gao Han and Ling Qing went there, their intention would be very obvious.” The thunderous voice didn’t mind his behavior, “North Star, Incongruence, the newly-ascended Daoist Suo and I would easily be exposed by the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.”

“You’ve been to the Obscured Way World before. This time, you’ll be more familiar with that place. Now, your reputation is quite renowned as well. Moreover, since you’re related to the Pill Hall, you’ll attract others’ attention. However, Gao Han, Ling Qing, and I will cover up for you and attract the attention of both the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race.

Currently, the battle between the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court was at its most intense phase. Even if the Blessed Lands could afford to divert some of their attention away, it was still limited.

After the warfare between the two sides subsided, Yan Zhaoge and the others wouldn’t have such a good opportunity any longer.

The timing which the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor picked was the most appropriate.

“I didn’t ask you to go there for the seal.” The thunderous voice resounded.

A flicker flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, “Then, what would you like me to do?”

“You just have to confirm the identity of that existence being suppressed beneath the Two Boundaries Mountain,” said the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

“Yes, your majesty.” After pausing for a while, Yan Zhaoge said softly, “Your majesty, I’ve actually heard of this Two Boundaries Mountain before.”

“Based on the myths, during the mid-ancient era, it was the location where the Demon Race’s Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens was being suppressed at. Afterward, after being saved by a monk, he finally managed to acquire holy scriptures within the Western Mystical Mountain. This event caused Western Buddhism’s propaganda to be spread throughout the north once more, causing the Blessed Lands of Saha to flourish. Then, the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens became a Buddha. He was called the Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha.

The rolling thunderous sound turned into words comprehensible by humans. The tone of the thunderous voice was still as calm as ever, “Indeed, this legend is right. However, looking back now, it seems extremely suspicious.”

“Coincidentally, an unknown existence was found being suppressed at that location. Since the two match each other, there’s a need to clarify our doubts.”

Yan Zhaoge muttered within his heart.

An incomplete truth is always more deceptive than a fake lie.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t object to this theory.

However, Yan Zhaoge didn’t truly believe that the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had only discovered the person being suppressed beneath the Two Boundaries Mountain recently.

As for why the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor asked him to go, while Yan Zhaoge knew that it wasn’t based on impulse, he felt that there were some hidden intentions contained within.

If the higher-up bigwigs were being mindful of this matter, why didn’t they send someone to verify the truth in the past?

Yan Zhaoge turned his head and looked at Feng Yunsheng. The black jade bottle was undoubtedly the commission reward.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was straightforward enough and paid the deposit beforehand.

While Yan Zhaoge could reject, he didn’t feel like doing so.

In all honesty, he was also interested in the situation of the Two Boundaries Mountain and the Five Elements Mountain.

Others might be ignorant of it. However, in the past, he had personally entered the Obscured Way World and walked around the Two Boundaries Mountain for a long time. A strong guess was born within his heart.

The existence being suppressed beneath the mountain could possibly be that monkey that should have broken out ages ago!

At that time, his cultivation was still considerably weak, and his reputation wasn’t well-renowned either. He wouldn’t attract any sort of attention even if he walked around the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Now, things would be completely different. He would easily attract the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus top-notch bigwig experts’ attention.

Now that the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Gao Han, and Ling Qing would help him attract his enemy’s attention, this would undoubtedly be an excellent chance for him.

The matters regarding the Awakened Sky Cosmos, the Sky beyond Skies, and the Roving Jade Heavens had mostly been settled. There wouldn’t be any significant changes happening in the meantime.

He had just passed the Immortal Mortal Tribulation a while ago. Cultivating in seclusion was already ineffective to him.

For the current Yan Zhaoge, it was more beneficial for him to adventure outside and polish himself.

At this current cultivation realm, while he needed to spend time polishing his cultivation, he might not be able to improve by just polishing alone.

If the one beneath the mountain were that monkey, the uniqueness the monkey possessed would involve the secrets regarding the Demon Race, Buddhism, and even Daoism.

For the current Yan Zhaoge, its value far surpassed other treasures.

The only thing he needed to be aware of…

“Your majesty, how long do I have?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

“Starting from the moment you step into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, two hours,” answered the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

For an Immortal Realm expert, two hours was considered a decent amount of time, even if the time of journeying was included.

However, who would be able to predict what situation would play itself out beneath the Obscured Way World’s Two Boundaries Mountain?

From the looks of it now, two hours might pass in an instant.

“I still have to be wary of this being a trap.” Yan Zhaoge muttered in his heart, “However, the time should be sufficient.”