Chapter 1365 - Victorious Fighting Buddha Vs Bull Demon King

Chapter 1365: Victorious Fighting Buddha Vs Bull Demon King

Victorious Fighting Buddha fought against the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens – Bull Demon King.

Even Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but be appalled at such a sight.

At this moment, the two were fiercely clashing against each other. As the golden radiances and the black wind clashed against each other, it caused a blurry sight of nimbostratus clouds intertwined with radiances to spread all over the cosmos.

Yan Zhaoge took the chance to disregard all his worries. With the phenomenon of chaos within his eyes, he analyzed attentively.

Atop the green lotus, he saw a Golden Body Buddha with twenty heads and eighteen arms. His hands held a necklace, an umbrella cap, a vase, and fish intestines, a vajra, a treasured filer, a golden bell, a golden bow, a silver halberd, a banner, and various other treasures. The top of his head was shining with brilliance, causing a field of mackerel cloud to manifest atop. There was a lamp above the clouds, with a sarira within the lamp.

According to the ancient texts, this was precisely how the Victorious Fighting Buddha looked like when fighting against others.

This Buddha had a serene look and had sensible tranquility around him. One wouldn’t be able to make him out to be a Demon Race Great Sage of the past.

He sat upon the green lotus and remained in the same position. However, his eighteen arms danced around along with the treasures. While he seemed like he was merely spectating, his attacks enveloped his opponent, making it feel illusory.

Meanwhile, his opponent had transformed into a great white bull.

Judging from the size, the white bull wasn’t huge at all. In fact, it was much smaller compared to Great Immortal Ru Yi’s bull form, which Yan Zhaoge had defeated.

However, while the bull’s size was way smaller, the strength contained within far surpassed Great Immortal Ru Yi’s by miles.

Although the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s treasures enveloped the white bull with their attacks, the white bull continued rushing forward without stopping.

Its horns pointed towards the direction of the Buddha’s arms. He had to steer his treasures away from its iron tower-like horns.

Rays of translucent golden radiances shone down like raindrops. However, with just a jerk, the translucent radiances were shoved away, allowing it to move freely once more.

The white bull continued dashing forward in an attempt to knock the Buddha down from his green lotus.

With a sudden swipe of the bull’s tail, it hit towards the golden lamp’s sarira on top of the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s head.

Obviously, the Victorious Fighting Buddha wouldn’t give it the chance to do so. A radiance was released from the sarira, which crashed upon the bull’s tail, causing it to be blown away.

However, after trading blows for a while, the old bull did it once again. It swiped its tail towards the sarira once more.

Yan Zhaoge had no doubts that the strength of the tail’s swipe could easily destroy huge worlds like the Roving Jade Heavens or the World beyond Worlds.

If the bull’s tail clashed against the Obscured Way World or any other similar worlds, only dust would remain.

While the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s attacks seemed relaxed, the power contained within his attacks were sufficient to destroy the world as well.

All his arms came crashing towards the white bull. Not only were his attacks concentrated, each and every strike of his contained insurmountable weight.

Despite experiencing tremendous growth in terms of defense and strength after using the Heavenly Enlargement, it could barely withstand the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s force.

If it didn’t manifest the Heavenly Enlargement, it would’ve been drowned within the barrage of attacks.

“Let’s go!” Although Yan Zhaoge wanted to continue watching, he retracted his gaze.

After the Bull Demon King arrived, it managed to relieve the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s pressure. The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus finally got a moment of relief, allowing them to rebuild their fighting spirits.

With this, the Dingguang Joyous Buddha had the chance to display his mightiness once more. The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’s Bhantes regained their footings once more under his command.

However, the battle between the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Bull Demon King shocked even the entire world. The ripples released by their battle would be like a calamity for smaller worlds.

On the other hand, the battle between the two factions caused too many waves of ripples to propagate.

At this moment, the Buddhist worlds within the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus could possibly be witnessing the battle happening right before their eyes.

While others might not tell the details, such a havoc would more or less influence the prestige of the Future Buddha and various other Bhantes in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. It would cause the foundations of the Buddha light imbued with faith power to waver.

No matter how insignificant this might seem, it was a huge matter.

The Dingguang Joyous Buddha immediately displayed his Buddha light, which enveloped the surrounding worlds like a light screen.

Naturally, the Obscured Way World was included as well.

Fortunately, the Dingguang Joyous Buddha was currently focusing on the enemy forces from the Western Pure Lands. Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng did not need to worry.

Only, their path of retreat was cut off by the Dingguang Joyous Buddha.

“Let’s ignore it for now and continue forward,” said Yan Zhaoge. “If we appear in public now, we would truly end up being stuck.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Since the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens had arrived, if the Western Pure Lands doesn’t have more reinforcements coming, it would be difficult for them to acquire any results. In the end, they would still have to retreat.”

“The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus would then take the opportunity to regain their lost territory and chase after their enemies. That would be our chance of escaping.”

Yan Zhaoge said as he walked, “Exactly.”

The two quietly reached the connecting point between the Obscured Way World and the Two Boundaries Mountain.

Everything within the Obscured Way World was still the same as it was in the past. Everything was the same as when Yan Zhaoge had first arrived.

Due to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’s experts forcefully suppressing the effects of the colossal battle happening outside, the after-effects did not reach the Obscured Way World or any other surrounding worlds.

The citizens here were still chanting their sutras like normal. Hundreds of thousands of years were merely like a day to them.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both hid away without alerting anyone.

There were many Buddhist martial art practitioners around. However, they weren’t able to notice Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s cultivation like how they did in the past. After all, the disparity in cultivation was already far too huge.

The desolate mountains appeared in front of Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s eyes once again.

The former Five Elements Mountain, Two Boundaries Mountain, the current Sage Buddha Peak.

The Buddha, who named this mountain, was fighting a dreadful battle against others in the outside world.

Despite looking at the same scenery, Yan Zhaoge’s mindset was completely different than in the past.

“The Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha had already joined the Western Pure Lands since a long time ago. As such, he’s technically an enemy of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “Based on how the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus usually acts, they would try their best to erase the existence of him from the legends and scriptures to prevent others from knowing who he was.”

Within the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the legends of the Daoism Three Clear Lineage, and the information regarding the Amitabha Buddha and other Buddhism bigwigs were treated that way.

“However, the people of the Obscured Way World know who the Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha is. In fact, the Five Elements Mountain’s name had been changed to the Sage Buddha Peak a long time ago.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at the mountain range in a daze, “Why were the Namo Fighting Buddha and the Five Elements Mountain excluded from such alteration? Is it because this was where the Mystical Mountain’s Buddha had personally suppressed the Namo Victorious Buddha?”

“I still can’t hear anything,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge murmured, “I’ve been hearing it all this while.”

“Hold on.” After contemplating for a while, Feng Yunsheng shut her eyes.

Her aura instantly became dim and weak.

Due to specific reasons, Feng Yunsheng could hardly suppress her cultivation to a lower realm.

However, she could still do so for a short while.

She suppressed her cultivation to the Martial Grandmaster Realm.

Yan Zhaoge looked at her.

After a short while, Feng Yunsheng let out a long sigh, “After suppressing my cultivation to the Merging Avatar Martial Saint Realm, I could barely sense something. However, I can’t hear the context within.”

“I couldn’t hear anything when I was in the Seeing Divinity Martial Saint Realm. I also couldn’t hear anything when my cultivation was below the Martial Saint Realm.”