Chapter 1360 - Where The Daoism Heavenly Lord Could See

Yan Zhaoge quickly calculated within his heart. On the surface, he cupped his hands and replied sincerely, “Since it’s an order from your majesty, I shall obey it. Hopefully, I won’t disappoint your majesty.”

The thunderous voice resounded, “As long as you’re opportunistic enough, nothing is impossible.”

“May I return and make some preparations for this journey?” said Yan Zhaoge.

The thunderous voice within the void was slowly moving further away, “That’s fine. After you completed your preparations, inform Ling Qing.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded. Seeing that the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was going to leave, Yan Zhaoge suddenly spoke.

“Farewell, your majesty. I thank you for bestowing the supreme martial art to our Broad Creed Mountain’s lineage.”

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor remained silent, and the violent lightnings slowly faded away, reverting the nebula to its original appearance.

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge with a little hint of surprise, “Since when did the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor bestow upon our sect any supreme martial art… Wait, could it be the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Heart’s Will Thunder Incantation that our Grand Master had obtained out of pure coincidence in the past?”

“The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor purposely did so?” Feng Yunsheng was shocked at first. Then, she slowly came to a revelation, “Right, that Life Creation Heavenly Scripture is the most orthodox primordial lineage!”

If different people were to comprehend the same martial art, they would have their own understanding and comprehension upon reaching a higher level.

Even if they were disciples taught by the same master, their comprehension of the same martial art might hold some differences.

If these disciples were to pass down their teachings to their disciples, the new generation disciples’ comprehension would experience a disparity.

Even if they were clearly from the same sect, they originated from different places, which possessed some sort of specialty by itself.

The so-called orthodox primordial lineage was the lecture recordings presented personally by the Jade Clear Grand Master – the Primordial Heavenly Lord.

Despite originating from the same source, the information contained with this heavenly scripture wasn’t able to be comprehended by the later generations. It was the closest to the interpretation of the Primordial Heavenly Lord towards the great Dao.

As for how one cultivates and comprehends it, it all depends on the later generation. The amount of comprehension that they obtained might even be weaker compared to others.

However, such a heavenly scripture was undoubtedly the purest one. It was the original scripture and was the closest to explaining the Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Lord Grand Master’s teachings.

In the past, within the Floating Gate World governed over by the Dao universe’s World beyond Worlds, Yuan Zhengfeng had entered an ancient cave manor and obtained the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture.

This implied that the recordings within the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture originated from someone who had personally listened to the Primordial Heavenly Lord’s lecture.

Coupled with the Heart’s Will Thunder Incantation, Yan Zhaoge had already suspected that the Jade Clear Lord of All Thunder – Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was the one that left the scriptures in that cave manor.

Only, at that time, the amount of information he had regarding the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and other orthodox Daoism bigwig experts were limited. As such, he didn’t overthink it.

Perhaps, this was a manor left behind by the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, which coincidentally benefited Yuan Zhengfeng and the Broad Creed Mountain?

However, it was hard for Yan Zhaoge to think like that now.

The thing he was currently thinking of was since when the Broad Creed Mountain or even he himself was put under the surveillance of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor?

Previously, the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Heart’s Will Thunder Incantation might be something that the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor casually left behind. After all, a pre-investment was better than nothing.

Until now, after Yan Zhaoge and the Broad Creed Mountain had finally flourished, the two sides started officially coming in contact with each other.

However, since when did the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor start to watch over me?

Others might not look too deep into this matter.

However, as the manifestation of the Heavenly Court Divine Palace’s Martial Repository spirit that had perished along with the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and only reincarnated after a long time, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t stop himself looking deeper into this matter. After all, the one he was facing was one of the few moguls within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace – the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

When he came to meet the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, he already intended to investigate this matter.

For now, the rewards that he had acquired was far more extensive than what he imagined.

“Previously, I’ve had some suspicions, but no proof to back it up.” Yan Zhaoge sent a voice transmission to answer Feng Yunsheng, “However, looking at how the situation is now, it might just be possible.”

Although the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor neither admitted nor denied Yan Zhaoge’s statement and seemed to be mystifying himself, Yan Zhaoge’s instinct told him that it was true.

Of course, he would need to investigate more matters to understand what had happened.

“The Extreme Yang Seal and the Extreme Yin Crown had remained by the Eight Extremities Worlds since a long time ago. At that time, you and I weren’t their owners yet.” Although Feng Yunsheng said so, her tone was still filled with uncertainty, “Also, when I acquired the mortal shell of the Exalted Rahu Luminary’s Rahu Saber…”

Yan Zhaoge said, “The knowledge we currently possess is limited. Let’s not jump into conclusions too hastily.”

The two ended their voice transmission conversation, and Yan Zhaoge looked towards the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

Ling Qing was also looking towards them. Her expression remained plain, and her aura remained cold.

“I’d have to trouble you in the future, senior,” said Yan Zhaoge with a straight face.

“Before you take action, inform me. I will contact the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Gao Han to help you divert the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’s attention.”

Yan Zhaoge replied, “Naturally.”

Feng Yunsheng then bowed towards Ling Qing, “Take care, senior.”

After the two bid farewell to Ling Qing, they flew upwards and left the nebula.

After leaving the nebula, the two flew back to where the Pill Hall was located.

On the way, the two were still on their guard, cleaning up all sorts of traces left behind to prevent others from secretly following them.

One can’t be too careful. Even if they weren’t afraid of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Gao Han, and the others, they had to be wary of their opponents.

“This bottle seems like a treasure that was just refined by the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.” Yan Zhaoge took the black jade bottle in Feng Yunsheng’s hand and caressed it, “It’s not crafted by one material alone. Instead, it’s fused with all sorts of spiritual soils and was smelted along with some papers offerings.”

“Holy… There’s the Nine Underworlds Dark Soil, the Profound Shaped Devil Stones, and even the Nine Underworlds Desolate Spiritual Stone. Oh my, there are at least seven kinds of Nine Underworlds treasures smelted within.”

Yan Zhaoge softly shook his head. “Even with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s capabilities, it’s difficult for him to collect so many kinds of precious treasures within such a short amount of time. After the Great Calamity, this becomes more apparent where the situation became terrible for our Three Clear Lineage.”

“Did he prepare this beforehand, specifically used to support the Exalted Rahu Luminary to make her move?” whispered Feng Yunsheng softly, “After the Exalted Rahu Luminary succeeds, this item would then see its uses.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Indeed. Only, the original plan was to target the Devil of Aged Metal. And yet, to everyone’s surprise, the Exalted Rahu Luminary decided to swindle away the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority instead.”

“As such, this black jade bottle would only assist you a little. It won’t see any decisive uses. As such, you still have to remain very cautious.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “I’m aware of this myself.”

She retrieved the black jade bottle from Yan Zhaoge’s hand and analyzed it, “However, with this treasure’s assistance, I’ll be able to do more things, and I can be a little braver.”