Chapter 1367 - Great Sage Equalling Heavens!

Yan Zhaoge could only feel a gaze silently staring at him out of nowhere.

He looked towards Feng Yunsheng. The two knew each other well enough, and no words were required to be said. Feng Yunsheng said, “Previously, I wasn’t able to hear it. However, I can see it now.”

“We’ve already entered the internal part of the first layer of seal. This seal wouldn’t hinder us from meeting the other party,” said Yan Zhaoge.

The reason why the roaring sound disappeared wasn’t because the source stopped roaring.

The source wasn’t an existence that was being suppressed here. Instead, it came from an unresigned intent filled with rage which materialized itself within the space.

If the owner ignored it, it would remain in this space eternally.

When the person suppressed here noticed Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, he shifted his attention towards them, causing the voice to disappear naturally.

The ruthless and tyrannical gaze was sufficient in causing a chill down other people’s spine.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both reaffirmed themselves mentally and continued walking towards the insides of the mountain.

As they were walking, they felt something and raised their heads together.

A pair of bronze mirror-like eyes were staring at them!

The gaze was no longer invisible. Instead, it seemed like a mirror light that illuminated through anything within the boundless darkness. Nothing would be able to escape its illumination.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s body felt numb while being stared at by this gaze.

The feeling seemed to exist between reality and illusion, and it was continually transforming. It would ignore the two’s Immortal physique and directly affected their souls, causing their minds to go blank. Otherwise, it would ignore their soul and affect their physique, rendering them unable to move at all after being paralyzed.

The phenomenon of chaos loomed within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, while the devilish blue-black flames within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes transformed into empty darkness.

After the feelings transitioned for a few rounds, the two finally managed to stabilize their soul and physique once more.

The mirror-like gaze didn’t go overboard either, and the gaze was suddenly retracted.

Then, a silhouette descended from the sky and appeared in front of the two!

After Yan Zhaoge made out his appearance, he couldn’t stop his mouth from twitching.

Although his figure wasn’t that huge, he seemed domineering enough simply by crouching there. He appeared to be capable of carrying the entire heavens; his feet seemed to be stepping on the Netherworld’s Yellow Springs, while his head seemed to be supporting the whole Nine Heavens.

He had an apish and hairy face. He wore a phoenix feather purple golden crown, and he was clad in golden armor. He wore a pair of lotus silk root cloud-stepping shoes and held a rod by his hand. Currently, he was staring at both Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Seeing the ruthless golden fur primate that seemed to be unbounded by any rules, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t calm himself down despite already guessing the other person’s identity.

The one that appeared in front of them was the legendary Monkey King, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens – Sun Wukong!

However, if Sun Wukong is here, what about that Victorious Fighting Buddha outside?

Did the Buddha mistake him for someone else?

Or was this monkey fake instead?

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both stared at each other. They could make out the uncertainty within each other’s gaze.

“A Jade Clear disciple and A Devil’s successor?” The ruthless monkey started speaking first.

He looked at both Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng with a confused gaze.

“How queer, how queer!” The monkey looked at Feng Yunsheng, “At first glance, you’re a Devil’s successor. However, why can I feel that your foundations originated from the Jade Clear and Grand Clear?”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge again, “You’re even weirder… Wait, you cultivate all Three Clears?”

The monkey laughed suddenly, “Interesting, truly interesting!”

Before the laughter stopped, the monkey suddenly gasped, “You’re such a strange person!”

In a short period of time, his expression had continuously transformed many times. In the end, his expression turned back into his confused expression as he stared at Yan Zhaoge and remained silent.

“What did he make out?” Numerous thoughts flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s mind. Without any change in expression, he cupped his hands towards the monkey, “Jade Clear disciple – Yan Zhaoge. This is my wife, and also my junior apprentice-sister of the same sect. Due to specific reasons, she now possesses the power of the Nine Underworld’s Great Devils. However, she isn’t a Devil’s successor.”

“How should we call you?”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s question, the monkey raised his head and laughed, “I wonder how long have I remained in this mountain? Even a junior doesn’t recognize the Old Sun anymore?”

Hearing how the monkey referred to himself as Yan Zhaoge blurted out, “Eastern Continent of Superior Deity’s Aolai Kingdom’s Mountain of Flower and Fruit’s Water Curtain Cave’s owner – Great Sage Equalling Heavens – Monkey King Sun Wukong!”

“

Oh?

So you still recognize me,” said the monkey with a smile. “Why did you pretend not to know me then?”

After Yan Zhaoge remained silent for a while, and said, “Because, not long ago, I saw another Great Sage Equalling Heavens.”

The monkey’s eyes widened upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words.

Boundless murderous and ruthless intent leaked out from him, causing even the mountains to shudder.

“He’s outside of the mountain?” The monkey couldn’t control his rage anymore. His body instantly expanded fanatically, causing the entire Two Boundaries Mountain to experience an earthquake!”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng quickly stabilized themselves and stepped backward.

The monkey had already gone crazy, and veins were appearing on his eyes. His figure transformed into a larger size than the sun itself, as if he was about to burst through the skies.

However, a seemingly non-existent seal suddenly appeared and enveloped the entire Two Boundaries Mountain.

A brilliant fog even more majestic than the cosmos’ galaxy sealed the Two Boundaries Mountain off and started suppressing the lunatic towering monkey.

The monkey’s figure started to shrink speedily. He was forced backward by the fog and knocked against the mountain’s rocks.

When Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng looked closely, they saw an unremarkable spiritual stone embedded into the mountain’s rocks.

Half of the spiritual stone was exposed outside, while the other half was buried within the mountain’s rocks.

The monkey’s figure was forced into the small stone. As he attempted to escape once more, he was sealed back inside.

After repeatedly attempting to escape many times, the monkey still refused to give up. He rampaged around and let out an angry roar.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng could hear his roars. They subconsciously covered their ears, and yet they felt as if their eardrums would shatter soon.

“Such strength! He’s been sealed for such a long time and shouldn’t have been able to exert his strength at all. And yet, he’s still capable of causing such a huge commotion.” Yan Zhaoge now understood. The monkey that appeared in front of them was merely a projection of himself.

The spiritual stone by the mountain’s rocks was his original form after being sealed.

“I might’ve said some vague stuff previously. Please don’t blame me, Great Sage,” said Yan Zhaoge. “The one outside isn’t called the Great Sage Equalling Heavens anymore. Most people would refer to him as the Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha.”

“What nonsense is that Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha!” scolded Sun Wukong.

Yan Zhaoge could hear that something was wrong. He purposely said, “Indeed, indeed. You were the one that protected the Buddhist monk – Sanzang and helped him acquire the Buddhist Scriptures, causing the teachings of Buddhism to descend upon the East once again. Such course of action drove the flourishing of the central Blessed Lands of Saha and Buddhism in the East. Then, you attained Buddhism Enlightenment, and transformed into a Buddha…”

Before he finished speaking, he was interrupted by the monkey, “Nonsense! Since when did I turn into a Buddha?”

Yan Zhaoge wasn’t displeased by the monkey disrupting his words. Instead, he immediately asked, “If that’s the case, you weren’t suppressed here once again after acquiring the Buddhist Scriptures, turning into a Buddha, and attaining Buddhism Enlightenment?”