Chapter 1363 - The Queer Two Boundaries Mountain

Chapter 1363: The Queer Two Boundaries Mountain

The two heretic forces – the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court had been fighting for the faith power and solidifying their personal beliefs for countless years.

Previously, the Immortal Court’s group of Immortals were massacred by Suo Mingzhang, causing the balance of power between the two to be thrown off. As a result, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus took advantage of the situation and recklessly invaded the Immortal Court.

Ultimately, both sides called for assistance as well.

As an orthodox Buddhism faction, the Western Pure Lands were the natural enemies of the Buddhism heretics. As such, they assisted the Immortal Court.

Meanwhile, the Demon Race sided with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Unbeknownst whether both sides had come to a tacit understanding, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had been fighting their old enemy – the Immortal Court, whilst the Western Pure Lands had been fighting against the Demon Race.

They rarely crossed paths with other factions.

Due to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus gaining the upper-hand, warfare mostly happened within the Immortal Court.

Based on what Yan Zhaoge knew, this was the first time the Western Pure Lands’ orthodox Buddhism successor had ever set foot upon the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus!

“Is this the start of their counter-attack, or is this the sign of their warfare getting more intense?” Many different thoughts instantly flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s mind, “Are the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race sending more experts into the war?”

While he was thinking, Yan Zhaoge did not delay his actions at all. He continued rushing towards the Obscured Way World.

Upon entering the Obscured Way World, Yan Zhaoge saw the same scenery that he saw in the past.

However, contrary to the first time Yan Zhaoge had entered this location, a violent roar capable of resounding throughout the ancient eras.

“Master?!”

Resentment, unwillingness, shock, sadness, suspicion, disappointment. Various emotions seemed to have traversed through time and space, existing within this space eternally.

Compared to when Yan Zhaoge had first entered, he was currently far stronger than he was in the past.

However, the enraged roar became louder as well, causing his eardrums to almost explode.

At the same time, it was even more capable of shaking one’s emotions. The violent and ruthless emotions clashed against Yan Zhaoge’s heart, causing it to become unstable.

“As expected, the higher the cultivation realm, the clearer you can hear the roar,

huh

?” Yan Zhaoge turned around to look at Feng Yunsheng. However, he was greeted with Feng Yunsheng’s blank expression.

Upon coming in contact with Yan Zhaoge’s inquiring gaze, Feng Yunsheng instantly understood what he meant. However, her confused expression became even denser, “You heard that sound once more?”

“You… didn’t hear it?” Yan Zhaoge was perplexed.

“Nope.” Feng Yunsheng first nodded and shook her head, “You mentioned the roar the first time we arrived here. As such, I attempted to listen to the voice that you mentioned after arriving here again. And yet, I never heard anything, which left me confused.”

In the past, she had heard the ethereal sound previously. If Yan Zhaoge didn’t specifically ask about it, she would’ve assumed that she misheard it.

Currently, her cultivation strength far surpassed her past self. In fact, it was even higher than Yan Zhaoge. And yet, she still couldn’t hear anything at all.

Feng Yunsheng was still pondering if the voice that resounded from the Two Boundaries Mountain was being cut off or if the owner of the voice had already disappeared. However, after seeing Yan Zhaoge’s expression, her heart thumped.

“What’s going on?” Feng Yunsheng frowned, “Such a queer occurrence!”

Yan Zhaoge contemplated as he looked towards the direction of the Two Boundaries Mountain.

The violent roar seemed to have existed in the past, present, and future. Every single moment, it continuously resounded beside Yan Zhaoge’s ears.

As Yan Zhaoge was still pondering, Feng Yunsheng’s expression and his changed slightly. Both of them turned their heads.

Their gaze traversed through the Obscured Way World’s spatial boundaries, looking towards the external cosmic void.

There, an incredibly shocking power presented itself. Under the shine of numerous golden lamps, countless shadows appeared atop the green lotuses. They slowly formed into the Buddhism experts of the Western Pure Lands.

The one in the lead was imbued with golden radiances, causing his appearance to be concealed. However, the seemingly boundless Buddhism chanting implied that this was a Buddhism bigwig comparable to a Daoism Heavenly Lord!

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was quick to react as well. Very quickly, numerous white lotuses bloomed within the cosmos, making the green lotuses less unique.

Although the radiance released by the white lotus wasn’t as brilliant as the green lotus, they won in terms of numbers.

The person in lead was also a Buddhism heretic expert that was comparable to a Daoism Heavenly Lord.

However, his strength was far weaker than the person in charge of the Western Pure Lands.

Before the two sides had even fought, the chanting of Buddhist scriptures above the green lotus had already oppressed the voice released by the white lotus.

The Buddha light was ethereal. However, as it was flickering, the intent contained within couldn’t be interpreted by others. While it might sound contradicting, it retained its profundities within, secretly fusing the heavens’ laws within.

However, due to the two brawling against each other, the side that was at a disadvantage was being oppressed, causing the profundities contained within to dissipate slowly.

Amidst the white lotus’ Buddha light, the figure of a Buddha slowly appeared.

Yan Zhaoge contained the chaos within his body. He circulated the Peerless Heavenly Scripture and cleared away all impurities within his sight. He concentrated his gaze and looked towards the direction of the Buddha.

The disparity in cultivation between the two was considerably huge. Usually, if Yan Zhaoge were to look directly towards the Buddha, he would be noticed.

However, the Buddha by the white lotus, was being forced into a sorry state by his opponent. He had no way of noticing Yan Zhaoge, who was staring at him in the Obscured Way World.

On the contrary, Feng Yunsheng’s cultivation was closer to the Buddha. Even if she were to stare directly towards him, the Buddha wouldn’t be able to notice her while being distracted.

After seeing the Buddha’s appearance, Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned weird.

Feng Yunsheng glanced at him, “You recognize him?”

“I’m not certain. I’ve only seen his portrait before. However, he truly resembles the portrait.” Yan Zhaoge pouted, “He’s considered to be someone famous. In the past, he was called the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal. After entering Buddhism, he referred to himself as Dingguang Joyous Buddha.”

Feng Yunsheng was perplexed, “That person,

huh

… he entered the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus after that?”

“Seems like it. However, there’s something weird about this.” Yan Zhaoge retracted his gaze, “Let’s not discuss how he acts first. According to the rumors, the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal was already in the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm during the ancient Investitures of the Gods era. However, from the looks of it now, he’s only on par with a heretic Heavenly Immortal.”

Within Buddhism, each realm had its classification.

Most of the time, the terms Buddha, Bodhisattva, and The Reveal Truth Venerable Man were formal terms. It didn’t classify their cultivation realm.

Only, Daoists are more used to classifying them using their own method. As such, they compared the Buddhists’ cultivation realm together with the Heavenly Immortal Realm, the Virtual Immortal Realm, the Profound Immortal Realm, and the True Immortal Realm, as it was much more convenient.

As a result, some Great Bodhisattvas might even be stronger than other Buddhas.

For example, Bodhisattvas, such as Manjushri, Samantabhadra, Guanshiyin, Jizo, Mahasthamaprapta, and other Buddhas, weren’t on par with the Daoism Virtual Immortal Heavenly Monarchs. Instead, they could rival the strength of Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm.

The Dingguang Joyous Buddha had indeed ascended to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm before he entered Buddhism.

However, from the looks of it now, he seemed like a Daoism Virtual Immortal that accepted the Future Buddha’s illumination, which allowed him to ascend to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm once more.

Unfortunately, he was only a heretic Grand Heavenly Immortal.

Although he was considered exceptional among the heretics, he might not be as strong as when he previously became a Buddha.

“Did he receive a tribulation?” Yan Zhaoge contemplated, “I wonder who’s that person beneath the golden lamp, sitting on the green lotus?”