Chapter 1366 - The Seal Beneath The Mountain Still Exists

Chapter 1366: The Seal Beneath the Mountain Still Exists

After hearing Feng Yunsheng’s description, Yan Zhaoge contemplated, “From the looks of it, there’s more than one seal here. Instead, there should be two layers of seals placed here.”

“While the two-layer seals overlapped with each other, a small crevice was formed. As a result, someone with mid-tier cultivation would be able to make something out, while others with a lower or higher cultivation wouldn’t be able to notice anything. Is that what you’re implying?” Feng Yunsheng understood Yan Zhaoge’s words.

“That’s my guess for now. I’m not certain of the answers yet.” As Yan Zhaoge spoke, he walked towards the mountain range of another world.

Compared to the first time Yan Zhaoge had arrived here, his current cultivation was far higher.

However, what he experienced was no different from the past.

No matter how long he walked, he seemed to be walking on the spot, unable to get closer to the mountain range.

However, he wasn’t disheartened. As he was walking, he was thoroughly analyzing the transformation in space and the rhythm of spirit qi within the air.

“We shouldn’t use brute force, right?” Feng Yunsheng was beside him, “It might attract the attention of the experts that are currently fighting outside.”

“Not only that.” While observing, Yan Zhaoge answered, “This might have been the trace left behind by the Mystical Mountain’s Tathagata Buddha – the Gautama Buddha.”

“While the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor or even other existences know what had transpired here, they can’t personally come here themselves, as they will risk triggering the arrangements left behind by the Tathagata Buddha. After all, no one knows if the past arrangements are still effective, or if the Buddha himself is still being attentive over this place.”

Although the former master of the central Saha – the Tathagata Buddha had already transcended, others viewed him the same as the Three Clear Grand Masters. No one knew whether they would return if something had triggered their rage. As such, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the others had to deal with them carefully.

If such an existence placed his attention on this place once more, the outcome would become unpredictable.

“Why did that Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor ask you to come here then?” Feng Yunsheng frowned.

“Only to have a look around. If I don’t let the person being suppressed here out, there shouldn’t be any problems,” said Yan Zhaoge.

After contemplating for a while, he whispered beside Feng Yunsheng’s ear.

Feng Yunsheng nodded, and devilish blue-black flames started flickering while being contained within her eyes. The black flames and devilish aura seemed to have transformed into a layer of thin mist, which shrouded her eyes, causing a dim radiance to flicker in the center of her eyes.

She sat in a lotus position within the void while waiting patiently.

After a long while, the sight of the world in front of her entered her eyes. Numerous blue-black lines appeared within the void, which then intertwined with each other.

Only then did Feng Yunsheng stand up once again and continued striding forward.

She walked upon the blue-black crevices and traversed through the fabrics of void.

Yan Zhaoge followed after her. While walking, he continued analyzing the transformation of the space.

Although the two seemed to be wandering, they slowly closed in towards the world where the mountain range was located at. They were getting closer and closer to the Two Boundaries Mountain.

After walking for a while longer, Feng Yunsheng suddenly halted, “There’s a transformation.”

At this moment, the blue-black lines within the void were still densely formed in her eyes. However, looking past the overlapping nets, she could see a field of brilliance by the Two Boundaries Mountain’s mountain foot, as if a layer of blue-black mist was shrouding it.

“From the looks of it, it does look like a double-layered seal. Only, we have no idea if the same person laid down the seals,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “We’ll know after we reach the mountain foot and feel how strong the second layer of the seal is.”

As the two continued walking forward, they walked around within the void. Through a long period of venturing, they finally arrived by the mountain range.

Although this place was in the wild, it was filled with an abundance of pale Buddha light, causing the tranquil intent to leak outwards.

If one concentrated and stared at the mountain range for an extended amount of time, they would vaguely be able to make out a translucent scenery. The mountain range would then appear to be transparent as well.

Even Yan Zhaoge felt a little emotional upon seeing such a historical mountain that was filled with all sorts of legends.

“While the invasion of the Western Pure Lands had cut off our path of retreat, it bought us sufficient time.” Yan Zhaoge placed his hands on his waist and turned his head to look at the void, “Based on the current situation of the battle, we have more than two hours to make our move.”

“However, once the victor has been decided, we would have to take the opportunity to leave this place. Let’s not waste our time here.” The blue-black fiery radiance within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes had yet to dissipate, making her view the world in a dim shade.

As they got nearer to the mountain range, the radiating mist became dimmer and dimmer within her eyes.

However, that didn’t imply that the radiance had turned weak. Instead, the radiance was being restrained.

The closer they got, the stronger the influence of the seal. The majestic phenomenon started concealing itself, becoming undetectable by others.

“As long as we don’t attempt to touch the seal, the second layer of the seal wouldn’t display its might and wouldn’t stop us from getting closer.” Yan Zhaoge mumbled.

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “However, the first layer of seal outside could easily prevent others from getting near it.”

Yan Zhaoge subconsciously looked towards the top of the mountain in an attempt to find out whether the six-words mantra talisman written by the Mystical Mountain’s Tathagata Buddha was still around.

However, that spot was already empty.

“Let’s go down first.” As Yan Zhaoge spoke, the two held their hands and walked down towards the mountain foot.

Upon reaching the mountain foot, they first walked around the external mountain range and discovered nothing.

The raging roar was still resounding non-stop beside Yan Zhaoge’s ears. It seemed to be resonating from all corners of the mountain range, making it hard for him to determine the source.

They continued walking deep within the mountains.

Here, they finally came in contact with the brilliant mist.

The brilliant mist didn’t undergo any transformation, nor did it forbid the two from entering.

After passing through the mist, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both looked at each other, “The same person didn’t lay down the two layers of seals.”

The seemingly useless first layer of seal that didn’t hinder their entry was far stronger than the second layer of seal outside.

Without accounting for being discovered by the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Bull Demon King, and the others, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng could still attempt to break through the second layer of seal. However, the first layer of seal right in front of them was impossible to be broken through forcefully.

“The Mystical Mountain’s Tathagata Buddha laid this down in the past?” Feng Yunsheng looked towards Yan Zhaoge with a perplexed expression, “Didn’t the Buddhist monk Sanzang open it up? The Buddha’s six-words mantra that should’ve been on top of the mountain can’t be found anywhere here as well.”

“Is this the remnant of the seal, or was a new seal laid down?”

Yan Zhaoge didn’t reply immediately. Instead, he sunk deep into thought.

After a while, he said, “Let’s continue walking inside.”

After walking for a while, the continuous raging roar suddenly stopped.

All kinds of sounds suddenly converged.

However, Yan Zhaoge felt a chill down his spine.

He felt as if a pair of eyes were staring at him.