Chapter 1364 - Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha

Chapter 1364: Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha

Yan Zhaoge wasn’t sure whether an expert on par with a Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortal would be forcefully illuminated by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord or the Future Buddha.

However, from the perspective of benefits, a Grand Heavenly Immortal did not need to join a heretic force.

From the looks of it now, the rewards and sacrifices weren’t balanced at all.

At first, Yan Zhaoge was still a little surprised when he saw the Dingguang Joyous Buddha.

However, after taking a closer look, he came to a revelation.

The Dingguang Joyous Buddha must have previously received a tribulation, causing his realm to decline. Afterward, he lost all hopes of returning to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm, thus resulting in him joining the heretics.

When one reaches his level of cultivation, he would perceive and cultivate the world’s laws. His external body would return to the heavens and earth, while his body would only present internally. Everything would fuse as one, with no differences between them.

As such, it wouldn’t matter if he had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm previously with his talents. If he couldn’t ascend once more using the same method and borrowed the aide of the power of faith, his strength would only come close to the Buddhas of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. He wouldn’t be as strong as a Grand Heavenly Immortal.

Only that, he had rock-solid foundations, and he wasn’t weak as well.

However, he was far from being capable of facing his current opponent.

Just by coming in contact with each other, the Dingguang Joyous Buddha had already lost, forcing him into retreat.

When he retreated, the defensive line formed by white lotus collapsed. The golden lamps and the green lotus continuously expanded, stirring up an all-encompassing momentum, as if it was about to envelop the entire Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, causing the whole world to transform.

The Future Buddha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord fought in a higher plane of the battlefield, holding each other back.

At this moment, an orthodox Buddhism Buddha that was on par with a Daoism Heavenly Lord held an insurmountable amount of threat towards the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

However, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was the Future Buddha’s Land of Buddhism, after all. Even if the bigwig experts that originated from the orthodox Buddhism lineage wanted to walk upon it, they would have to remain cautious.

Rays of Buddha light imbued with faith power shot out from various areas of the Land of Buddhism and intertwined with each other, forming a net, which prevented the green lotuses from being reckless.

Who knew whether the Future Buddha would suddenly decide to attack them instead?

As the two sides were clashing against each other, numerous Demonic winds appeared outside of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

The Demonic winds were like black fogs as it blotted the heavens. They came from the cosmos. It was capable of dimming the radiances released by the golden lamps and green lotuses.

“Demon Race… Great Sage!” Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng stared at each other. A revelation appeared in both of their hearts.

As the Demon Race Great Sage reinforcements joined the fray, the warfare happening in the Western Pure Lands finally stopped expanding.

The Buddha in the lead immediately fought against the Demonic wind.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was far larger than the Dao universe and the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

However, when the two bigwig experts with the strength comparable to Daoism Heavenly Lords fought against each other, the entire cosmos trembled.

“How is it?” Yan Zhaoge didn’t bother looking at the battle happening. Instead, Feng Yunsheng raised her head, and her eyes turned into a shade of dim blue-black.

While observing, she said, “That Buddha had a total of twenty heads since birth, and eighteen hands. Each hand is holding separate items. There’s a necklace, an umbrella cap, a vase, and fish intestines. There’s also a vajra, a treasured filer, a golden bell, a golden bow, a silver halberd, a banner, a treasured dhvaja, a lotus, a token plate, an alms bowl, a sharp spear, a claymore, a sarira, and a scripture.”

“He has a golden lamp on his head. There’s also a sarira atop the lamp…”

Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows, “His appearance sounds very familiar. However, many Buddhism bigwigs have some similarities with each other. I can’t conclude that quickly.”

“That Great Demon…” Feng Yunsheng displayed a queer look, “That Great Demon resembled the legendary Great Sage that Pacifies Heavens.”

Yan Zhaoge was shocked, “The Great Sage that Pacifies Heavens, the Bull Demon King?”

Not long ago, Great Immortal Ru Yi was beaten into a sorry state. Now, he met Great Immortal Ru Yi’s brother. Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but be amused by how unfortunate he was.

He wasn’t worried if Feng Yunsheng had identified him wrongly or not.

Twenty years ago, when fighting for the Pill Hall, he had already encountered a group of Bull Demons. Not long ago, he had just discovered Great Immortal Ru Yi. Everyone in the World beyond Worlds would naturally have to be wary of the bigwig experts behind their backs.

Even if Feng Yunsheng wasn’t familiar with the Bull Demon King, she had been stuffed with relevant knowledge to him. She had also looked at the portrait that Yan Zhaoge drew.

He wore a polished silver bright wrought iron helmet, and he was clad in a woolen brocade golden armor. He wore a pair of muntjac boots, and he wore three lion-engraved belts around his waist.

His pair of eyes were bright, and his brows were red. His mouth seemed like it was filled with blood, and his teeth were like rows of bronze plates.

His roar was sufficient in shocking the mountain and causing even deities to be afraid. As he moved, his demeanor was so great that even sinister ghosts shuddered. The Four Seas referred to him as the Dimitrios, while the West referred to him as the Vigorous Demon King.

Feng Yunsheng had seen his portrait for so long that she could even replicate the drawing. She couldn’t mistake him for someone else.

Unless someone deliberately transformed into that appearance.

However, if someone took his form, his true form would’ve been exposed under such an intense battle. Among all the Grand Heavenly Immortals, only the Wood Devil could possibly do so.

“The Great Sage that Pacifies Heavens and that Buddha seems to know each other. In fact, they seem like they hold some grudge against each other?” said Feng Yunsheng with uncertainty.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned even weirder than hers, “Twenty heads, eighteen arms, a golden lamp on top, a sarira… Holds a grudge against that old bull…”

This was the second time that Feng Yunsheng had came to the Obscured Way World’s Five Elements Mountain. Before coming here, she had explicitly done some research as well.

Yan Zhaoge and her both looked at each other and said, “Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha?”

According to the legends, during the mid Journey to the West era, after the Demon Race’s Great Sage Equalling Heavens had been suppressed by the Tathagata Buddha, he was saved by the Buddhist monk – Sanzang. In the end, the Great Sage Equal of Heavens successfully acquired the Buddhist scriptures within the Western Heavens Mystical Mountain’s kingdom of Buddhism. The teachings of Western Buddhism spread across the East once more, causing the central Blessed Lands of Saha to flourish. He also transformed into a Buddha and became the Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha.

Great Sage Equalling Heavens – Monkey King and the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens – Bull Demon King were sworn brothers in the past, and they had a deep bond with each other.

However, during the process of acquiring the Buddhist texts, the two of them turned hostile against each other, and they ferociously clashed against each other.

After that, just like the Blessed Lands of Saha, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens managed to attain Buddhism enlightenment, causing him to become the Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha.

According to the rumors, the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens was captured and confined by Western heaven’s Mystical Mountain. No more words of him were heard since then.

Yan Zhaoge wasn’t sure when, but the Bull Demon King had managed to escape and regained his freedom once more. He had even entered the Astro Mountains Starry Seas to cultivate in seclusion. Now that he reappeared within the world, he desired to cause another wave of commotion, which would display his mightiness of the past.

Initially, the Namo Victorious Fighting Buddha had joined the central Blessed Lands of Saha. From the looks of it now, after the Maitreya Buddha had taken control over the Saha world, he had joined the Western Pure Lands instead.

Currently, the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race both resurfaced within the world once more, yet again displaying their mightiness to the world.

All the past grudges held against each other started manifesting. When old enemies encountered each other, they would battle once again!

Victorious Fighting Buddha against the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens – the Bull Demon King!

Within the universe, the chanting of Buddhism Dharma and the roar of cows became continuous.

The musical notes released by the two were profound and complex, making bystanders unable to comprehend its meaning. However, the rage contained within that cow’s roar was apparent.

The battle between the two factions turned more and more intense. While the Buddhas were remaining cautious, the Great Demons slowly disregarded all the living beings within the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. With an overbearing momentum capable of destroying the entire world, they attacked their opponents.

For a while, the Obscured Way World seemed like it was swaying.

Being within the Obscured Way World, Yan Zhaoge hurriedly stabilized himself.

However, compared to his safety, he was more worried about the warfare happening in the outside world, “He’s truly the Victorious Fighting Buddha, and he had joined the Western Pure Lands.”

“However, if the Great Sage Equalling Heavens had already attained Buddhism enlightenment and wasn’t being suppressed once more, who’s the existence that’s being crushed beneath the Five Elements Mountain?”