Chapter 1362 - Blessed Lands Of The White Lotus

Chapter 1362: Blessed Lands Of The White Lotus

Hearing the words “younger generation,” Chen Xuanzong couldn’t help but chuckle.

As for Yue Zhenbei, despite always putting on a stern look, even he presented a smile.

Yan Di also smiled while looking towards Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Currently, within the Broad Creed Mountain, no one would treat Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng as some junior apprentice anymore, no matter which situation they were in.

However, the two of them wouldn’t inherit the authority of taking control over the sect, either.

One has never shown talents in this, while the other had no ambition to do so.

When considering who would inherit the sect master’s position, the two of them would be excluded.

Fortunately, the younger generation disciples of the Broad Creed lineage were slowly growing up. Yan Di would have to worry about having no one capable of inheriting the position anymore.

Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun, Fu Enshu, and the others could also cultivate on their own and study the profundities of martial arts’ principles with peace of mind.

For martial arts practitioners who managed to cultivate until a certain level, they would be willing to study and venture into the martial arts themselves.

Of course, now that the Broad Creed Mountain was by the Sky beyond Skies, their position among the entire Daoism lineage after the Great Calamity was mostly different than it was in the past.

If the younger generation wanted to inherit the sect master’s position from Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, they would require more accumulation.

However, even if Yan Di didn’t care about how the sect’s daily matters operate, nothing problematic would occur.

In truth, after Fang Zhun had retired to focus on cultivating, most of the responsibility regarding the Broad Creed Mountain’s internal operation had been handled by the Assignment Hall’s First Seat Elder. The Assignment Hall’s First Seat Elder was handling everything orderly.

However, after Xu Fei’s position was changed, the Disciplinary Hall’s First Seat Elder position was emptied. The examination for whoever would inherit the position was still ongoing.

In comparison, Xia Guang’s opportunity was the largest.

He contempted evil, and he was both fierce and upright. Throughout the years, his temper had slowly subsided, and he wasn’t as short-tempered as he was in the past.

In the past, when the Broad Creed Mountain dominated over the World beyond Worlds’ Eastern Vast Heaven Territory, and was clashing against the Kunlun Mountain’s Qilin Cliff, Xia Guang had personally crushed through the Three Foot Mountain after having enough confidence. He annihilated the entire Three Foot Mountain and took revenge for his family.

After his hatred and anger disappeared, and after years of polishment, Xia Guang became better at handling his emotions.

However, he was still a little short-tempered. As such, Yan Di, Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun, and the others were still observing Xia Guang, seeing if he had what it takes to be the hall’s First Seat Elder.

In general, the current Broad Creed Mountain was going towards its right track. They merely had to develop naturally from here onwards.

The advantage of their thick accumulation was slowly presenting itself. They merely needed time to display them fully.

“Hopefully, we’ll be able to locate Daoist Jie and Daoist Chu this time. I also hope that we can find a solution to cure the Devil’s Calamity that’s affecting Little Jun and his mother,” said Yan Di with a stern look.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s expressions both became stern as well.

Chen Xuanzong nodded, “After our preparations are complete, let us depart.”

Everyone saluted and bid farewell to each other.

Yan Zhaoge went to visit Xue Chuqing together with Yan Di. Xue Chuqing was a little reluctant, as both her son and husband were leaving.

In the past, she was forced to part with her husband and son for decades.

Now, the family finally managed to reunite, and she enjoyed twenty years of fulfilling times.

Previously, although Yan Zhaoge would leave, her husband had remained by her side.

Now, although she was safely residing by the Sky beyond Skies, her family would leave her, leaving her alone once again.

She would be lying if she didn’t feel any emotions.

Despite being used to a stray lifestyle when she was young, she was still a wife and a mother. She ultimately sought peacefulness and desired to unite together with her family members.

However, Xue Chuqing was never an ordinary person, to begin with. She didn’t say much and only reminded her husband and son to both be careful.

“I will help maintain the Pill Hall’s formation. If nothing big happens, there wouldn’t be any problems here,” said Xue Chuqing. “Instead, the two of you should be careful when you’re both outsides.”

Yan Di lighty hugged her, “Relax.”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng looked at each other and smiled.

“Yunsheng, remember to take care of Yan Zhaoge. When he goes crazy, he becomes unreasonable.” Despite being watched by two juniors, Xue Chuqing wasn’t furious at all. Instead, she smiled and talked to Feng Yunsheng.

She was delighted with Feng Yunsheng. Although the two’s personality was entirely different, their relationship was still quite good.

Feng Yunsheng smiled and replied, “I’ll try my best. However, just like what you said, he becomes unreasonable when he goes crazy.”

“He can’t defeat you now. If nothing works, just forcefully restrain him,” said Xue Chuqing indifferently.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, and Yan Di chuckled.

The whole family continued joking around with each other. Overall, the atmosphere was considered relaxing.

If the main pressure and danger came from the outer world’s environment, rather than from someone or something, people would usually feel more relaxed.

After the preparations were completed, Yan Di and Chen Xuanzong both departed.

After Yan Zhaoge had completed all his preparations, he left the Sky beyond Skies once more together with Feng Yunsheng. They left the Awakened Sky Cosmos and re-entered the boundless void’s outskirts.

The two traversed through the vast space. Using his memories, Yan Zhaoge located the path that leads to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

In the past, he accessed the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus from the Dao universe. If he wanted to locate the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus once more, he would have to discover a new path.

Fortunately, he memorized the coordinates of the Obscured Way World. Using it as guidance, he managed to locate a shapeless pathway within the void.

As they finally approached the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both halted their steps and contacted the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

In the past, his cultivation was still weak and thus wouldn’t attract anyone’s attention.

However, with his current cultivation, in addition to the Pill Hall’s matters, Yan Zhaoge had become someone that everyone coveted for. As such, Yan Zhaoge had to remain careful.

After patiently waiting for a while, Ling Qing replied through a voice transmission.

According to the agreement, this implied that Ling Qing’s side had completed their preparations as well. After a while, the action would start.

Sure enough, after a while had passed, Yan Zhaoge immediately felt that the cosmos taken over by the Buddhist heretics had experienced a ripple.

The shapeless “walls” were even trembling.

“Go!” said Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng simultaneously as they both looked at each other. Then, they rushed forward.

After traversing through that shapeless “wall,” Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng had officially stepped into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

They only had two hours, or even less.

Without any hesitation, the two immediately rushed towards the direction of the Obscured Way World.

Yan Zhaoge, who had already ascended to the Immortal Realm, could now see the all-encompassing Buddha light within the Buddhism universe.

In the distance, as Buddha lights flickered, streams of profound lights were throbbing.

That was the havoc created by the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the others, which was used to cover Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both tried their best to conceal their presence while advancing.

However, just as they got closer to the Obscured Way World, an immense havoc happened at another side!

Yan Zhaoge looked towards the direction of that havoc in shock. In the cosmic void where the directions were hard to be differentiated, rays of translucent radiances were being radiated.

Within the cosmos, numerous golden lamps lit up, and countless green lotus bloomed.

“Golden lantern, green lotus… People from the Western Pure Lands?” Feng Yunsheng was also surprised.

The two looked at each other, “Someone from the Western Pure Lands decided to invade the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus?”