Chapter 1361 - Younger Generation Are Strong Enough

Looking at that black jade bottle, Yan Zhaoge said, “Such a pity that this thing wouldn’t be able to assist Little Jun, his mother, and the Astro Sovereign.”

No matter if it was the original planner – Jian Shunhua, or Feng Yunsheng whose future was uncertain, they weren’t compatible to be the reincarnation of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil or the Devil of Aged Metal.

Under the assistance and support of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor, the situation turned out as it was now.

An insurmountable amount of effort and precious resources must have been consumed throughout the entire period. They couldn’t repeat the procedure within a short amount of time.

No matter if it was Chen Xuanzong, Chu Lili, Shi Jun, or Ying Yuzhen, they were all passively withstanding a Devil’s Calamity.

Their physiques were the most suitable physique to be used for a Great Devil to reincarnate. As such, they were already coveted by the Water Devil and various other Great Devils since long ago, waiting for an opportunity to take over their body.

Previously, when Ling Qing requested Chen Xuanzong to pass the message to Yan Zhaoge, she had mentioned that neither the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor nor the Exalted Sun Luminary – Gao Han would be able to dispose of such problems as of now thoroughly.

The Exalted Concealed Luminary, which was Gao Han’s clone, had investigated the matters regarding Chu Lili within the World beyond Worlds for many years.

Although he had acquired some insight, they weren’t sufficient in solving Chen Xuanzong’s problems.

Yan Zhaoge and Chen Xuanzong had both been discussing this during the past few years. They both agreed that an opportunity was required. Moreover, they weren’t confident in solving such problems.

None of them could do anything. They could only take things slowly.

Now that they had acquired the black jade bottle from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the difficulties faced by Feng Yunsheng would ease up. Such was at least a rejoicing feat.

After returning to the Awakened Sky Cosmos, returning to the Sky beyond Skies, Yan Zhaoge met up with Yan Di, Yue Zhenbei, and Chen Xuanzong.

After listening to Yan Zhaoge’s description of everything that had happened, everyone couldn’t help but sink deep in thought, “There’s even such a matter?”

Yan Zhaoge had mentioned to Yan Di regarding the period of time where he accidentally entered the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus for the first time. As such, Yan Di wasn’t all that surprised. Instead, he merely asked, “Based on what the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said, you have no choice but to head towards the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus? Could there be any other hidden intentions within?”

“Indeed, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor implied so. As for whether he has other sorts of intentions, it’s impossible to tell as of now.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

Yue Zhenbei asked, “When are you going to leave?”

Yan Zhaoge had already thought of this a while ago, “After making some preparations, only will I depart. I still have some arrangements to make.”

“I will also be leaving this Awakened Sky Cosmos. I intend to continue searching for Mingkong and Lili,” said Chen Xuanzong. “My journey this time might consume an indefinite amount of time. There’s no need to worry too much about me.”

During the past few years, Chen Xuanzong would always leave to locate Jie Mingkong and Chu Lili. He had acquired quite an amount of clues as well. However, he still missed the opportunity to locate them.

Previously, he revealed himself during the extraction of the World beyond Worlds to attract the attention of his opponents, diverting their attention away.

On the other hand, he was also trying his best to locate the two disciples of his.

Now, the Awakened Sky Cosmos had thoroughly calmed down, and everything had returned to normal. There was no need for him to enter seclusion to cultivate as well. Naturally, he decided to venture outside once more to continue his search for his disciples.

“Senior Chen, if you don’t mind, may I go along with you?” blurted Yan Di. “I’ll be able to assist you in case something happens.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at his father, thoughtfully, “Are you going to slash the lock?”

“This doesn’t count. I merely feel like going outside.” Yan Di smiled slightly.

Twenty years ago, when Yan Zhaoge and the others were sucked away from the World beyond Worlds’ Five Territories and various other lower realms and left the Dao universe for the first time, Yan Di had entered absolute seclusion. At that time, he was already standing by the Immortal Door, with the True Immortal being attainable at any given time.

Later, he had indeed managed to take that step forward. He managed to achieve the physique of a True Immortal, ascending to the Immortal Realm.

During the past twenty years, Yan Di had been consuming various kinds of pill medicine’s essence and the residue pill qi of the Pill Hall. He secretly cultivated with all his effort, causing his cultivation to experience a continuation in increase. Ultimately, it resulted in him experiencing a spurt of improvement.

Generally speaking, the higher the cultivation, the slower the realm’s speed of improvement. Usually, improving would take a more extended amount of time.

Experts that were able to push open the Immortal Door weren’t ordinary people, to begin with.

However, even if their potential had yet to deplete, if they wanted to continue improving after entering the Immortal Realm, they would have to do their best to accumulate more cultivation.

When an Immortal Realm expert cultivated, it was extremely normal for one to be stuck within a realm for hundreds or even thousands of years.

No matter how talented one was, there were some paths they needed to take. The price they had to pay was also unavoidable.

However, Yan Di’s condition was more impressive.

His vicissitudes and the strength intent roving forward overlapped with himself. Not only would their importance be displayed when Yan Di was in combat, but they would also be displayed even when he was cultivating.

The hurdles in cultivation for others were nothing for Yan Di, as he could just forcefully crash through everything.

This was his unique advantage. Even his descendants wouldn’t be able to replicate it.

However, such a thing had its drawbacks as well.

When Yan Di cultivates, he must move forward no matter what. He cannot retreat, nor can he suppress it.

“Over the years, dad felt like he’s been constrained a little.”Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh in his heart.

After arriving at the World beyond Worlds, most of the time, the top-notch experts within the Broad Creed Mountain would be Yan Zhaoge and his father.

In the past, they had many sorts of enemies within the World beyond Worlds. To maintain the sect’s peacefulness, if one of them were to leave, the other would have to preside over the Broad Creed Mountain to prevent their enemies from invading.

Due to various kinds of reasons, Yan Zhaoge was the one that left most of the time, leaving Yan Di to preside over the Broad Creed Mountain.

As a result, before he managed to reunite with Xue Chuqing, he couldn’t even go out to visit his wife.

After all, that was his responsibility as the Broad Creed Sect Master.

Yan Di didn’t view this as a burden. Instead, such a responsibility became a motivation for him, causing him to work even harder.

However, objectively speaking, this was a shapeless constraint, holding Yan Di back.

Due to his Creation Saber’s saber intent, he was unique in terms of cultivation. He couldn’t just be judged normally.

During the past few years, Yan Di had always been cultivating in the Broad Creed Mountain and rarely went outside.

Although there wasn’t a lack of enemies, and Yan Di didn’t lack any realm combat experience, it was still a loss for martial art practitioners.

If one were to enter seclusion to cultivate solely, they would never become a top-notch expert.

Now, the situation was different. The Awakened Sky Cosmos was both concealed and independent. Theoretically speaking, without exposing any traces of the cosmos, it would be difficult for outsiders to locate the Awakened Sky Cosmos even without top-notch experts presiding over it.

Moreover, other than the Sky beyond Skies, the Roving Jade Heavens was also present. Yue Zhenbei, Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, and the others were also present here.

Within the Skies beyond Skies, the Broad Creed Mountain had no foes. Even if Yan Zhaoge and his father left, nothing terrible would happen.

After Xue Chuqing had returned, the matters regarding the Roving Jade Heavens had been solved. Yan Di, who had been suppressed for many years, could finally hope for a lifestyle change.

Those that were familiar with Yan Di’s cultivation improvement understood the theory within. Chen Xuanzong nodded lightly, “Naturally, you can.”

“You must have given a thought to the sect’s affairs,” asked Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Di said, “Second-apprentice-brother and master are the same. During the past few years, they focused more on fathoming their own martial art’s attainment. However, now that the younger generation had grown, they would naturally be able to handle matters appropriately.”