Chapter 1377 - Have You Lost Something? Look For Gao Han Instead!

“Hold on, if it’s the Great Rocs…” Yan Zhaoge suddenly frowned, “To my knowledge, the commander of the Demon Race’s troops fighting against the Western Pure Lands was the well renowned Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles?”

The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, also known as the Golden-Winged Great Roc. He was a Demon Race Great Demon that was once famous during the Middle Journey to the West era. Afterward, he was subdued by the Tathagata Buddha and was brought back to the Mystical Mountain’s Great Thunderclap Monastery. Since then, there was no news of him anymore.

Afterward, after the Mystical Mountain’s Tathagata Buddha had transcended, and the Maitreya Buddha became the Future Buddha, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles couldn’t be found within the central Blessed Lands of Saha anymore.

It wasn’t until twenty years ago, when the Demon Race resurfaced within the world to battle against the Western Puer Lands, did the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles reappear within the public.

During the battle against the Western Pure Lands, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was the bigwig that led other Demon Race experts into battle. It displayed its mighty talents, which turned the tides of the battle. He was a great problem for Buddhist Bhantes.

Most importantly, his speed was far too quick. It seemed to ignore every single item in space. Even a Grand Heavenly Immortal level Bhante couldn’t catch up with the roc using his lotus.

As a result, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was able to oversee the entire battlefield on his own, as if he was an omnipresent being.

When the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhist Bhantes were fighting against other Demon Races, they would still have to divert a little of their attention towards the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles to prevent themselves from being ambushed.

As a result, even if their strengths were equal, the Western Pure Lands were forced into their passive stance.

The factor that truly made things difficult for the Western Pure Lands was the disparity in cultivation between them and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles. Even if they were on guard, it was useless.

As the Roc casually strolled by and flipped its wings, a huge group of The Reveal Truth Venerable Man and Arhats would be massacred.

Only by relying on the protection of some formation or some treasure, they finally managed to stabilize themselves. However, with this, their overall mobilization was lost to rigidity.

Later, when more Buddhist experts joined the fray and besieged the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, the roc finally suffered some injuries, causing it not to act so rampantly anymore.

However, judging by how he could still escape from the heavy besiegement, it was clear as day how capable he was.

The Great Rocs with lower cultivation was still extremely proficient in their speed when facing an opponent of the same realm. They brought about all sorts of troubles towards the Western Pure Lands.

Which was why Traveling Monk Hui An brought the Three Brilliances Sacred Water along and traveled around the battlefield to assist in subduing all the Great Rocs.

“Traveling Monk Hui An came out specifically to deal with the Great Roc Race.” Yan Zhaoge frowned as he looked towards Gao Han, “If the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles heard of it, would he leave the matter be?”

“If I can think of this, the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhist experts should’ve thought of this as well. They’ve already been planning on methods to eliminate the Roc of Ten Thousand Great Miles. It’s hard to determine whether Traveling Monk Hui An was a bait or not.”

The seemingly peaceful situation might have turbulence hidden within. A whole group of Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm level Demon Race Great Sages and Buddhism Bhantes all had their attention on Traveling Monk Hui An.

If the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles doesn’t make a move, Buddhism’s Bhantes won’t do anything as well. After all, with Traveling Monk Hui An dealing with other Great Rocs, the Buddhists wouldn’t be facing any problems.

However, if someone else were to intervene and force Traveling Monk Hui An into a problematic situation, the Buddhism bigwigs would have no choice but to discard their initial plan and deal with the issues that they were facing.

Yan Zhaoge stared at Gao Han, and Gao Han nodded, “You’re right. This is indeed the case.”

He smiled, “On the other hand, if the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles made a move, the group of Bhantes would make a move. When the other Demon Race Great Sages also make their move, no one would pay attention to Traveling Monk Hui An anymore. That would be our chance.”

“If everyone else doesn’t make a move, we’re fated not to acquire the Three Brilliances Sacred Water anymore.”

Gao Han said calmly, “After all, in this world, there are many matters that wouldn’t go our ways.”

“You’re right. However, there’s one other possibility.” Yan Zhaoge remained expressionless. “You’re aware of the usefulness of the Three Brilliances Sacred Water. I’m aware of it as well. Then, do the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and the Immortal Court heretics know about it?”

“Is this bait used to lure the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, or to lure… us?”

He looked directly into Gao Han’s eyes, “Although the Immortal Court is currently at a disadvantage against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord can’t seem to divert his attention away, this involves the matters regarding the Heavenly Essence Stone’s fragments. No matter if it’s them or us, none of us would ignore this matter.”

Gao Han’s gaze glittered more and more as he welcomed Yan Zhaoge’s gaze.

This time, an expression of commendation was in the full display within his gaze.

“This was precisely the matter that I’ve previously been worried about.” Gao Han clasped his hands and smiled, “However, there’s no need to worry about it anymore.”

“Oh?”

Yan Zhaoge’s brows frowned, “What do you mean?”

Gao Han smiled and said, “Just recently, the Maitreya Buddha had personally descended upon the lands of the Immortal Court. Before the Buddha light shone, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had already taken over eight hundred of their Immortal Territories [1].”

“Does that mean that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord is currently too busy to deal with other matters?” Yan Zhaoge came to a revelation.

If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord doesn’t take any action himself, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and other orthodox Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortals would be able to deal with those from the Immortal Court.

Only, as they had to be wary of the Western Pure Lands’ surveillance, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the others would have to remain low-key and always stay behind the scenes. Only by doing so would they have an enormous leeway.”

“Please believe me. My actions serve the same purpose as Daoist Shao, Daoist Yan, and the others. Ultimately, our goal is to allow Daoism to flourish once again. Only, our way of doing so is different,” said Gao Han in a friendly manner. “In a sense, Daoist Jiang is the same as us. Of course, his path completely differs from ours.”

Yan Zhaoge said calmly, “Forgive me for saying this, Exalted Solar Luminary, but your method also differs from ours.”

The Exalted Water Luminary – Chen Xuanzong, the Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi, and Yan Zhaoge’s mother – Xue Chuqing would’ve thought so as well.

“So, about the matter regarding the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, what do you plan on doing?” Gao Han didn’t mind Yan Zhaoge’s criticism. His smile was still as friendly as ever.

“Before we discuss the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, I have something I’d like to inquire from you. Please do satisfy my curiosity.” Yan Zhaoge suddenly said, “Within the Eight Extremities Worlds, there was a treasure that was passed down in my sect – the Broad Creed Mountain.”

“It was the Jade Clear lineage’s Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s treasure. According to the myths, a coroner of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal had been shattered apart, and fell off.”

“Only, this treasure seemed to have disappeared without a trace later on. You’ve been to the Eight Extremities Worlds before. Do you have any clues regarding this?” Yan Zhaoge calmly looked at Gao Han.

Have you lost something? Look for Gao Han instead!

Although this method might not be accurate, Yan Zhaoge felt that this method was the most efficient method.

The Exalted Solar Luminary blinked, and the smile on his face widened.

Yan Zhaoge was smiling as well. Only, his gaze sharpened.

Gao Han slowly retracted his smile. He bore an emotional expression, and a jarring brilliance shone from his eyes.

“During that time, I only felt that leaving this treasure in the lower world was like casting pearls to swine, which was why I brought it away. I never expected things to turn out like this.” The brilliance within Gao Han’s eyes faded, and he reverted to his usual calmness and kindness. As he was talking emotionally, he waved his hand.

A clump of light slowly flew towards the front of Yan Zhaoge.

[1] “Immortal Realm” is within the cultivation realm context, while “Immortal Territory” refers to locations.