Chapter 1371 - Wukong’S Request

All kinds of bigwig experts sought after their transcendence. I’m no exception.

All sorts of purposes in the past weren’t important anymore. However, I seek transcendence, not for transcendence itself, but to gain revenge against Old Man Tathagata!

It doesn’t matter if I was obsessed or if it’s my anger alone.

No matter how the world sees me, I shall live my life like how I desire!

The flames within the monkey’s eyes seemed to be gushing out, forming the scorching sky’s momentum.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s expressions turned serious upon seeing the Great Sage Equalling Heavens.

Starting everything from scratch once more.

While it sounded easy, the difficulty contained within was indescribable.

It wasn’t merely a few thousand years, ten thousand years, or even many more years of cultivating. It also implied that everything would become uncertain.

Even if Sun Wukong was born from the Earthly Essence Stone, who could guarantee that he could ascend to the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm once more?

Who could guarantee that he would definitely transcend?

In a more extreme hypothesis, perishing half-way through the hands of fate or even someone else wasn’t impossible.

However, the monkey didn’t seem to hesitate about his decision.

For him, succeeding or failing was far better than being suppressed here, never to be released!

“Cease to exist without freedom, and remain fearless while fighting against the world…” Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh and looked towards the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, “I’ll try to find some suitable candidates for you, Great Sage.”

The Great Sage Equalling Heavens stared at Yan Zhaoge. After a while, he said, “Brat, aren’t you afraid of angering that Old Man Tathagata? Although he had already transcended, he might still return.”

“You’re right. However, there’s a possibility that the Tathagata Buddha won’t be angered.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “To be frank, if this would anger the Tathagata Buddha, I’d have to consider my actions more.”

“Not because I’m afraid, but because I’m someone with all sorts of attachments.” He turned his head and looked towards Feng Yunsheng, “I have my family, I have my friends, I have my sect. I have to take measures for them as well.”

“If I were as solitary as you, I would do some things even if it meant angering the Tathagata Buddha.”

Yan Zhaoge said calmly, “It’s human nature to seek after advantages and avoid disadvantages. I’m no exception to that rule. However, not every matter had to be done after weighing the gains and losses.”

“Sometimes, I tend to overly do things recklessly, solely for the satisfaction of it!”

The monkey stared at him. After a long time, he asked, “How did the two of you find this location?”

“Someone instructed us to do so.” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes narrowed slightly, and replied, “He only said that some sort of existence was being suppressed here and asked me to find out who said existence was. I never expected it to be you, Great Sage.”

The monkey asked, “Who instructed you?”

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a while and replied, “One of our Daoism’s Four Imperials, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.”

“Southern Extremity Old Immortal, that old man huh…” The Great Sage Equalling Heavens slightly raised his head and seemed to have zoned out while thinking about something.

After a while, a smile appeared on his hairy face, “No matter if you’re sincere or not, I still have to thank you for helping me this time.”

“May I know the qualifications of the candidates you’re seeking after? Are there any limits to how high or low their cultivation is? Are there any demands in terms of numbers?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

The Great Sage Equalling Heaven swayed his hairy claws, “Make the cultivation as high as possible and make the numbers as low as possible. For example, if the candidate has the cultivation just like the woman beside you, one alone would be sufficient.”

In other words, the lower the group’s cultivation was, more people would be required to shoulder the monkey’s inheritance.”

“Alright, I’ll remember that.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

The monkey asked again, “The woman only mentioned Old Man Tathagata’s transcendence. What happened after that?”

Yan Zhaoge’s heart moved slightly, “Many things had happened. It’s hard to keep them short.”

He told the monkey about the critical matters that happened after the Middle era and mentioned the New Era before and after the Great Calamity. The more the monkey listened, the wider his eyes got.

“

Haha,

although Old Man Tathagata had transcended, his lineage had failed!” The Great Sage Equalling Heavens laughed, “Maitreya only needed to follow Old Man Tathagata’s footsteps. He must’ve been tricked by someone, which obstructed the original path. As a result, he was forced to switch his path, causing Old Man Tathagata’s lineage to change completely!”

“Let me think. It doesn’t seem like Amitabha had done it. The one that destroyed Maitreya’s path should be that old man Dipankara.”

The Great Sage Equalling Heaven said with a sneer, “That spineless person had destroyed many Buddhist’s lives as well. Most of the Humanly Essence Stone’s fragments should have fallen into the central Blessed Lands of Saha as well. After Old Man Tathagata’s transcendence, most of it had been passed on to Maitreya. Now, it has become Maitreya’s foundations.”

“The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’s Buddha light imbued with faith power originates from the Humanly Essence Stone?” Yan Zhaoge came to a revelation and continued thinking, “However, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race are now working together. The Demon Race could possibly possess some remaining Humanly Essence Stone fragments…”

After hearing about the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s existence, the monkey scratched his fur behind his ear, “What kind of person is this? Did he get his hands on the Heavenly Essence Stone? However, only a few people are truly suspicious. He must be one of them.”

Yan Zhaoge truly felt that his journey here wasn’t for nothing.

From the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ mouth, he had acquired many sorts of secret information.

He could feel the mist shrouding the history slowly dissipated.

Of course, even if Sun Wukong didn’t lie, everything was based on his knowledge. Not everything would be true.

However, such information was already precious enough for Yan Zhaoge.

After all, he could verify them with all sorts of information he possessed.

Many kinds of seemingly useless and fragmented information were slowly being pieced together.

“Great Sage, my wife and I shall depart for now. Do take care.”

They had remained by the Five Elements Mountains for quite an amount of time. Even if the people of the Western Pure Lands were holding back the enemy lines, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng had remained here for more than two hours already.

They needed time to leave, as well. As such, Yan Zhaoge immediately bid farewell to the monkey.

“After so long, I finally have people to talk to. Now that you’re leaving, I’m going to feel lonely again.” The monkey scratched his ears, “Go ahead. Leave quickly, and come back as soon as possible.”

Yan Zhaoge slapped his forehead, “Oh, right. Other than the Victorious Fighting Buddha, there’s also the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens – Bull Demon King outside. Do you need me to come in contact with him and tell him about your condition?”

Upon hearing the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s name, ruthless and raging fiery sparks lit up within the Great Sage Equalling Heaven’s eyes.

To him, that Buddha was just like his eternal mark of shame.

However, upon hearing the Great Sage who Pacifies Heavens – Bull Demon King’s name, the fiery sparks within his eyes disappeared, and he let out an emotional sigh.

Previously, when Feng Yunsheng described the legends related to the Journey to the West, she mentioned the matters that happened to the Bull Demon King.

“Don’t tell him, don’t tell him!” said the Great Sage Equalling Heavens furiously. “I don’t feel like meeting him now. If you tell him about it, he would simply treat it as a lie.”

The monkey gritted his teeth, “When I finally kill that spineless monkey, I shall personally tell him myself and explain everything to all my old brothers.”

“Alright, I won’t say it then.” Yan Zhaoge shrugged and said with a solemn expression, “Take care, Great Sage. We shall depart now.”

The Great sage Equalling Heavens jumped onto the mountain’s rocks and placed his hand on the pergola, watching Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng leaving.

“My eyes shouldn’t be deceiving me, right?” He muttered to himself.