Chapter 1382 - Cruel Truth

Yan Zhaoge first cupped his hands towards Daoist Crimson Mist, “Thanks for your kind words. I’m grateful for that.”

“It’s fine, it’s fine.” Daoist Crimson Mist shook his head.

“Even if he’s a Fallen Deity, even if he’s the Young Heavenly Lord, it doesn’t change the fact that he’s only in the True Immortal Realm,” said Li Xingba coldly as he stared at Yan Zhaoge.

“No matter how strong one’s cultivation is, a True Immortal can’t even compete against a Virtual Immortal’s finger.”

His red face displayed a calm expression, “Don’t think that my words are displeasing to listen to. Let’s not mention our Immortal Essence that views a True Immortal’s Immortal qi as something insignificant. Can a True Immortal deal with the sonorous voice of the great dao? During that time, if he were to be petrified, what’s the point of him going then?”

Daoist Crimson Mist remained silent.

The matter that they were about to do required actual cultivation strength.

No matter how great one’s potential was, it was pointless if they were still useless now.

Although Li Xingba’s words weren’t pleasurable to listen to, his points were quite brutal.

“I agree with Daoist Li’s words. Indeed, someone’s better off not going.” Yan Zhaoge suddenly smiled.

Li Xingba and the others were surprised for a moment. Then, they saw Yan Zhaoge staring straight towards someone among them.

Gong Sunhui.

Li Xingba’s disciple.

“You’re talking about me?” Gong Sunhui was surprised. Then, he displayed an enraged smile, “You’re someone that had just ascended to the Immortal Realm, while I already have Duo Qis Fused Aura. Don’t you think you’re taking your joke too far?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “To you, this might be a cruel truth. However, this is indeed amusing for me.”

As soon as he finished his words, he stepped forward, and his palm came slamming towards Gong Sunhui’s head!

His speed was so fast that Gong Sunhui almost couldn’t react to it.

While Gong Sunhui couldn’t make any appropriate reactions, his master – Li Xingba could.

The red faced old man snorted coldly, “You dare!”

Although the red faced old man didn’t raise his voice, the feeling he gave off changed completely.

His voice turned magnificent and ingenious as if a divine voice had descended from the Nine Heavens.

At this moment, although Li Xingba had yet to make a move, a shapeless all-encompassing sonorous voice of the great dao came rushing towards Yan Zhaoge.

In that instant, Yan Zhaoge felt as if his entire soul and body were being suppressed together as if he was entering a senseless state where he couldn’t speak, move, or think.

Gao Han, Daoist Chilan, Gong Sunhui, and Feng Yunsheng beside him seemed to have vanished within his sight.

Only Li Xingba’s body remained in the world.

His figure displayed two contradicting extremities.

As the sonorous voice of the great dao resounded, his physique seemed to have enlarged into a towering figure. It filled Yan Zhaoge’s sight completely. Li Xingba’s physique seemed to be omnipresent, capable of shaking one’s soul.

However, it also seemed to be flying far away from Yan Zhaoge. It slowly shrunk and seemed to be extremely far away.

In the next instant, the sight in front of Yan Zhaoge gradually disappeared, as if his vision had also been extracted from him. He couldn’t think and couldn’t see anymore.

His entire body seemed to have lost its intelligence and sense, just like a wooden doll that could only remain by the spot.

The liveliness within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes gradually dispersed.

Gong Sunhui sneered, and his expression was filled with disdain.

Daoist Crimson Mist helplessly shook his head. He sighed and remained silent.

Gao Han looked towards Feng Yunsheng with a curious expression.

Feng Yunsheng had remained silent ever since she came here. At this moment, no changes were present in her expression. She merely quietly stood on the spot, as if she was oblivious of what was happening around her.

However, saying that she didn’t notice anything was a huge joke.

Even so, there were two explanations for her reaction.

First, she didn’t care about how Yan Zhaoge was.

Second, she didn’t think that the matters happening would affect Yan Zhaoge in any way…

As Gao Han was still thinking, he saw Yan Zhaoge’s soulless eyeballs suddenly move.

For a moment, Yan Zhaoge’s body seemed to have turned into a lifeless statue. Now, it was filled with life, vitality, and intelligence once again.

“No need to be so loud, Daoist Li. I can hear you.” Not only did Yan Zhaoge recover his liveliness, he even intentionally moved his neck around with a relaxed expression.

Without any obstructions, his palm continued descending towards Gong Sunhui!”

Li Xingba’s pupils suddenly shrank, “Sonorous sound of the great dao has no effects on him?”

His disciple – Gong Sunhui’s smile was petrified. His entire expression turned sour, “Even I have difficulties handling it, and yet someone that had just ascended to the Immortal Realm is capable of doing so?”

It should be known that Li Xingba had retracted his sonorous voice and merely concentrated it on Yan Zhaoge alone. It didn’t spread towards the others.

Otherwise, since Gong Sunhui was in the Profound Immortal Realm, even he would suffer from his master’s sonorous voice of the great dao.

Although he wouldn’t be petrified on the spot like other True Immortals or even Martial Saints, his actions would be hindered, and this train of thoughts would be slower.

Daoist Crimson Mist’s expression was also filled with shock. He started analyzing Yan Zhaoge from head to toe.

“This young man is truly something…” Although his previous words were merely used for courteous purposes, he now believed what Gao Han had said.

A smile appeared on Gao Han’s face, and his gaze brightened a little, “Does he have a treasure? Or, is it because he cultivated some sort or even multiple supreme martial arts? Or is it all of them?”

Seeing how the sonorous voice of the great dao couldn’t hold Yan Zhaoge back, Li Xingba immediately raised his hand. Layers of yellow dust rose and blotted the skies. They then came descending towards Yan Zhaoge.

However, at the same time, another black flame demonic qi glittering with dark blue radiances arose. As a saber light flickered, it instantly blocked the yellow clouds of dust.

Li Xingba looked towards the saber and noticed that Feng Yunsheng, who had always been quietly standing beside Yan Zhaoge, had made her move.

The horrifying jet-black saber light slashed apart the yellow dusts.

On the other side, Yan Zhaoge raised his hand. As his palm flipped, it came descending towards Gong Sunhui with the momentum capable of collapsing the skies.

“

Oh?

” An expert could tell how strong his opponent’s attacks were. Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s descending palm, Gong Sunhui immediately felt that something was off. He immediately retracted all the pride and scornfulness he previously had.

He couldn’t avoid it in time and barely managed to raise his hand to block Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

In that instant, he felt as if layers of shapeless void were surrounding him. These voids seemed to have transformed into tangible ubiquitous worlds, which came collapsing towards its center!

And he, Gong Sunhui, was currently standing in that center!

The place he stood seemed to be the boundary between heaven and earth, the connecting point between yin and yang.

The myriad of matters and objects presented a contrasting state, with everything possessing two sides of everything. Then, they started distorting at the center where he was standing!

Standing within it, Gong Sunhui only felt that a terrifying and humongous power was fanatically crashing against his body.

“Jade Clear Cyclic Heavenly Seal?! Is this a Cyclic Heavenly Seal that a True Immortal can cast?” Gong Sunhui was baffled.

With Duo Qis Fused Aura and Immortal Aura imbued within his body, he could hardly be harmed by a True Immortal.

If it wasn’t for that, Gong Sunhui felt as if he was placed within the center of a grinder formed by the heavens and earth, getting crushed into a powdered state.

However, even if it wasn’t dangerous for him, he was currently unable to move. Yan Zhaoge’s strength thoroughly restricted his movements, and he was rendered unable to move at all!