Chapter 1384 - Comply

Chapter 1384: Comply

With the wave of his hand, Yan Zhaoge managed to oppress Gong Sunhui, who was in the Profound Immortal Realm. This had truly bewildered Daoist Crimson Mist and Li Xingba.

It wasn’t until this very moment that they truly understood what Fallen Deity and Young Heavenly Lord implied.

Although Gong Sunhui merely had Duo Qis Fused Aura, he had been learning under Li Xingba for many years. Naturally, his techniques were far superior compared to others.

Although he didn’t originate from orthodox Daoism, he still reached his current height using all his efforts, which made him much stronger than the heretics.

And yet, such a Tranquil Profound Immortal was captured by a Leakless True Immortal. The disparity between the two was apparent.

Although the situation had turned sour, Daoist Crimson Mist did not doubt that Gong Sunhui would have perished by Yan Zhaoge’s hands if he didn’t have the Duo Qis Fused Aura’s Immortal Aura protecting him.

On the other hand, Feng Yunsheng’s strength surprised them as well.

Contrary to Yan Zhaoge, Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist had never doubted Feng Yunsheng before.

After all, they vaguely felt that Feng Yunsheng was the same as them. At the very least, she was an expert that had reached the Five Qis Unification level.

However, it wasn’t until Feng Yunsheng truly took action that Li Xingba realized how much he had underestimated her.

Even though he had made grand accomplishments during the Ancient Era and had experienced the transition of eras, he still wasn’t Feng Yunsheng’s opponent. In fact, he almost lost his treasure, and even his life as well.

Gao Han stated that Feng Yunsheng had already held back. Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist had no doubts about this statement.

Previously, when Feng Yunsheng made her move, they could feel her self-restraint.

Under such circumstances, the outcome of the battle made Li Xingba embarrassed.

The red faced old man was petrified on the spot. He didn’t know whether to continue his journey or retreat.

“Daoist Crimson Mist, I know how sincere you are. However, you should be warier of who you befriend. You have tried your best to calm the situation, but who knows if this Daoist Li would comply with you or not? In fact, he might even harbor some hatred towards you.” said Yan Zhaoge as he chuckled.

His hands were still oppressing Gong Sunuhi as if he was merely toying with a useless object.

Seeing this, Daoist Crimson Mist smiled helplessly, “What are you saying, Young Heavenly Lord?”

Just as he felt helpless, a ray of chilly and bright moonlight flickered from the faraway pitch-black void and reached the crowd.

As the moonlight dispersed, the figure of a woman was shown. She was the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

Seeing how weird the situation was, she looked towards Gao Han.

Gao Han smiled slightly and sent her a voice transmission regarding what had just happened.

“You’re the one that contacted them all. And yet, now that a conflict occurred, you weren’t the first to deal with the situation.” After hearing what had happened, not only did she not reply in private, she even said this publicly, “If we fail in the end, that’ll be your fault as well.”

Gao Han sighed, “I’m trying my best to settle down the conflict between them.”

Then, he looked towards Yan Zhaoge and Li Xingba and cupped his hands, “Everyone, please do forgive each other. Daoist Ling had brought back some news. Apparently, something peculiar happened within the universe Traveling Monk Hui An was in. Let’s go ahead and take a look first.”

“Alright. My wife and I can leave anytime.” Yan Zhaoge nodded with a smile.

Although he said that, he still restrained gong Sunhui.

Li Xingba’s face turned sour, while Daoist Crimson Mist’s face was filled with helplessness.

Gao Han smiled and shook his head, “Please release Gong Sunhui, Daoist Yan. Everyone present knows what kind of person you are now, and they won’t dare to offend you anymore.”

“Old Man Li and the others judged your wife and you, while the two of you did the same as well. Now that everyone has their answers, we naturally know who should stay and who should go.”

As he spoke, he looked towards Li Xingba, “What do you think, Old Man Li?”

Li Xingba stood there and remained silent.

Seeing this, he looked towards Yan Zhaoge with a smile. Yan Zhaoge also smiled and released his hand. The folded void with the size of grain collapsed and immediately returned to its original size.

The spatial void created by Yan Zhaoge spread outwards and finally vanished.

Gong Sunhui quickly rushed out from within and ran towards his master – Li Xingba, in embarrassment.

“Stay here by yourself.” Li Xingba grumpily took out a small flag and threw it towards Gong Sunhui. Gong Sunhui quickly caught it and dared not say anything else.

“Without further ado, let us depart immediately,” said Gao Han with a chuckle.

Ling Qing’s expression remained cold, “Everyone, follow me.”

After that, she first transformed into a ray of moonlight and flew towards a distant location.

Yan Zhaoge looked towards Li Xingba and Gong Sunhui. After retracting his gaze, he didn’t say anything else and followed Ling Qing along with Feng Yunsheng.

Li Xingba’s expression was sour. He went ahead along with Daoist Crimson Mist, with Gao Han being the last to leave. Gao Han first carefully analyzed his surroundings and cleaned up any traces left behind by everyone.

“Previously, you mentioned that this Daoist Crimson Mist was also here for the Three Brillainces Sacred Water, and not solely to assist Li Xingba?” On the journey, Feng Yunsheng sent a voice transmission to Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge replied with a voice transmission, “Indeed. Afterward, if we are going to snatch for the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, he would be much for useless than Li Xingba.”

Although Li Xingba couldn’t win against Feng Yunsheng, he was still a Grand Virtual Immortal expert that possessed extraordinary strength.

However, in Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, Li Xingba had the most worth. If Traveling Monk Hui An’s master – the Samantabhadra Cultivated Deity, or the Compassionate Cultivated Deity were to stir up troubles, Li Xingba would be their perfect scapegoat.

Meanwhile, Daoist Crimson Mist was different.

“Daoist Crimson Mist… Mist Sovereign… No, we can’t call him that now. Instead, we should refer to him as the Crimson Mist Lord or the Crimson Mist Heavenly Monarch.” Yan Zhaoge thought to himself as he was staring at that old Daoist.

Yan Zhaoge had heard of Daoist Crimson Mist’s name within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, before the Great Calamity. However, at that time, Daoist Crimson Mist’s name was merely an insignificant name recorded among the vast amount of foreign vagrant Immortals within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace. There, the number of details of each vagrant differed from each person.

At that time, the Mist Sovereign – Daoist Crimson Mist had more detailed information recorded. He was the type of vagrant that interacted a lot with the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and had party relied on it.

The essence of his lineage’s supreme martial art – the Crimson Mist Ten Chapters, were fully recorded within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Martial Repository.

This supreme martial art was close to Water Arts, and it could even counter many sorts of Water Arts.

With the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, Daoist Crimson Mist’s attacks would be much more effective. It was a great tool for him.

The Three Brilliances Divine Water had an incredible amount of benefits for his cultivation as well. When such an opportunity arose, Daoist Crimson Mist quickly came here with great enthusiasm.

Yan Zhaoge was also familiar with the Crimson Mist Ten Chapters. However, he had never once cultivated it before.

Through the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, he could cultivate it during the last minute. However, now that Daoist Crimson Mist was here, Yan Zhaoge could relax.

As for who the Three Brilliances Sacred Water would belong to in the end, everyone would decide it only after acquiring it.

“We’re here.” Ling Qing suddenly slowed down.