Chapter 1388 - Yin Yang Nine Splendour Seven Treasures Array Formation!

As Yan Zhaoge pressed his hand downwards, the clump of light fell upon his feet and quickly expanded. It then transformed into a vast spiritual cursed seal.

Strips of dim streams of lights expanded outwards and enveloped the surrounding.

Even the faraway void was being filled up, and the concept of distance seemed to be lost.

A heavy feeling was weighing down on everyone’s chest.

“The true intent of the Earth Mother’s lineage?” Daoist Crimson Mist came to a revelation, “It’s not her lineage’s supreme martial art, but instead a slip that she wrote herself?”

The power which Yan Zhaoge was utilizing originated from the Later Earth Text, which was buried deep within the World beyond Worlds’ Southeastern Yang Heaven Territory’s Royal Reed Sea!

During that time, to acquire this treasure, the Great Xuan Dynasty had crossed the seas and stepped upon the Royal Reed Sea under the Heavenly Emperor’s instructions. They spent hundreds of years searching for it.

Later, when the Great Xuan Dynasty was obliterated under Yan Zhaoge and the Broad Creed Mountain’s hands, the Heavenly Emperor could only return with disappointment.

During that time, Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation was still considerably low, and he couldn’t obtain the Later Earth Text. As such, he could only leave it by the Royal Reed Sea.

The Heavenly Emperor wanted to look for an opportunity to acquire the Later Earth Text from the Royal Reed Sea. When the Earth Exalt was besieging Xue Chuqing, the Heavenly Emperor joined in to assist him. However, he failed to do so in the end.

When Yan Zhaoge moved the World beyond Worlds’ Five Territories into the Pill Hall, the Heavenly Emperor could forget about the Royal Reed Sea and the treasure buried within which he coveted.

After Yan Zhaoge managed to push open the Immortal Door and ascended to the True Immortal Realm, he finally managed to obtain the Later Earth Text with the assistance of the Earth Mother Dao Ritual!

The Pill Hall had already transformed into the Awakened Sky Cosmos. Naturally, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t bring it along with him, nor was he able to display the Overseer of Heavens, Awakened Benevolent Guardian Divinity to fight against others.

However, since he decided to take the risk, he had to make some preparations as well.

As the Later Earth Text exerted its strength, rays of radiances were being paved outwards.

As the streams of lights gathered together, an illusory radiance slowly formed around Yan Zhaoge’s head.

The illusory radiance resembled a vast and boundless existence that could carry the skies, reign in every matter that was happening, and all the subtle truths of yin and yang’s circulation.

“Fuse!” As Yan Zhaoge yelled softly, nine bulky radiance pillars arose from the spirit patterns surging beneath him, as if these pillars were pulled out from the ground.

The light pillars that seemed capable of supporting the heavens stood aloft by the void as if it was holding the sky or supporting a divine palace atop.

“Edict!” Yan Zhaoge continued his hand seal’s transformation. Immediately, seven seemingly brilliant yet dim clumps of radiances arose within the colossal formation.

Within the void’s outskirts, the seven clumps of light were like seven groups of nebulas that were self-circulating. Mighty strength seemed to be contained within, along with an abundance of vitality.

As the colossal formation circulated, layers of formations connected with each other and fused as one.

Yin Yang Nine Splendour Seven Treasures Array Formation!

All the Buddhist Bhantes that were within the formation felt a sudden weight on their body!

Not only did they feel a gravitational force pulling them down, but even the circulation of their Buddha powers also came to a halt.

Feng Yunsheng wasn’t affected by it at all. Rather, she changed her defensive stance, and her horrifying extermination saber-light started spreading towards her surroundings!

Her opponents were filled with a sense of helplessness and could only back away from it.

Even if they weren’t affected by the Later Earth Text, they were still caught off guard by Feng Yunsheng’s sudden attacks. Now that they were affected by the Later Earth Text, things became more dangerous. With a slight mistake, they might even end up perishing on the spot.

Upon seeing this, Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist let out a sigh of relief. Without thinking about anything else, they both attacked Traveling Monk Hui An.

Gao Han lowered his head and looked towards the illusory ground formed by the rays of brilliance. He let out a bitter smile, “Are you that cautious?”

Ling Qing looked towards him and remained silent. Then, she continued attacking Traveling Monk Hui An.

The group of Buddhist Bhantes dared not take the offense to attack anymore. Instead, they got closer to Traveling Monk Hui An and fended off their enemies with him.

Initially, they had the advantage in numbers. Even if they were to fight against two sides, they wouldn’t suffer from any losses.

However, after being enveloped by Yan Zhaoge’s Later Earth Text, the situation became disadvantageous to them.

“Retreat. Let’s retreat from this place first and make a comeback later.” Traveling Monk Hui An was decisive enough. Without forcefully holding on, he immediately kept the Three Brilliances Sacred Water and left along with other Buddhist Bhantes.

Upon seeing this, Yan Zhaoge smiled and strode forward as well.

Traveling Monk Hui An and the others felt a chill down their spine.

With the Later Heaven Text, the formation displayed by Yan Zhaoge was able to move on its own. It wasn’t stationary at all.

Being affected by the Later Earth Text, even if they could sprouting lotuses with each step, their speed wouldn’t experience an increase at all. They were trapped by Yan Zhaoge, unable to jump out of it.

The group of Buddhist Bhantes took a deep breath.

“Without breaking through this formation, we won’t be able to escape,” said a Buddhist Bhante.

He sat upon a golden lotus, and a golden lamp was placed atop his head. There was a glazed green lamp on his left hand, while his right hand held an Udumbara Flower.

“You’re right, Udumbara Bodhisattva.” Traveling Monk Hui An and other Buddhist experts nodded, and all of them started rushing towards Yan Zhaoge.

Feng Yunsheng frowned. She stepped forward and lifted the jet-black saber within her hands. Holding her saber with both her hands, she started slashing downwards.

“Namo Amitabha.” Traveling Monk Hui An, Udumbara Bodhisattva, and other Buddhist Bhantes started chanting the sutra, and all of them took out their Buddhist treasures.

Curved Twinblades of Wu, Glazed Lamp, vajra, alms bowl…

Under the support of their Buddha powers, the Buddhist treasures quickly transformed into a Buddha formation glittering with boundless radiance.

Feng Yunsheng’s jet-black saber landed upon the Buddha formation, causing the boundless radiance to be diminished.

All the Buddhist treasures started falling off one after another.

However, using this small moment of opportunity, Udumbara Bodhisattva’s fingertip’s flower petal transformed into a stream of light and shot towards Yan Zhaoge!

The stream of light instantly traversed through space and reached the front of Yan Zhaoge, as if it had always existed there.

Yan Zhaoge’s mind went blank for a while when facing the flower petal.

Even without hearing the sonorous voice of the great dao, his mind seemed to have went blank.

It wasn’t accurate to describe it as being blank. Instead, he seemed to have seen through mortal affairs, seen through the illusion of everything and saw everything as empty and void. He seemed to have lost his ability to process thoughts.

From the perspective of outsides, a smile appeared on both Udumbara Bodhisattva and Yan Zhaoge’s face.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s smile quickly disappeared, and he regained his poise.

He kept his composure. He stopped his footsteps, and his eyes turned cold.

In an instant, within the Yin Yang Nine Splendour Seven Treasures Array Formation, the light pillars which carried the skies started to sink, as if they weren’t supporting the sky anymore and were about to be buried back into the ground.

The seven groups of nebulas rose upwards together as if they were returning from the mortal realm to the skies.

With this transformation, the skies and earth interchanged, while yin and yang circulated within the colossal formation.

A giant yin yang diagram appeared and enveloped the entire formation. It hung atop Yan Zhaoge’s head.

As the Udumbara Flower’s brilliance came in contact with the yin yang diagram, it continuously circulated within the yin and yang.