Chapter 1385 - A Fortunate Timing To Act

As Ling Qing slowed down, the cold moonlight around her slowly vanished, replaced by a layer of darkness.

When the Ketu Dim Encompass Mantra appeared, not only was it able to protect someone, but it also could conceal the caster’s presence.

Yan Zhaoge and the others imitated her and made their preparations.

Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist looked towards Yan Zhaoge. Without Feng Yunsheng’s aid, Yan Zhaoge himself had already concealed his presence to an almost unnoticeable state.

They were slightly shocked within their hearts, as Yan Zhaoge seemed even more proficient in masking his presence compared to them.

No wonder a True Immortal dared to come here openly.

“Let’s slowly get closer. There must be a Grand Heavenly Immortal level existence around here,” said Ling Qing. “Let us quietly wait for any changes.”

Yan Zhaoge and the others nodded.

The group of people maneuvered in the dark void with stealth and looked towards their front.

There, as rays of brilliance glittered, the clash of experts’ aura was continuously being spread around.

Traveling Monk Hui An and other experts should be fighting within this area.

Due to the distance being too far, Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and the others weren’t able to tell the situation.

However, they weren’t concerned at all. If a Grand Heavenly Immortal level expert intervened, the commotion stirred up would be noticed by them no matter how far they were.

That would be Yan Zhaoge and the others’ opportunity. Before that, no matter how appropriate the situation was for them to act, it would merely be an illusion.

Fortunately, they didn’t have to wait for too long.

Suddenly, wild winds blew fanatically within the cosmic void they were in.

Streams of lights blotted the skies and rained down like thunderstorms. With speed faster than everyone could react, they had already descended upon the area.

The sudden streams of lights suddenly came to a halt. As flashes of brilliance flickered, it transformed into a vast silhouette. It opened its wings and covered the entire universe.

“Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles!” Yan Zhaoge and others knew who it was.

Unsurprisingly, the instant the horrifying golden radiance storm appeared, Sutras’ chants resounded grandly from the surrounding.

Rays of translucent radiances slowly became brighter and filled up the entire broad skies. It seemed like it was about to trap the unparalleled Great Demon within.

The coverage of the Buddha light was so broad, even the location where Yan Zhaoge and the others were at were included within.

Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist looked towards Gao Han and Ling Qing. Gao Han shook his head and hinted to them to remain calm without doing anything reckless.

As expected, in the next instant, other Great Demon’s majestic demonic qi arose from afar. They advanced towards the center and covered the Buddhist Bhantes within the Buddha light formation.

Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, who was located within the inner-most core part, spread his wings and started rushing outwards.

He and the group of Great Demons on the outside were planning on attacking from both sides, which would tear down the ambushes laid down by the Buddhists.

“As expected, Traveling Monk Hui An that targetted other Great Rocs was just a bait. Meanwhile, although the Roc of Ten Thousand Great Miles and other Demon Race could tell, they wanted to take the bait and fight against the Buddhists here.” Yan Zhaoge and the others didn’t focus on the battle that transpired.

However, considering how close they were, the clashing between both sides’ spirit qi and demonic qi already gave them an understanding of the situation.

From the very start, the two sides had ferociously clashed against each other, causing even the heavens and earth to collapse.

The Buddhists’ colossal formation received a huge blow from the Great Demons from both sides. Although it wasn’t broken through immediately, the pressure it received was massive.

To relieve the pressure brought by the Demon Race’s attacks, the Buddha light colossal formation continued transforming and shifted within the void.

A crack appeared from the circulation, allowing Yan Zhaoge and the others to leave the colossal formation area quietly.

Even if some Buddhist experts had their suspicions, they wouldn’t be able to divert their attention.

Despite the demons attacking both insides and outsides and despite having the colossal formation transform and shift, the group of Buddhist experts still trapped the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles within the colossal formation.

“What a clash. Could it be, no matter how high their casualties were, they were determined to kill this Golden-Winged Great Roc here?” Yan Zhaoge praised, “It’s no wonder. The Great Roc’s advantage in speed was far too great. Under special circumstances, one person could even be used as multiple.”

The spatial cosmos in front of them continuously distorted. A clump of dark clouds formed by roving Demonic qis enveloped the radiating Buddhism colossal formation and slowly departed far away. Within the colossal formation, rays of light storms continued to clash against it.

As the group of Grand Heavenly Immortal level experts left, the feeling of making one suffocate, making one’s soul numb, and the horrifying pressure slowly disappeared. Everyone on the spot let out a sigh of relief.

Then, they looked towards the location of the battlefield with eyes filled with enthusiasm.

“This is the appropriate time for us to make our move,” whispered Gao Han with a smile.

After completing his sentence, he strode forward and was the first to speed forward.

Yan Zhaoge and the others followed his actions and traversed through the void. Upon nearing the location, many Buddhist Bhantes appeared from the other direction.

This place was already heavily ambushed, to begin with. As the Grand Heavenly Immortal level Buddhist experts were fighting against the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and other Demon Race Great Sages, other Buddhist Bhantes were also hiding here to prevent the possible reinforcements of the Demon Race.

As Yan Zhaoge looked closely, he saw a teenage looking Buddhist Bhante standing by the void. He held a metal rod in his hand while carrying two swords behind his back. He also held a crimson red gourd by his other hand. His appearance was different from other Buddhist Bhantes, making him the anomaly here.

However, an abundance of vitality was surrounding him, whilst Buddha lights were radiating from his body. It was hard to underestimate him.

His appearance fitted the legendary Traveling Monk Hui An – Mu Zha.

Without a doubt, the two swords behind his back were the well renowned Curved Twinblades of Wu [1].

It was highly possible that the Three Brilliances Sacred Water was stored within that red gourd.

Opposite, a group of Demon Race were slowly closing in as well.

As Yan Zhaoge looked towards their direction, he first saw two Great Rocs, a White Crane, and… two Monkey Demons – one green and one grey.

Although they were called monkeys, their size was even larger than mountain ranges. As they stood, they resembled some giant spiritual gods.

Upon seeing them, a flicker appeared in Yan Zhaoge’s eye. He looked towards Feng Yunsheng and exchanged a glance. Without saying anything, they both understood each other.

Traveling Monk Hui An and the others had also noticed Yan Zhaoge, Gao Han, and the others. Everyone slowed down their battle on-hand.

“So, it’s Daoist Li,

huh

?” Traveling Monk Hui An looked towards Li Xingba, and said with a smile, “How are you doing recently?”

Li Xingba snorted, and he stared directly towards the Curved Twinblades of Wu behind Traveling Monk Hui An.

During the Ancient era, he was decapitated by the Curved Twinblades of Wu, which forcefully made him an Investiture God.

“Gao Han, Ling Qing, Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng. Am I right?” Traveling Monk Hui An swept his gaze towards the crowd, “There’s also someone that I don’t recognize. Are you all here to assist Li Xingba, or aiming for the Three Brilliances Sacred Water?”

[1] Curved Twinblades of Wu – Here’s a link which shows a depiction of the weapon – https://www.828la.com/p/35905.html