Chapter 1383 - You’Re Not The One Making Decisions Here

Gong Sunhui was unable to move after being oppressed by Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

On the other side, Li Xingba was furious. Facing Feng Yunsheng’s jet-black saber, he took out a square-edged golden swordbreaker [1] and immediately plummeted it towards the opponent.

However, horrifying dark radiances skyrocketed from Feng Yunsheng’s saber, and its momentum seemed like it was about to break the square-edged golden swordbreaker apart!

As the two weapons clashed against each other, Li Xingba’s hand shuddered. From where the saber intent had passed, he felt an extremely horrifying intent that was about to annihilate and end anything and everything.

As the black saber clashed against the squared-edge golden mace, a small part of his swordbreaker was chipped off.

The saber continued forward and attempted to cut the golden mace apart as if it was merely slicing a piece of tofu!

Li Xingba was greatly shocked. He immediately retracted his weapon and retreated. Then, he yelled, “Receive my attack!”

A ray of dark-yellow radiance clump came crashing against Feng Yunsheng.

A dark yellow pearl was shrouded within the radiance. As the radiance flickered, its momentum seemed capable of splitting the earth apart.

It was Li Xingba’s treasure – the Earth Splitting Pearl. This treasure originated from the earth and was explicitly used to break through the phenomenon of Earth. Even if a vast and sturdy field of the earth laid in front of it, the earth would still break apart no matter what.

Feng Yunsheng’s saber continued forward and slashed towards that Earth Splitting Pearl. Suddenly, a horrifying vibration was released from the pearl.

Using the earth’s tremble and distortion to tear the earth apart, it incited an earthquake. Using earth to counter earth was the Earth Splitting Pearl’s specialty.

However, as Feng Yunsheng’s saber traced across, it immediately slashed apart the power used to tremble the earth. The earthquake suddenly vanished, as if nothing had happened!

Brilliances appeared atop Li Xingba’s head. Using his full force, he managed to retract the pearl barely.

He was both anxious and furious; his entire face turned sour.

Seeing how even his own master wasn’t able to rescue him, Gong Sunhui’s heart sank. At the same time, he became much calmer as well.

Although he had been secluding along with his master most of the time, his ability to achieve his current cultivation was thanks to all the hardships he had endured.

Facing Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal, Gong Sunhui clenched his fist and swung it below him, as if he was swinging an indestructible golden mace.

A powerful shock spread outwards and clashed against the illusory world created by Yan Zhaoge’s fist.

Cyclic Heavenly Seal, capable of turning the entire world apart, capable of reversing the majestic forces of two extremities together, making it hard to defend against.

Meanwhile, Gong Sunhui attempted to attack from the insides. He broke through the earth, which resulted in one of the extremities losing itself. With this, the horrifying force would lose its balance, thus allowing his victory.

Although his idea was rich, the reality was harsh.

Yan Zhaoge’s other hand came from downwards, his palm filled with the momentum of extreme yang. As yin and yang circulated, a vibration immediately caused Gong Sunhui’s fist to strike into thin air.

Gong Sunhui’s heart tightened. At this moment, the space he was in was constantly being compressed, as if he was a plaything within Yan Zhaoge’s palm. In his sight, Yan Zhaoge was like a towering giant figure.

Yan Zhaoge clasped his palms together and cast the Cyclic Heavenly Seal with both his hands. In that instant, Gong Sunhui wasn’t able to move once again.

As for Feng Yunsheng, after forcing back Li Xingba’s Earth Splitting Pearl, she strode forward, and he horrifying saber continued slashing towards Li Xingba!

Li Xingba didn’t dare to receive the attack and was forced to retreat. However, time and space didn’t seem to exist in the face of Feng Yunsheng. In the next instant, the jet-black saber-light reached Li Xingba.

“Please have mercy, fellow Daoist.” Daoist Crimson Mist quickly assisted Li Xingba. Layers of illusory red mists surged and obstructed Feng Yunsheng’s saber.

However, the jet-black saber-light continued forward, slashing the red mists apart.

“Could this be the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture?!” Daoist Crimson Mist was shocked, while Li Xingba’s face was a mess, “It shouldn’t be. However, it’s quite eerie as well. It’s just like the legendary final Ancestral Devil which possessed the same authority as the Lord of Numinous Treasure!”

With the saber held within her hand, blue-black flames flickered within her eyes, and her evil qi filled the entire atmosphere.

“Old Man Li, you’re looking too much into this. Daoist Yan naturally has his exceptional parts. Even if you don’t believe my evaluation, you should still believe the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, right?” Gao Han smiled and shook his head. Then, he continued, “As for how True Immortal’s Immortal qi couldn’t contend against Virtual Immortal’s Immortal Aura, that’s fine. I didn’t invite Daoist Yan over to let him make a move personally. Daoist Yan’s accomplishments in formations truly made even I astonished.”

“Moreover, Daoist Feng is also a prodigy that bore exceptional talents. Speaking of it, she had already held back.”

Gao Han chuckled and cupped his hands, “Please believe me this time, Old Man Li.”

Li Xingba’s face darkened. While breathing heavily, he stared at Feng Yunsheng for a while and helplessly said, “It’s my mistake. I shouldn’t have underestimated them.”

“Do calm down as well, Young Heavenly Lord.” Gao Han looked towards Yan Zhaoge and said in a kind tone, “We’re still uncertain of Traveling Monk Hui An’s condition, and a slight delay might make us lose our opportunity to act. Let’s quickly go there first and make some preparations beforehand. That will surely greatly increase our chances for success, right?”

The space within Yan Zhaoge’s hand seems to have condensed a small spatial void, which had forcefully compressed a Profound Immortal like Gong Sunhui within. He was shrunk into a ball and couldn’t even extend his legs.

“You’re exaggerating, Exalted Solar Luminary. There’s nothing for me to be angry about.” Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “The one that will hold us back isn’t me after all.”

Li Xingba’s expression turned pale, “Hurry up and let him go!”

Yan Zhaoge stared at him, “I’ve always respected the elderlies. However, the premise is if the elderly is deserving of my respect.”

“Daoist Li, you seemed to have forgotten about this. Only your useless disciple and you bear a grudge against Traveling Monk Hui An. We’re merely here for the Three Brilliances Sacred Water. Receiving it would be our luck while losing it wouldn’t harm us in any way. If you don’t mind not taking revenge against your old enemy, you can be as carefree as us.”

A True Immortal calling a Profound Immortal useless.

If it were any other situation, others would undoubtedly laugh at such a statement.

However, at this moment, that True Immortal was suppressing Profound Immortal with ease. In such conditions, it was sufficient in proving such statements to be true.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge was like a god that had descended upon the mortal realm. He captured Gong Sunhui and curled Gong Sunhui into a ball using his hands.

Although he was merely in the True Immortal Realm, such a scene was sufficient in shocking the crowd.

His entire body seemed to have become tall and towering beyond imagination.

“Before Daoist Li speaks, I would like to clarify something,” said Yan Zhaoge calmly. “Here, you’re not the one making decisions. The Exalted Solar Luminary is merely respecting you thanks to your seniority. That doesn’t mean that you’re the one making decisions here, so don’t act like the leader.”

Li Xingba’s face interchanged between a red and white expression. He wanted to just leave, but his disciple was still trapped within Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

Moreover, Yan Zhaoge’s words had struck a deep part within his heart.

In the past, he became an Investiture God thanks to Mu Zha. He remembered the vengeance even until now as if it was deeply embedded within his bones, making such vengeance hard to be dispersed.

“Daoist Li has no malicious intentions. He merely prioritized his grudge against Traveling Monk Hui a little too heavily. Due to his anxiousness, he made some mistakes and caused his temper to run amok. Please do forgive him for what he did.” Daoist Crimson Mist pulled Li Xingba’s sleeves and secretly sent some voice transmissions to convince Feng Yunsheng and Yan Zhaoge.

[1] There’s a picture clearly illustrating the shape of a Chinese swordbreaker. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jian_(sword_breaker)