Chapter 1392 - A Goose Pecked My Eyes For The Second Time

The other spoil of war was naturally the Monkey Race’s blood.

As Feng Yunsheng wounded the grey-furred Monkey Race Small Saint heavily, no one realized that Feng Yunsheng had already extracted part of its demon blood.

For a Demon Race Small Saint comparable to a Daoism Virtual Immortal, every single drop of blood essence was compressed to its limit. If the blood essence leaked out, it might form a lake or even an ocean.

Feng Yunsheng took more than one drop. These amounts should be sufficient for her usage.

Other than their interest in the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, they were also here to extract a Monkey Race’s blood.

After acquiring said blood, Yan Zhaoge could then attempt to allow his North Ocean Clone and Pan Pan to refine said demonic blood together, allowing them to plot Monkey Demon’s transformation.

Now, the purpose of their journey had been fulfilled perfectly.

After waiting for a while, the silhouette of his wife finally appeared.

“I got my hands on the demonic blood.” Upon meeting each other, a smile hung upon Feng Yunsheng’s face.

Yan Zhaoge shook the crimson red gourd in his hand, “I also managed to acquire this.”

“If that’s the case, let us depart with haste,” said Feng Yunsheng. “I killed a Great Roc, and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles should be around this area. If no one holds him back, he might just be targeting us.”

She wasn’t someone soft-hearted. Many souls had perished under her saber.

Although Ling Qing and Daoist Crimson Mist coveted the Three Brilliances Sacred Water as well, Feng Yunsheng and Yan Zhaoge had come here along with them. As for that grey monkey, she merely spared his life in honor of the Great Sage.

Facing other opponents, she showed no mercy.

However, her massacre was one thing. Naturally, she had to face the upcoming consequences.

No one would underestimate the threats brought about by the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and the group of Demon Race Great Sages.

“The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles is the general of the Demon Race in this area, which was stationed to combat against the Western Pure Lands. His main enemy would still be the Western Pure Lands. It’ll be a long time before he could divert his attention to us,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile. “In the past, when migrating the Roving Jade Heavens, his son had caused us some troubles as well. Now, we’re merely paying back a fraction of revenge towards the Great Rocs.”

During the battle that transpired within the Dao universe, Fuluo Zi had arrived last and couldn’t battle against Yan Zhaoge and the others.

However, after verification, Yan Zhaoge and the others had heard of the name of this Great Roc Race’s Young Master.

The husband and wife duo left together. On their journey, Feng Yunsheng asked, “Oh, right. How much value does that glazed green lamp hold?”

“No idea.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head.

“Huh?” Feng Yunsheng was startled, “If you have no idea, how did you realize that the Exalted Solar Luminary was aiming for that green lamp, instead of the Three Brilliances Sacred Water?”

Yan Zhaoge first smiled, “I’m assuming that Gao Han covets for the Three Briliances Sacred Waters as well. However, comparatively, that glazed green lamp was at a much higher priority.”

Then he shrugged, “Indeed, I hold no knowledge about that lamp’s functions. I’m unaware of how precious it is, and why Gao Han wanted it for.”

“But, I know that you can’t ever trust the words of someone like Gao Han.”

Yan Zhaoge curled his lips, “No matter how sincere he was, no matter how great his acting skills were, his motives would still be subjected to suspicions!”

“I don’t know the details about that glazed green lamp. However, excluding the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, we can all tell that Gao Han’s spoils of war would be that lamp.”

“Even if it seemed like he had unintentionally acquired his enemy’s treasure, no matter how normal the spoil of war looked, as long as it’s in Gao Han’s hands, I would remain suspicious towards him.”

After pausing for a while, Yan Zhaoge continued, “Even if there weren’t any tricks hidden within, there’s nothing wrong with testing him. After all, we’re not entirely close to him. Instead, that guy had previously set up so many traps for me.”

“But, why do I feel like you’re delighted with that title?” Feng Yunsheng displayed an amused expression and stared at him.

Yan Zhaoge snorted, “No matter if I’m satisfied or not, that person is filled with thoughts that are up to no good.”

“As for the title itself…”

“Ahem.” Yan Zhaoge let out a dry cough and said, “Well… I’ll reluctantly accept it.”

Feng Yunsheng laughed, “Such lofty requirements. Does that mean that you’re still unsatisfied with that title?”

“That’s right!” said Yan Zhaoge in a righteous manner. “I’ve always been contemplating what kind of cool-sounding name I could give myself. After all, this was directly related to my reputation. Some names might be made out of mistakes, but no titles were.”

“I was thinking of having a domineering and simple title like Senior Suo’s “Martial God,” or my grandfather’s “Sword God.” Only that I couldn’t think of an appropriate one.”

Yan Zhaoge was a little embarrassed, “The title that Gao Han gave me is somewhat acceptable. I’ll use it for now.”

Feng Yunsheng didn’t know what to feel, “Alright, alright. Don’t be so dejected.”

“I feel like the Young Heavenly Lord title is more suitable for the current you,” said Yan Zhaoge with a chuckle.

Twenty years ago, after Feng Yunsheng had returned, she had contended against the Exalted Lunar Luminary, preventing the Exalted Lunar Luminary from advancing any further. With this battle, she had garnered her reputation.

Since then, the title of the “Dim Eerie Broad Coldness” had been spread around.

However, everyone else preferred referring to her as another title.

Devilish Saber.

Only, such a title wasn’t quite pleasing to hear. After all, it was related to the Nine Underworlds. Others could easily connect it to the Sword Devil manifested by the Devil of Aged Metal in the past. As such, people rarely mentioned it in public.

Feng Yunsheng imitated Yan Zhaoge and shrugged, “I don’t care about my titles.”

“Let’s not bid farewell to the Exalted Solar Luminary, the Exalted Lunar Luminary, and the others. Let us return for now,” said Yan Zhaoge. “If we want the Three Brilliances Sacred Water and the Demon Monkey’s blood to see its uses, we’d have to make some preparations.”

“Let us continue venturing outside after everything is completed.”

Hearing what Yan Zhaoge said, Feng Yunsheng asked, “You mean finding the Chief, Senior Chen, and the others?”

“That’s one of them,” answered Yan Zhaoge. “I still want to locate the burial spot of the Bright Connection Emperor. Previously, I promised my mother that I’d try to locate it. Unfortunately, we have to deliver the Three Brilliances Sacred Water back for now. Hence, I’ll do it at another time.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “We’re entering and leaving the Awakened Sky Cosmos very frequently. We should remain cautious, just in case someone follows us.”

“Naturally.” Then, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng continued their advancement.

A long while after the two disappeared, another person appeared within that cosmic void. It was the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing.

Ling Qing’s expressionless face looked towards her surroundings and quietly stood on the spot.

After a while, a wavy pattern formed by the void, trembling. Then, a white-shirt man appeared from within. It was Gao Han.

“They seemed to have appeared here previously. Only, their traces can’t be tracked anymore,” said Ling Qing.

Gao Han smiled and said, “That’s within my expectations. If it was so easy to find them, how could they have avoided us for the past two decades?”

Ling Qing looked at him, “The Three Brilliances Sacred Water is gone. How about the lamp?”

Hearing this, Gao Han used his hand to cover his face and sighed, “… A Goose Pecked My Eyes [1] for the Second Time.”

[1] A Chinese idiom used to describe being bitten back by one’s prey, or who they deemed to be harmless