Chapter 1391 - Do You Truly Think No One Can Punish You?

Everyone assumed that Feng Yunsheng had run out of stamina.

However, Gao Han and Ling Qing could vaguely guess the truth, “She’s trying to avoid attracting the attention of the Nine Underworlds?”

On the other side, Yan Zhaoge seemed to have anticipated this and had already made his preparations beforehand.

Under his control, the Yin Yang Nine Splendour Seven Treasures Array Formation instantly reversed its circulation, causing the space within the formation’s center to collapse. A black hole continuously expanded outwards.

Simultaneously, a tremendous pulling force was released from the horrifying black hole, pulling all sorts of existence towards it, as if it was about to devour everything.

Everyone present possessed exceptional cultivation.

Although their perception towards the powers of time and space differs, any one of them could still create numerous blackholes with a wave of their hand.

However, facing the black hole formed by the disintegration of the enormous formation, space itself became complex and convoluted, making them unable to control anything. As such, powerless to do anything, they were pulled towards the abyssal demonic swamp and were sinking deep within.

Yan Zhaoge was of no exception. His figure started descending as well.

The Later Earth Text in his hand slowly lost its brilliance and turned dim all of a sudden.

However, as the person who controlled the colossal formation, the disintegrated formation’s remaining formation powers continued shielding him, which drastically slowed his speed of descent.

As for others, depending on their cultivation strength and their grasp over time and space laws, their speed of descent differs as well.

No matter if it was the Demon Race, the Buddhist Bhantes, Li Xingba, Daoist Crimson Mist, or the others, everyone was sinking into the black hole.

Everyone couldn’t be bothered to fight any longer. They quickly concentrated and displayed all sorts of supreme defensive martial art techniques.

Other than that Great Demon, which was previously heavily wounded, everyone else wouldn’t face any grave danger while being within the black hole. Of course, it was unavoidable for everyone to separate and be transported to other areas through space’s convolution.

With this, Feng Yunsheng naturally did not need to continue fighting against others.

As for the crimson red gourd filled with Three Brilliances Sacred Water, it was now in Yan Zhaoge’s possession.

This separation was sufficient in covering the two’s escape.

Gao Han was among the last few who had entered the black hole. Upon seeing this, a mild flicker flashed across his eyes. He smiled lightly and let out a sigh, “The Three Brilliances Sacred Water is so scarce, and everyone covets for it. Your techniques are truly admirable, Young Heavenly Lord.”

Under the residue formation power’s protection, Yan Zhaoge was also among the last few to enter the black hole. Yan Zhaoge quietly looked towards Gao Han and suddenly smiled.

“Exalted Solar Luminary, you’re an exception, right?”

Gao Han’s expression remained unfazed, “Young Heavenly Lord, what do you mean…”

Before he completed his sentence, a faint flicker appeared within his eyes.

Yan Zhaoge kept the crimson red gourd and the Later Heaven Text. He formed a hand seal with both his hands and pointed towards Gao Han, “I shall receive the title you granted unto me.”

“I’m unable to repay you for this. Therefore, I shall give you something as a form of thanks!”

Li Xingba and Gong Sunhui were merely treated as pawns by you.

You, Gao Han, had your malicious intentions.

Do you truly think no one can punish you?

As Yan Zhaoge pointed towards the distance with both his hands, the Yin Yang Nine Splendour Seven Treasures Array Formation, close to disintegrating, experienced its final quake.

The surrounding spirit patterns which had yet to be devoured by the blackhole gathered together and condensed themselves into nine pillars of lights, which came crashing down on Gao Han!

The nine pillars of lights weren’t intended to strike him. At the very last moment, they separated and entered the black hole, encircling Gao Han’s surroundings.

The radiances faded, and the chaotic space suddenly experienced an explosion.

At the same time, blue-black devilish flames burned once again within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes!

Previously, Feng Yunsheng had retracted her aura and was descending slowly. Her previous actions made others assume that she won’t be making a move anytime soon. And yet, she suddenly landed a surprise attack on Gao Han.

The horrifying black saber-light traversed through the void and even slashed apart the black hole. It broke through the chaotic space and slashed towards Gao Han.

Gao Han remained unfearful but still frowned lightly.

Although this attack of hers wasn’t as destructive as her Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation, Gao Han still had to concentrate to deal with it.

Most importantly, Gao Han had already realized what the two were about to do.

“How did you find out?”

As Gao Han blocked Feng Yunsheng’s attack and withstood the spatial distortion, which was getting more and more ruthless around him, he stared at Yan Zhaoge.

He groaned softly. Although the Holy Radiance Banner had yet to leave his hand, the glazed green lamp which he obtained through the Udumbara Bodhisattva was knocked away from the grasp of the banner. In the end, the glazed green lamp fell into the black hole.

As the black hole swirled and the lamp flickered, the glazed green lamp instantly disappeared into the black hole. It disappeared much faster than Gao Han.

Looking at the glazed green lamp, Gao Han let out a sigh.

That was the item which he truly coveted for.

To him, that item was much more precious than the Three Brilliances Sacred Water. That item was an important letter, which even the treasure’s owner – Udumbara Bodhisattva, wasn’t aware of the secrets contained within.

After this item was lost, he could search for it once more. However, it would take ages for him to regain such an opportunity, where he could hide his plot from the world.

With this delay, not only does he have to delay his plans, even all the preparations made beforehand were wasted. It wasn’t simple to replan everything.

The item was already within his grasp, yet he still lost it…

Gao Han’s figure was already sinking into the black hole. At the final moment, he looked towards Yan Zhaoge with an amused gaze.

“If you aren’t feeling safe about the Heavenly Essence Stone fragments within your possession, I can help you take care of them. How about you consider that?” Yan Zhaoge’s voice resounded within the cosmos. His figure slowly disappeared within the black hole along with Feng Yunsheng and Gao Han.

Upon sinking into the black hole, Yan Zhaoge’s sight was filled with a chaotic mess.

He did his best to stabilize his body within the chaotic space and flowed along with it.

Here, the flow of time was uncertain, and time itself had lost its meaning.

After a long while, the spatial distortion in front of Yan Zhaoge finally faded, and everything returned to its original appearance.

Everything reverted to normal. He was still currently within the vast and boundless dark void as if he was still located at where the previous location where the battle had transpired.

The void’s boundless outskirts were like this. No matter where you go, the scenery would ultimately remain the same.

The only way one could determine their direction was by looking at the stars and the martial art practitioner’s grasp and feeling towards the location of space.

“How far was I teleported away?” After calculating for a while, he couldn’t help but smirked, “I wonder where Yunsheng is at now.”

He first attempted to contact Feng Yunsheng. It wasn’t easy to contact others in the void’s boundless outskirts. After many tries, he finally received a response.

Fortunately, the two weren’t that far apart. Yan Zhaoge decided to remain on the spot and conceal himself while waiting for Feng Yunsheng to get to him.

While waiting, Yan Zhaoge examined his harvest.

“The Three Brilliances Sacred Water is truly something marvelous. Only, there’s not much here.” He chuckled happily, “However, with this other spoil of war, my efforts weren’t wasted at all.”