Chapter 1396 - Starry River Tributary

“The Dim Radiant Emperor should’ve perished before the Bright Connection Emperor, right?”

On the way, Feng Yunsheng asked, “How would that Dim Radiant Wheel contain clues regarding the Bright Connection Emperor’s whereabouts?”

“After the Heavenly Essence Stone shattered, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord collected most of the fragments. However, there were still some that were still missing. The Immortal Court had always been in search of them.” Yan Zhaoge walked and said, “That period of time was when the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’s battle were the most intense. Coincidentally, someone under the heretic located the Heavenly Essence Stone’s fragment and brought it back to the Immortal Court.”

“In the end, the Dim Radiant Emperor used the commotion to enter the Immortal Court along with others and snatched the fragment before it was handed over to the Immortal Court. Under the pursuit of the Immortal Court, the Dim Radiant Sect had perished. The Dim Radiant Emperor secretly handed the Heavenly Essence Stone over to the Bright Connection Emperor and attempted to divert the Immortal Court’s army away from the Bright Connection Emperor.”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “However, the Immortal Court still suspected the Bright Connection Emperor. Under the Immortal Court’s pursuit, the Bright Connection Emperor mistakenly trapped herself within the void’s outskirts’ illusory space for hundreds of years. After she returned to the Dao universe, the Dim Radiant Emperor had already perished for many years.”

“The Bright Connection Emperor had gone to the Dim Radiant Mausoleum before?” asked Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right. This was why my mother knew the location of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum. Using the time which the Bright Connection Emperor had picked through her calculations, my mother went ahead to the mausoleum. She helped complete the Dim Radiant Wheel, providing her final assistance.”

Feng Yunsheng understood, “During that time, the Bright Connection Emperor left behind some clues in the unfinished Dim Radiant Wheel? She couldn’t predict her burial spot, but left behind the coordinates of the illusory space which she was hiding in.”

Unfortunately, the Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin was unable to heal herself, as she had been in pursuit by the heretics.

Although she re-entered the illusory space to take shelter and managed to shake off the heretics pursuing her, she ultimately failed to recover and perished in the end.

To the outside world, including her successor – Xue Chuqing, her whereabouts became a mystery and hard to find.

On the contrary, the Dim Radiant Wheel had left behind some clues.

“This clue should’ve been intentionally left behind by the Bright Connection Emperor. I’m not certain if others could locate that place using another path, but we’ll have a very high chance of locating it through the Dim Radiant Wheel,” explained Yan Zhaoge.

Within his pupils, black and white radiances radiated from within. They occasionally intertwined and occasionally fused, transforming into a hazy radiance field that was neither bright nor dark.

Following its guidance, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng traversed through the void’s boundless outskirts.

The concept of time gradually blurred, and their path ahead seemed to be endless.

However, Yan Zhaoge could feel that he was walking on the right path and was getting closer and closer to his intended location.

After traversing through two folding layers of space, Yan Zhaoge suddenly stopped.

“We’re close,” said Yan Zhaoge softly.

The space’s scenery in front of them returned to normal and stopped distorting any longer. As Feng Yunsheng looked forward, a field of brilliance filled her eyes.

The void which the two were currently in was filled with brilliant starlights.

The brilliance was bright and even radiated some burning sensation. Within the starry skies, the starlights which were so tiny within the cosmos had suddenly turned brilliant, as if numerous massive suns had appeared near them.

Between stars, repulsions and gravitational forces exist between each other. They would rarely gather together, as they both had their orbit and patterns.

Most Immortal Realm experts were powerless to influence the majestic and boundless attraction force of the star trial.

However, right now, the group of stars seemed to be gathering together. They were concentrated and brilliant.

The power of the stars extruded against each other, causing space to be unnaturally distorted. However, some unique harmony was contained within, resulting in nothing explosive happening.

Looking closer, one would notice the existence of streams of water existing between each star.

The purest streams of water, existing between the Early Heavens and the Later Heavens.

Within the cold and lonely void, it co-existed along with the blazing and brilliant stars. Not only would it not freeze, but it also wouldn’t vaporize either.

The water’s momentum was tremendous, and it was slowly gushing about.

From afar, the stars seemed to be floating within the vast river.

“Starry River…” Feng Yunsheng remembered the existence within the myths and was a little surprised.

As she looked closer, she realized that the endless Starry River seemed to be breaking apart.

Although the river was extended very far, as if it was boundless, Feng Yunsheng could tell that a vast stellar vortex was at the faraway end of the Starry River devouring it.

It implied that the intense dislocation of space itself was sufficient in breaking the Starry River apart.

However, the vast and long river had yet to break apart completely. Ultimately, it became an existence that resembled a tributary, which was flowing within the universe.

“This should be a result of the Great Calamity,” said Yan Zhaoge. “The great thousand worlds were shattered apart, while the Nine Vast Skies, the Thirty-three Heavens, and the Ten Layers of Underworld had received damage as well. It’s difficult for them to revert to their original form.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “No wonder why this Starry River’s momentum was smaller than what the rumors said.”

“Right. However, the great thousand creations truly contained boundless subtleties. It even formed something resembling a tributary.” Yan Zhaoge walked forward, “Only, under the distorting transformation of the space, it became much different from the original Starry River.”

“It’s precisely due to this that the Bright Connection Emperor could shake off her pursuers.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “After entering the river water, space itself would be chaotic, and might lead towards different locations.”

“Then, you have the confidence to locate the Bright Connection Emperor’s burial spot?” asked Feng Yunsheng. “This place might be slightly better than the Original Nebula in which the Exalted Wood Luminary had perished. It’s not as chaotic and random. However, it’s still quite complex.”

Otherwise, the Immortal Court heretics wouldn’t have given up their pursuit.

Of course, it was partly because they didn’t know whether Hu Yuexin possessed the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment or not. They merely pursued her because she was close to the Dim Radiant Emperor.

Otherwise, even if they were facing an obstacle like the Starry River Tributary, they would call over their Immortal Court higher-ups to look for her.

“We can try. Let’s go.” Then, Yan Zhaoge descended into the Starry River Tributary.

Feng Yunsheng descended along with him, with devilish blue-black flames glowing within her eyes.

As the blazing and brilliant starlights closed in onto her, everything else paled in comparison.

Within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, the frequency of intertwining between the black and white radiances grew more frequent.

As they sunk into the water, a queer scenery was displayed in front of their eyes. Layers and layers of space appeared in front of their eyes, each pulling Yan Zhaoge within.

Yan Zhaoge quietly stood still, while his hands continuously formed seals. Numerous seals were integrated into the Starry River Tributary in front of him.

After a long span of time, he finally stopped.

After a while, a dim radiant radiance wheel seemed to be spinning within Yan Zhaoge’s pupils.

Finally, his gaze brightened, and he entered one of the spaces, bringing Feng Yunsheng along with him.

After the scenery returned to normal, the two found themselves placed within a foreign dimension.

Only, this place seemed to be still connected to the Starry River Tributary.

Their entire surroundings were filled with something similar to a water screen. Beyond the water screens, starlights were glittering.