Chapter 1390 - Doomsday Saber, Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation!

The two Great Rocs fought for the Three Brilliances Sacred Water against Yan Zhaoge.

The group of Buddhist Bhantes joined the battle against Gao Han and  Li Xingba, while the other three Great Demons attacked Traveling Monk  Hui An.

After rescuing Udumbara Bodhisattva, Traveling Monk Hui An yelled  softly, and he unsheathed his Curved Twinblades of Wu once again. The  twinblades danced around the void, forming a sea of sword-lights, which  blocked the Great Demons from advancing.

Other Buddhist Bhantes made their move and blocked Li Xingba as well.

Then, the group of monks utilized their supreme martial arts and quickly retreated from this area.

On the other side, under the influence of Yan Zhaoge’s formation, the  crimson gourd filled with Three Brilliances Sacred Water flew towards  him.

Naturally, others weren’t willing to let matters end just like that.  Both Ling Qing, Daoist Chi Lan, and even the two Great Rocs were rushing  towards him.

Yan Zhaoge remained in the same spot. He sat in a lotus position and kept the scroll within his palms.

Meanwhile, the devilish blue-black flames within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes turned even darker and sinister.

She held her saber in one hand, while a small black jade bottle appeared in her other empty hand.

Feng Yunsheng widened her arms horizontally. Horrifying black flames  and devilish auras spewed out from her head, extended towards her  shoulders, her arms, and finally her long saber and the black jade  bottle.

The devilish flames continually rose. Although they originated from  the same Dim Glorious Saber Qi, the power contained within wasn’t as  simple as eclipse’s power anymore.

The ferociousness and maliciousness contained within grew profound  even further. It implied loneliness and annihilation as if everything  had reached their eternal death, and everything had ended.

The fiery-smoky black flames continuously rose, slowly forming an illusory silhouette above Feng Yunsheng.

The silhouette resembled an ominous figure, yet it also seemed empty, an existence of deathly stillness.

Everything, no matter if it had a shape or not, no matter if they  were abstract or not, no matter if they have a life or not. The instant  they came in contact with it, they would welcome the end of everything  and cease to exist any longer.

Time, space, matter, living beings, spirit, and even the various laws existing within the world. None of them was an exception.

It resembled the most horrifying abyss, yet it seemed like the final resting place of every existence.

It was indescribable, just like chaos itself. A queer feeling of desperation, until everyone’s heart, was left with numbness.

Doomsday Saber, Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation!

Radiance radiated from Feng Yunsheng’s head.

First, a ray appeared…

Then, a second!

Duo Flowers Converged Crown!

Her aura finally arose to its maximum.

“Don’t blame me,” said Feng Yunsheng softly. Within the sky, the  phenomena of the entire world ending were retracted back into her body.

Then, the black jade bottle in her left hand vanished, and her now  emptied hand extended forward. Under the black radiance’s flickering,  the distance seemed to have lost its purpose. She immediately reached  the front of a Great Roc and immediately grabbed his neck!

The Great Roc attempted to struggle. However, under the black  radiance’s flicker, the Great Roc was rendered unable to escape. He was  captured by Feng Yunsheng, unable to move.

As Feng Yunsheng tightened her grasp, a cracking sound was heard from  the Great Roc’s neck. As sounds of his windpipe leaking were released  from his throat, he continually flapped his wings to move around. Fresh  blood leaked non-stop from the side of his mouth, and his eyes were  slowly turning white.

At the same time, Feng Yunsheng slashed her long saber horizontally. The attack seemed normal, soundless, and stirless.

However, the expressions of Ling Qing, Daoist Crimson Mist, and the other Great Roc changed drastically.

Daoist Chi Lan extended both his palms together. Layers of crimson  red mists solidified into a red radiance field, which served as a screen  to block his front.

However, without any signs, a black line appeared on the screen.  Wherever the black line reached, the red radiance screen instantly  shattered apart, splitting into two.

Daoist Crimson Mist quickly changed his move. The red radiances were  compressed into a single red line, becoming extremely compact and  unpredictable. It captured the black line’s tracks and attempted to halt  its advancement.

However, the instant the two came in contact, the red line started  shattering everywhere, while the black line remained unscratched. It  continued advancing.

Powerless to do anything, Daoist Crimson Mist could only flee.

The black line didn’t seem to have the intent to kill. It merely  chased after Daoist Crimson Mist without giving him a chance of rest.

The Great Roc flapped its wings, and rays of golden radiances  transformed into windstorms, which went against the black saber-light.  However, the saber-light seemed to be much more violent than the winds  and instantly swept the golden radiances away.

The Great Roc let out a queer scream. He didn’t dare persist any longer and turned around in an attempt to flee.

His speed was truly fast, as well. The instant he attempted to flee, he had almost surpassed Daoist Crimson Mist.

However, strangely, the black saber-light which was chasing after him had a dramatic increase in speed!

Just as the Great Roc started to flap his wings, he was already slashed by that saber-light!

Ultimately, Great Rocs was still famous for their speed. He managed to avoid damaging his vitals.

However, with this slash, one of his wings was slashed apart!

Although Ling Qing was shocked, she seemed to be mildly on guard.  During the instant she saw the Duo Flowers Converged Crown atop Feng  Yunsheng, she didn’t attempt to block Feng Yunsheng’s attacks anymore.  Instead, she immediately turned around to evade it.

However, even if her reactions were quick enough, a black line still appeared on the mellow moonlight which shrouded her.

Then, the tranquil dim moon immediately convoluted in the void and broke into two without any warnings.

The black line was still chasing after Ling Qing. Just like Daoist Crimson Mist, it was merely chasing Ling Qing away.

Under Feng Yunsheng’s attack, the black saber-lights seemed to exist  in every corner of the space. Just like waves, they were curvy, rising,  descending, advancing with a normal speed, and fuzzy.

Upon witnessing this, everyone else was shocked as well, “She’s already at such a caliber?”

“Although it is unlike chaos extinguishing, it’s already very  similar!” An expression of disbelief appeared on both Mu Zha and Li  Xingba’s faces.

Gao Han’s gaze flickered as well, “

Oops,

the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor gave her that treasure a little too early…”

Feng Yunsheng exerted force in her finger after forcing the three into retreat, thoroughly twisting the Great Roc’s neck apart!

Her actions were simple and were all done in order. Every move could  be seen very clearly. And yet, it was so fast; no one was able to dodge  it.

After throwing the Great Roc’s corpse aside, Feng Yunsheng’s figure  suddenly flashed, and she appeared behind the grey Monkey Race Small  Saint.

Previously, when Feng Yunsheng was about to kill the Great Roc, two  Monkey Race Small Saints and a Crane Race Small Saint subconsciously  gave up on the Buddhists and attempted to assist the Great Roc. After  all, they are still in alliance.

However, even if they managed to catch up, the battle had already ended.

The Monkey Race Small Saint’s entire fur stood up. His figure  experienced an enormous expansion, becoming so massive that he couldn’t  be measured in any way. Just his head alone was as massive as the World  beyond Worlds’ Kunlun mountain range’s peak.

However, even with such an enormous body, Feng Yunsheng had already slashed her saber before he could even turn around.

She remained merciful and did not take the Monkey Race Small Saint’s life.

However, wherever the black light came in contact with, demonic blood  surged out of his body. His rigid and colossal body was like an  inflated balloon that shrunk rapidly, and he was forced down to his  knees.

Upon witnessing this scene, the other green-furred Monkey Race Small  Sain and the Crane Race Small Saint stopped their advancement and were  filled with fear.

Feng Yunsheng’s gaze swept across them. Instead of remaining on the  spot, she looked towards the empty void, while blue-black devilish  flames continually jumped around within her eyes.

In the next moment, the devilish flames in her eyes were  extinguished. She retreated and retracted the aura of annihilation  surrounding her body.

The tacit understanding between Yan Zhaoge and her was profound.  Without needing to communicate with Feng Yunsheng, he laid down both his  palms on the ground.

In the center of the vast formation, space started collapsing  downwards, forming a vast black hole. The black hole devoured its  surroundings and continually grew larger and larger.