Chapter 1394 - : Abnormally Calm

Gao Han chuckled and said, “You have nothing to do, after all, Little Friend Chen. Might as well try it out and wait for a while.”

“I have no needs for any clues. As long as I know about this matter, it’s fine,” answered Chen Qianhua indifferently. “I’m aware of the Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin. It’s not hard to locate her burial spot unless she had perished in an environment similar to the Original Nebula, just like her master did.”

“Naturally, that would be for the best. Of course, I still hope that you can help me locate the treasure first,” said Gao Han with a smile.

“That’s what I had in mind,” said Chen Qianhua with a chuckle.

Gao Han surveyed his surrounding void, “

Oh

, right. Previously, someone around here had sparked a conflict with Yan Zhaoge. If you’re thinking of finding him, at the very least, you can have a Virtual Immortal and a Profound Immortal as a helper.”

Then, he waved his hand, and two green talismans floated towards Chen Qianhua, “You can contact them through this.”

“I’ll consider it.” Chen Qianhua didn’t object, nor did he question anything else. He received the two talismans and turned around to leave.

Staring at his disappearing silhouette, Ling Qing asked, “You allowed him to search for the glazed green lamp equals exposing a way for him to investigate your bottom line. Wasn’t this the thing that attracted him the most? As for the clues regarding the Young Heavenly Lord, wasn’t he reluctantly accepting it?”

“That’s right,” said Gao Han plainly. “Originally, he never held any interest in me. After knowing that Ketu was my clone, his interest in me suddenly surged.”

Previously, the two barely had any contact with each other. As such, while Chen Qianhua had occasionally remembered that there was someone as mysterious as Gao Han, he often neglected it.

However, he had come in contact with the Concealed Sovereign many times.

After knowing that the Exalted Concealed Luminary was Gao Han’s clone, Gao Han had always been on Chen Qianhua’s mind.

Although Chen Qianhua possessed the Origin Heavenly Scripture, the disparity of cultivation between Gao Han and him was huge. Moreover, Gao Han had all sorts of hidden techniques, which even Chen Qianhua had no prior knowledge of.

The more mysterious Gao Han was, the more interested Chen Qianhua became.

“I heard about it a long time ago, but as expected, to know a man by repute wasn’t as good as meeting him face to face,” said Ling Qing. “You truly have it hard, having to interact with him.”

Gao Han smiled and said, “It’s rare of you to say something positive about me. I never expected it to be thanks to this matter.”

“He should be challenging the Pure Profound Tribulation soon, right?” asked Ling Qing with uncertainty.

“

Yeah

. He should only have one path ahead in the Leakless True Immortal Realm. From the looks of it, the path has been paved,” answered Gao Han with a nod.

The Exalted Concealed Luminary clone had been lurking within the World beyond Worlds in a low-key manner. Although he had always been secluded, and nothing seemed to be happening, he didn’t waste any time at all.

Although he seemed like he had been secluding himself for many years, it gave him sufficient time to derive a plan of action safely.

Other than investigating the Triratna Jade Scepter seal beneath the Kunlun Mountain, he had thoroughly studied all the matters and even the citizens within the World beyond Worlds.

“He also took a broad and comprehensive approach, in which all sorts of martial arts will return together as one,” said Gao Han. “Only, he treats learning martial arts very casually and only learns whatever he desires to. If he wants to challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation, he must first fuse all martial arts he had learned together as one.”

“Even if he didn’t care about it previously, at the current moment, he would have to force himself to do so. Of course, not all martial arts had to be fused as one. At the very least, they should complement each other.”

Gao Han waved his hand and left the area along with Ling Qing, “However, this path of his is much easier than Fu Yunchi and the Heavenly Emperor’s hurdles.”

After all the hurdles were overcome, it implied that the preparations were completed, and no hidden dangers would be found. Moreover, he could prepare the final accumulation and prepare to challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation.

Of course, this didn’t guarantee success in passing the tribulation.

However, without clearing the hurdles, risking yourself would only result in perishing by the tribulation in the end.

“Speaking of Fu Yunchi, he should have acquired the Taiyi Fist’s fist scripture already, right? With this, only one hurdle remains for him,” asked Ling Qing.

Gao Han snorted, “Right. Originally, his final hurdle would be the Taiyi Fist. Now, his final hurdle is Severing Feeling’s Parasitism, and recovering his dao of grand forgetfulness.”

“As for the Heavenly Emperor, he originally planned on using the Later Earth Text as a means of overcoming his final hurdle. From the looks of it now, he can only think of other ways to do so.”

Gao Han’s expression was a little queer. He didn’t seem to be gloating the Heavenly Emperor but instead seemed like he was laughing at other’s misfortune.

“How many hurdles does the Young Heavenly Lord have?” asked Ling Qing out of the blue.

“I don’t know either.” Gao Han replied frankly, “I can’t see through the very first person in history to cultivate the Three Clear Lineages, and successfully push open the Immortal Door.”

“He’s not like his father – Yan Di. He doesn’t even have a hurdle at all. After ascending to the True Immortal Realm, and spending a little effort, accumulating for a span of time, he could already challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation.”

“Even if you tell me that he had already formed the Duo Qis Fused Aura and ascended to the Profound Immortal Realm, I wouldn’t be surprised.”

Gao Han continued praising, “Daoist Yan with the addition of Yan Di. This family is truly an exceptional one. Unfortunately, this supreme martial art wouldn’t be spread throughout the world. It’s not anything of value, but it’s a perfect fit for Yan Di himself.”

After the praise, he sighed, “However, I can’t evaluate that Young Heavenly Lord at all. He might be the same as his father, or he could even be unprecedented.”

“Maybe, he might become the first True Immortal in history, which was destined to overcome more than a dozen hurdles?” Gao Han suddenly laughed.

Ling Qing said indifferently, “Do you even believe your own words?”

“Alright. I don’t believe it either.” The smile on Gao Han’s face disappeared.

A True Immortal Realm’s hurdle implied that one’s cultivation had resonated with the laws of the world, and the world had given its feedback on the cultivation’s weakness.

It might be caused by the cultivator’s own cultivation or cultivator’s own cultivation path.

In addition to those mentioned earlier that was manmade, there might be other sorts of “natural disasters” in the outside world. There were just too many uncertainties.

Even if one ascended to the Leakless True Immortal, the one becoming leakless was the person itself, not the laws.

The reaction would form something similar to a defect unto the martial art practitioner who had just ascended to the Immortal Realm.

After getting rid of the defects, only one would be capable and even have the confidence to challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation.

The hurdles differ for each person. Naturally, there were many different ways to overcome the hurdles as well.

“After what the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had told us, I’m currently very interested in how huge of a commotion will the Young Heavenly Lord cause.” Gao Han smiled and said, “He’s been to the Five Elements Mountain once. It feels like he’s not done with that place yet.”

Ling Qing said calmly, “Wasn’t that exactly what you wanted?”

“Only partly.” Gao Han’s gaze turned distant, “Don’t you think that a certain place had become too quiet during the past few years?”

“…Nine Underworlds!” Ling Qing’s eyes turned cold.

“Although they had been hiding their tails between their legs, no one had relaxed their wariness towards them,” said Gao Han vividly. “However, the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race had both resurfaced within the world, and everyone had clashed against each other. It’s abnormal for them to remain so quiet.”