Chapter 1393 - Means To Compensate

“Are you sure that the one pecking you was a goose, not a phoenix?” said Ling Qing indifferently.

Gao Han covered his face and let out a sigh, “His surname is Yan after all. It’s the same [1].”

Ling Qing frowned and stared at him, “Do we have no other means? We’ve already made so many preparations beforehand. Without mentioning repeating everything over again, even if we temporarily delay our plan, every passing day would undoubtedly take a huge toll on our resources. It’s too difficult to gather all the treasures and materials once again.”

“There are still other ways.” Gao Han placed down the hand he used to cover his face and said slowly, “There’s still some way to compensate for this. Only, we require some time.”

Ling Qing shook her head, “Then don’t display such a dejected expression.”

Gao Han smiled and shook his head, “I’ll have to admit this. The world is now under the dominance of the youth. I’ve already suffered from the hands of the Young Heavenly Lord twice, with the first being in the Dao universe’s World beyond Worlds, and the second being here.”

“If you didn’t clarify the “Young Heavenly Lord” title in front of Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist, no additional problems would occur, and we won’t lose the glazed green lamp,” said Ling Qing indifferently. “This was done to take revenge on that matter.”

Gao Han nodded, “I intended to get closer and observe that Young Heavenly Lord after all. It’s only normal for me to pay some price.”

“So, what are the results?” Ling Qing looked at him.

“Much better than I anticipated. Only, he’s also much more stubborn than I had anticipated.” Gao Han smiled, “He’s someone that would take advantage of others, but won’t let others take advantage of him. Whenever he felt that he had been taken advantage of, he would find a way to retaliate. Even if he doesn’t retaliate immediately, he will take his revenge in other places at a later period.”

“He won’t ever accept humiliation, and he would take revenge on every single matter, no matter how insignificant it might seem. Even if his opponent seemed to be stronger than him, he would rarely back out. Instead, he would retaliate. While he would keep his composure most of the time, he would occasionally act rashly.”

Ling Qing commented in an unbiased manner, “Easy to be taken advantage of. Making one single mistake would be sufficient to make him dejected.”

Gao Han smiled, “Even if this person would occasionally act rashly, he would calm down very quickly and think of ways to deal with his problems. As such, no matter how huge of trouble he had caused, if you were to look back, you would realize that he or his factions would ultimately retain the benefits in the end.”

“Initiating troubles against others, yet being capable of settling the matters. This, by itself, should be considered a talent, right?” asked Ling Qing.

“Of course. Someone that can incite troubles at any time wasn’t one to be wary of. Instead, someone who’s capable of settling their troubles after inciting it was someone to be feared for,” said Gao Han. “Compared to someone that doesn’t cause any troubles, and always abided by the rules, someone like Yan Zhaoge is far stronger.”

Danger and opportunity will always co-exist.

If one were to face endless dangers but couldn’t grasp the opportunities contained within, they would naturally be disdained by others.

Without facing dangers, no matter how safe one was, they would ultimately lose their opportunity as well.

Involving oneself in danger, yet being able to avoid a grim outcome, and grasping the opportunity contained within. Doing so once or twice might be accounted to them being lucky. However, if such a situation repeatedly happened, luck alone wouldn’t be sufficient in explaining it.

“Are you referring to yourself?” asked Ling Qing indifferently.

Gao Han smiled, “I wonder.”

Suddenly, from the faraway dark and boundless void, an energy ripple spread outwards. Then, the silhouette of someone appeared.

He was clad in a purple robe, and his skin was pale white, with an expression filled with boredom. He was the Heavenly Young Master – Chen Qianhua.

“Sorry for troubling you to come here,” said Gao Han with a smile.

Chen Qianhua said lazily, “There’s nothing troubling at all. I’ve always been very interested in matters regarding you. Coming here was solely to fulfill my amusement. However, I’ve been busy with other matters recently, and have no time to accompany you. Just tell me, why did you contact me for?”

Gao Han smiled and said, “Are you busy finding the location of Yan Zhaoge and the Pill Hall?”

“Yes, and no,” answered Chen Qianhua indifferently. “Recently, I’ve been busy with my cultivation. I’m trying to fuse all the arts that I’ve learned together as one and challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation.”

Gao Han said, “Ultimately, your goal is still to locate him. Only, with higher cultivation, it’ll be much easier to locate him.”

Chen Qianhua nodded, “That’s right.”

“However, with all due respect.” Gao Han said, “I’ve previously met up with Yan Zhaoge. Now, he had already pushed open the Immortal Door. I doubt that anyone of the same realm would be qualified to be his opponent with his strength. Even for you, even if you passed the Pure Profound Tribulation and managed to fuse your Immortal qi into Aura, you would have a hard time winning him.”

“I’m aware. Before I pushed open the Immortal Door, I’ve fought against him once,” said Chen Qianhua indifferently. He smiled and said, “I merely intend to play with him. I don’t necessarily have to fight him, do I? Fighting against him is merely a way of playing with him. Since I’ve done it once, there’s no need for me to fight against him anymore.”

“Challenging the Pure Profound Tribulation is merely a way of increasing my cultivation, which would then allow me to locate him along with the Pill Hall.”

Ling Qing frowned.

Meanwhile, Gao Han’s expression remained the same.

Based on his understanding, although Chen Qianhua was a rare martial arts prodigy, he wouldn’t persist in oppressing others using his martial arts.

Fighting against others was merely to satisfy his amusement.

“If that’s the case, I have a clue leading to where Yan Zhaoge is located at. How’s that? Are you interested?” Gao Han suddenly smiled, “If you’re not planning on making a move, it doesn’t matter if you’re a True Immortal or a Profound Immortal. Isn’t it better to locate him earlier?”

Chen Qianhua waved his hand indifferently, “Sounds good, but I prefer finding him myself.”

To him, finding Yan Zhaoge was also a source of amusement.

Gao Han’s smile widened even more, “If that’s the case, help me with something. Then, I’ll tell you about the clue related to Yan Zhaoge.”

Ling Qing relaxed her previously frowned brows and stared at the two.

Gao Han’s bargaining method was unique, indeed.

Others refused his information, yet he used said information as a bargaining chip to commission someone to do something for him.

What’s more, upon mentioning this, Chen Qianhua got even more interested, “

Oh?

What do you need?”

“Help me to find something. A derelict treasure,” said Gao Han.

“

Heh,

as expected, you’re an amusing fellow as well.” After staring at Gao Han for a while, Chen Qianhua finally nodded, “Alright, deal. What do you need?”

Gao Han lightly tapped his finger in thin air, and radiances surfaced, forming the glazed green lamp’s appearance.

Jade green radiances vaguely surged within Chen Qianhua’s eyes, intertwining with each other. Very quickly, the radiances died down.

“A Grand Virtual level Buddhism Immortal Artifact. This will take quite some time,” said Chen Qianhua indifferently. “I’ll contact you if I found anything.”

Gao Han smiled and nodded, “I’m uncertain as to where the Pill Hall is located, or where Yan Zhaoge is located. However, there’s a place that he might go later. Of course, I’m not sure when he will go. In fact, he might have already gone there.”

Although his words carried uncertainty, his tone was confident.

“Now, he had pushed open the Immortal Door. The Immortal Artifact left behind by Yi Tianxia had most likely been refined completely. From there, he might have acquired the knowledge regarding his mother’s Grand Master – Hu Yuexin’s final whereabouts. Coincidentally, I have some clues regarding said location.”

“Moreover, you seem to have free time to find us some assistance right now.”

[1] In Chinese pronunciation, the term “Yan” refers to a goose as well.