Chapter 1397 - Most Truthful At The Brink Of Death

“It’s here.” Yan Zhaoge affirmed after closing his eyes and sensing the area.

Blue-black devilish flames flickered within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes, “This doesn’t seem like a spatial dimension that was sealed shut.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “The first time the Bright Connection Emperor had entered here, she was trapped for hundreds of years. Then, after opening a passage to leave this place, the spatial boundaries around here transformed. Now, it seems to interconnect with other spaces.”

“Coming from different places, you could possibly land in different spots within this spatial dimension.”

As they were talking, they continued advancing.

Layers and layers of water screens intertwined in front of their eyes, making this place seem like a maze.

Upon coming in contact with the water screens or even attempting to traverse through them, one could possibly escape the spatial dimension and be teleported to other locations.

After a while, the two walked past the turning corner of two intertwining water screens. As they turned their heads, a flicker appeared in both of their eyes.

A tall and towering Canghua Divine Tree stood there!

Although it wasn’t as tall as the divine tree transformed by the Exalted Wood Luminary – Shao Junhuang, it was still a towering tree.

Seeing the towering divine tree flashing with faint bluish-green luster, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng let out a sigh.

There weren’t any hopes anymore. The Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin had indeed perished here.

Their lineage’s specialty was that when an Immortal Realm expert had perished, they would shed themselves into a Canghua Divine Tree.

A towering divine tree stood vertically on a water screen and was drenched within another water screen.

It seemed to be straddling by two layers of space. And yet, it wasn’t torn apart at all. It was a truly profound sight to behold.

However, it was apparent that the divine tree was currently in a feebly balanced state. With a little carelessness, the balance would be disrupted, and space would convolute. Then, the towering divine tree might be split in half.

The two reached the front of the tree and felt the vibrant aura. Even without winds, the leaves by the tree branches swayed around lightly.

“

Oh?

” Yan Zhaoge frowned. He extended his finger and lightly tapped it on the tree, “Please forgive me for my rudeness.”

As he came in contact with the tree, radiances emitted from it.

As light projections overlapped each other, a silhouette gradually formed within the void.

As the projection slowly became clearer, the silhouette of a woman appeared.

She looked to be in her thirties. She wore a white dress and was currently sitting in a lotus position.

Although her appearance was charming, she wouldn’t be considered very attractive. She paled in comparison to the Exalted Wood Luminary – Shao Junhuang, or Yan Zhaoge’s mother – Xue Chuqing.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both knew who she was, as they had already seen her light projection since a long time ago. They knew that this woman in white was Shao Junhuang’s disciple, and who Xue Chuqing referred to as her “Grand Master.”

Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin.

Although the Hu Yuexin projected in the projection wasn’t considered extremely attractive, she still had a noble aura around her. Her unique charm far surpasses most women.

Currently, within the Canghua Divine Tree’s projection, Hu Yuexin’s appearance was pale white.

Even after so many years had passed, the two could still feel her frailness through the light projection.

These seemed to be the final moments of her life.

She was heavily wounded and had no chance of recovery. Although she managed to brush off her enemies by hiding within the Starry River Tributary, she was powerless to do anything. She was on the brink of perishing.

Hu Yuexin, who was sitting in a lotus position, let out a long breath.

The aura exuded wasn’t colorless. Instead, it was mixed with a shade of grey and blood red.

With this, a few hints of redness resurfaced on her initially pale face.

Unfortunately, that wasn’t the sign of her wounds recovering.

On the contrary, that was the reflection of her final brilliance of life.

The Hu Yuexin within the projection had a hollow gaze, and she seemed dejected. Her tightly touted body slowly relaxed, and her straight backbone slowly slouched.

Her eyeballs moved, and she finally regained her focal point. However, her eyes slowly turned blurry and were covered by her tears.

“

Plip, plop…

”

Tears dripped from her eyes. Her eyes were filled with fear and feebleness.

The current Hu Yuexin was the opposite of everyone’s past impression of her.

“I… don’t want to die… don’t want to die… don’t want to…”

Her weak sobs, filled with her fear of death and her desire to survive, echoed within the void.

Afterward, hints of regrets and fatigues could be heard as well.

She regretted that her life would end just like that. She regretted that her sacrifice was solely for a Heavenly Essence Stone fragment. She regretted that she had been addicted to something illusive, like focusing on the orthodox Daoism’s flourishing.

In the end, her regret slowly turned into hatred.

She hated herself for contributing so much, only to be chased away by those of the same lineage in the World beyond Worlds. She ended up with no reliance, being isolated, and hunted down by others. Even when she died alone in a place like this, no one knew!

She resented her foolishness. For an illusive ideology, she wasted her entire life. In the end, it wasn’t worth it at all!

She resented her master – Shao Junhuang, who tricked her into walking this path! Shao Junhuang ruined her own life and managed to ruin Hu Yuexin’s life as well!

She harbored endless remorse. She regretted her decision to sacrifice her future and even her life solely for others.

Curses, scoldings…

Unimaginable vicious words spewed out from Hu Yuexin’s mouth. The spewed names included Shao Junhuang, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Gao Han, Ling Qing, and even Yi Tianxia. All of her allies were included within.

The tone of her curses went from high to low. In the end, it reverted to her sobbing and shedding bitter tears.

Everything leaked from within originated from her fear of death and her regret for her life.

Her sobs slowly became weaker, and the white silhouette slowly became weaker and weaker. She gradually fell to the ground, and all that remained was her despair…

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both watched with an unfazed expression.

“Some people said, only when you’re at the brink of death, would your inner truthful self be revealed. Only by then would you know what kind of person one was.”

Yan Zhaoge’s voice echoed within the space, “I agree with this opinion.”

“Especially when you’re in a situation fated to die, yet you’re unable to die immediately. You can only helplessly await your slow death. That’s the most torturing part.” With an unfazed expression, Yan Zhaoge passed through the tree and reached the water screen, “Although the situation was unsightly, it still made me a little surprised, and a little disappointed. However, I can understand why the Bright Connection Emperor bore regrets and hatred.”

“But…”

Yan Zhaoge lifted his palm and pressed it on the water screen. Then, the water screen vibrated.

The projection displayed by the Canghua Divine Tree was abruptly cut off.

“What I want to see is the true recordings of the Bright Connection Emperor before she reached her end, not something made up by some obnoxious person.”

Yan Zhaoge coldly stared at the water screen’s dent, which formed into a spatial hole.

On the other side, the silhouette of someone appeared. He said in a slothful tone, “

Oh,

you’re here?”

It was Chen Qianhua.