Chapter 1399 - Joint Ambush

Chapter 1399: Joint Ambush

Chen Qianhua’s slothful expression faded. His eyes became energetic, and he stared at Yan Zhaoge, “Yan Zhaoge, you’re a special person, but sometimes your thinking is way too conservative.”

“Are you willing to carry out such a plain life? That’s really…”

Before he could finish speaking, Yan Zhaoge had already made his move!

Through the layer of space, Yan Zhaoge used his fingers as his sword and stabbed it towards Chen Qianhua.

The horrifying dark-red sword-light tore through the fabrics of space, unfazed by space itself, and reached the front of Chen Qianhua.

Chen Qianhua remained on the spot. He extended both his hands forward and brought them towards his center.

A whirlpool was formed by the water screens that obstructed space, intending to lock Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal Trapping sword-light away.

As the water screens surged, the Canghua Divine Tree, which was half-drenched within, was carried away.

Half of the tree trunk branches which weren’t drenched remained at the same spot.

However, the other half drenched in water was affected by space itself and was being drawn apart.

Despite being extremely sturdy, under the distortion of two different spaces, the towering divine tree seemed like it was about to be torn apart.

Yan Zhaoge remained expressionless. He extended his other hand and pressed it on the Canghua Divine Tree’s trunk.

His time and space allowed the Canghua Divine Tree to regain its balance. At the very least, it wouldn’t be split in half by the distortion of space.

Chen Qianhua took the opportunity to retreat.

“I’ve already fought against you once. There’s no need for another round.” He said indifferently, “My goal here was to witness your disappointed expression. Yet, you’ve already seen through it beforehand.”

“Next time, let’s have fun with other sources of entertainment…”

As Chen Qianhua was talking, Yan Zhaoge strode forward!

He slashed a dark-red sword-light with his left hand and used the opportunity to pull his right hand back.

The sword-light sliced through the water screen, and Yan Zhaoge pulled the entire Canghua Divine Tree out of the water.

Under such an influence, the Canghua Divine Tree’s entire body was trembling intensely. Yan Zhaoge immediately moved his fingers and knocked them on the tree trunk.

The Jade Clear Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture and the Spatial Heavenly Scripture’s profundities were both released together, which immediately soothed the sudden changes brought about by its environment.

With a wave of his hand, the entire Canghua Divine Tree was pulled out of the ground.

The ground below was merely formed by the water streams.

After leaving the water streams, the entire Canghua Divine Tree seemed to have lost its nutrients and vaguely had a wilting sign.

However, Yan Zhaoge continuously flicked his fingers, and rays of brilliance flew out. They carried a part of the water streams and circulated the Canghua Divine Tree’s root system.

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge’s left hand unleashed another sword attack. Wherever the red lights passed, water screens would be slashed apart.

Yan Zhaoge’s figure continued moving forward. Under his control over the space, the Canghua Divine Tree shrunk and was placed into Yan Zhaoge’s right pocket.

Meanwhile, he continued walking forward. He stepped through the void with one step and descended upon the space which Chen Qianhua was located.

However, in the instant that Yan Zhaoge entered this space, various horrifying auras suddenly surged!

At the same time, Feng Yunsheng, who had been silently guarding Yan Zhaoge, also moved.

Within her eyes, blue-black devilish flames shone brightly. She strode forward and stayed beside Yan Zhaoge. She also entered the space.

More than a majestic, grand, yet ethereal sonorous voice of the great dao resounded. They clashed against each other and canceled each other’s effects.

Within the enemy’s ambush, there was a Grand Virtual Immortal.

Light and shadows overlapped each other. As they wavered, silhouettes appeared.

The man in the lead was wearing a golden crown and clad in a light yellow Daoist robe. His face was crimson red, and his beard grew from one side of his cheek. He was the previous Li Xingba.

Behind him stood his disciple – Gong Sunhui. Only, Gong Sunhui merely remained at the same spot.

Beside Li Xingba stood a White Crane. He was the Crane Race Small Saint that was previously fighting for the Three Brilliances Sacred Water.

At this moment, they joined together with Chen Qianhua and were working together to ambush Yan Zhaoge.

“You’re here for the Pill Hall, right?” Yan Zhaoge’s expression remained calm. He wasn’t caught by surprise at all.

Although they were all previously fighting for the Three Brilliances Sacred Water, something else possessed much more value in comparison.

In Gao Han’s previous instigation, the name “Young Heavenly Lord” was merely a part of it. The other part was also telling Li Xingba that Yan Zhaoge had control over the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall.

Although the Pill Hall could shift on its own, Yan Zhaoge was currently venturing outside. The Pill Hall couldn’t follow him.

With this, wouldn’t seizing Yan Zhaoge equal to acquiring authoritative control over the Pill Hall?

No matter if it was Li Xingba or the Crane Race Small Saint, neither of them could turn away from such temptation.

Even if the two weren’t familiar with each other, they had the reasons to work together now.

Now, borrowing Chen Qianhua’s strength, after learning that Yan Zhaoge could be coming here, they arrived to plan an ambush.

“How did they come in contact with Chen Qianhua? Right, it’s probably that Gao Han.”

Although Chen Quanhua had used all sorts of secret martial arts to erase their traces and even created a counterfeit recording of the Bright Connection Emperor, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng still found out in the end.

As soon as he discovered it, Yan Zhaoge realized that unless Chen Quanhua had achieved Five Qis Unification and managed to step into the Virtual Immortal Realm, there would be Virtual Immortals currently supporting him.

Otherwise, with how knowledgeable Yan Zhaoge was and how high Feng Yunsheng’s cultivation was, Chen Qianhua wouldn’t have fooled them for so long no matter how skillful he was in terms of secret martial arts.

As such, Yan Zhaoge wasn’t surprised that other Virtual Immortals were laying an ambush around Chen Qianhua.

Only, he didn’t expect them to be Li Xingba and the lot.

However, after thinking for a while, Yan Zhaoge understood that the connection between the two was Gao Han.

However, he ignored Li Xingba and the others’ existence and continued going after Chen Qianhua.

Feng Yunsheng had been quietly standing, solely because she was on guard against Li Xingba and the others.

Black devilish flames arose once again, hindering her opponent’s path.

Yan Zhaoge continued forward. He stepped through the fabrics of space and reached the front of Chen Qianhua.

He pressed his palm downwards. Chen Qianhua smiled at him, with no signs of resistance at all.

“

Huh?

” Yan Zhaoge frowned. He clasped his fingers and immediately shattered Chen Qianhua’s body apart!

However, when the body shattered apart, a huge pearl appeared within Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

“Phantom Mirage Pearl?” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flashed slightly, “You have such a treasure?”

Within the pearl, Chen Qianhua’s projection appeared. He smiled slothfully, “I just wanted to witness your reaction after watching the final moments of the Bright Connection Emperor that I created. I’ll be fine just watching it. I don’t necessarily have to be present there.”

The one present was merely a clone created by the Phantom Mirage Pearl. His original body had never even entered the Starry River Tributary.

“See you next time.” Chen Qianhua waved his hand at Yan Zhaoge, and the figure within the pearl slowly faded.

“Just like that?” Yan Zhaoge stared at the pearl, and a snicker appeared on his face.

He held the pearl in his left hand and lifted his right index finger. Radiances swayed on his fingertip.

Then, he touched the pearl with his fingertip!

The pearl trembled slightly, but no harm was done to it.

However, within the boundless void outside of the Starry River Tributary, a shadow suddenly wavered.

A green-shirt teenager fell out from the void, and his initially pale complexion became even paler.

Chen Qianhua stood there for a long time. He opened his mouth and spat out a field of radiant mists as if he was spitting out blood.

His entire body resembled porcelain. The porcelain’s surface cracked open, with radiances gushing out from the cracks.