Chapter 1398 - Bright Connection’S Remains

Yan Zhaoge remained speechless when staring at Chen Qianhua. “Hiding within the shadows? Or concealing behind the coordinates? If you didn’t use some unique martial arts, I would’ve realized that someone came here before us.”

“However, while this light projection came from the Canghua Divine Tree itself, how I can not tell if it’s fake or not?”

He stared at Chen Qianhua, “I was thinking of who would be so bored to do such things. Other than you, no one else would even bother doing it.”

Although Chen Qianhua’s expression was slothful, his eyes glittered. He locked his gaze with Yan Zhaoge and smiled, “Harboring respect, reminiscing yearning, searching for your senior’s burial grounds no matter what obstacle stands in front of you. Yet, when you discovered the truth, it wasn’t as beautiful as you would have imagined.”

“The person who you originally thought was determined and fearless, and even ended up sacrificing herself harbored such an evil side to her. I wonder how disappointed you would be and what sort of reactions you would give. This was truly something amusing for me.”

Chen Qianhua regretfully shook his head, “Sadly, you realized that it was my work instead.”

He suddenly smiled, “When creating this projection, I purposely utilized many kinds of secret techniques. Placing True Immortals and Profound Immortals aside, even Virtual Immortals would be fooled. And yet, you managed to see through it. Yan Zhaoge, you’re truly someone special!”

Yan Zhaoge stared at Chen Qianhua and laughed as well, “Based on what you said, even without looking at the projection, I’ll still be capable of making out that the Bright Connection Emperor’s final words were completely different from the illusion you created.”

“Now that you’re doubtful towards me, even if things don’t turn out the way you want to, you would still assume that I’m the one creating those illusions,” said Chen Qianhua indifferently.

He opened his palm, and an ice crystal appeared in his palm.

Within the crystal, a projection was being projected. The projection stood by the void as if the entire world’s water screen spanned across the two.

A white-dressed woman appeared within the light projection.

She was the Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin.

The appearance of Hu Yuexin within this light projection was no different compared to the previous illusion.

Her expression was dim, and her complexion was pale. One could tell how nasty her wounds were and how she was already hanging by the thread of her life.

However, different from the illusion Chen Qianhua created, the current Hu Yuexin had a much calmer expression.

A mouthful of turbid qi was breathed out, with all the impurities being ejected out of her body.

With this breath, a few hints of red appeared on Hu Yuexin’s initially pale expression.

At the brink of her death, her expression seemed to be even more open-minded.

Although there was an unconcealable weakness in her eyes, it was still as peaceful as the calm waters. There weren’t any hints of fear or hatred.

“Master, I wonder where are you, and how are you doing?” Hu Yuexin raised her head and stared at the all-encompassing water screens. Looking at the radiant reflections being shown by the water screen, she couldn’t help but be in a daze, “With your personality, you shouldn’t be afraid of dying. I’ve prepared myself mentally, as well.”

“If you’re still here, you wouldn’t have remained quiet even after so many years had passed. Only, I still harbor some form of hope.”

Hu Yuexin smiled, “However, today, I’ll have to depart first. I sincerely wish that you’re still alive. Unfortunately, I won’t be able to witness that scene anymore.”

“But remember, I didn’t bring shame to you.”

The woman in the white skirt whispered, “If I were to drink with you now, my alcohol capacity could compete against two to three of you.”

“I’ve always been cleaning your favorite wooden bed. Even after so many years, no worms infested it at all.”

“As long as you wish to, we can drink from morning up till afternoon and sleep from the afternoon till the morning.”

“Only, I might be unable to change my attitude of quarreling with you. But, if you’re willing to come back earlier, I’ll try my best to change it, and try my best to quarrel less with you…”

Hu Yuexin continued babbling as if her words had no significance behind them.

However, in the end, she displayed a beaming smile. More hints of red filled up her initially pale face, “I never forgot what you had taught me in the past.”

“No matter how steep my path is, no matter how hard, how hopeless it seemed, I had never shaken my resolve. To allow the orthodox Daoism to flourish, to wipe out the heretic demons, and clean up the entire universe, I’ve done all I could.”

“I’ve acquired the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment that you mentioned in the past. I also did my best to prevent this treasure from returning to the hands of the heretics.”

“While my life will end here today, there’s still the talented younger generations. Just like how you taught me in the past, I believe that the younger generations will certainly persist until we eliminate all evils and restore everything to order.”

The blush red on Hu Yuexin’s face gradually faded, and the radiance in her eyes was close to dying. She truly seemed like she was on the verge of death.

Within her pupils, the silhouette of an extreme beauty appeared. She was the Exalted Wood Luminary – Shao Junhuang.

“I won’t be able to see that day anymore, but our younger generations would surely witness that scene… Master, I hope that you’re able to witness it in the future.”

Hu Yuexin’s voice gradually became muffled, and her aura gradually became weaker.

Another silhouette appeared deep within her eyes, which slowly shaped into the appearance of another person.

That was a teenage man clad in black, wearing a white robe. His long jet-black hair extended to his back.

His features were similar to the Dim Radiant Emperor – Yin Tianxia that Yan Zhaoge was familiar with.

Only, contrary to the familiar impression Yin Tianxia left behind, this man seemed much younger.

Simultaneously, in Yan Zhaoge’s memories, although Yin Tianxia’s long hair was jet-black as well, his brows were pure white.

Meanwhile, this young man’s brows were black.

However, the pair of powerful and tranquil eyes filled with distinguishing features was no different from what Yan Zhaoge and the others remembered.

“I know that being late constantly is a bad habit, especially when I’ve been late for hundreds of years this time.” The white-dressed woman slowly lost the strength to support her head. Her neck bent lower and lower, “But, I promise, this will be the last time.”

“Baichuan, I’m coming.”

Her voice became barely audible until it was cut off.

The white-dressed woman sat stiffly on the spot, her head lowered, with her aura ceasing to exist any longer.

The Bright Connection Emperor – Hu Yuexin, ultimately perished within the Starry River Tributary’s spatial dimension.

Within the light projection, her corpse slowly transformed, and radiances shot out from within.

Vigorous vigor broke out, and eventually, her figure disappeared, leaving a sprout of tree on the spot. Branches slowly sprouted, which ultimately formed a towering Divine Tree.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both stood on the spot while witnessing everything, remaining silent throughout the entire process.

After a long while, the two bowed down towards the Canghua Divine Tree.

“That’s the Dim Radiant Emperor?” asked Feng Yunsheng softly.

“Yes.” Yan Zhaoge silently answered, “Yin Baichuan is the Dim Radiant Emperor’s original name. After he inherited the position of the Dim Radiant Sect’s sect master, he changed his name to Yin Tianxia.”

He turned his head and looked towards Chen Qianhua with his glaring cold eyes.

“You’re satisfied with just this alone?” Chen Qianhua’s expression was filled with slight disdain, “Being filled with uncertainty would be the greatest joy of living. If you already knew everything, what fun would remain?”

Yan Zhaoge coldly said, “Some people and some matters aren’t made for your entertainment purpose. Who are you to do such a thing?”