Chapter 909: My Mother, You Really Know How To Run

HSSB909: My mother, you really know how to run

Passing through a county, Yan Zhaoge suddenly spied a rope which hung within a family home.

That rope was intricate, not possessing any special uses at all as it was a mere accessory.

Woven with red rope, it looked somewhat like a ‘喜’ or ‘happiness’ character.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze lingered on it for an instant before shifting away.

He had such a rope too.

His mother, Xue Chuqing, had also woven it for fun back in the Eight Extremities World.

It was just that the weaving method was rather strange and unique. Yan Zhaoge had only ever seen his mother employing it.

Perhaps it was not just something that she alone could do.

It would also not be difficult for others who wanted to do so to analyse and recreate this method.

Still, suddenly seeing this rope when he was looking for his mother, Yan Zhaoge could be certain about things now.

With Fu Ting beside him, Yan Zhaoge showed no abnormalities on the outside. Still, his gaze scanning about, he found no traces of martial practitioners of Daoism’s Three Clear lineages.

Yan Zhaoge could not help but smile wryly to himself, “My mother, you really know how to run.”

While he felt rather helpless, having seen this rope, Yan Zhaoge’s earlier guess was thus verified.

It should have been his mother’s handiwork at that relic site.

From the looks of it, she had likely set up such a mechanism before leaving this world.

Shaking his head, Yan Zhaoge was silent, saying to Fu Ting after failing to find any other clues in the vicinity, “Let’s leave this Lofty Towering World and look elsewhere in the Loathing Square Immortal Realm.”

Fu Ting said, “Without any clues, it is no different from searching for a needle in a haystack.”

Yan Zhaoge knew full well that his mother had probably left after detecting some dangers.

Since the domain under the rule of the Immortal Court had already discovered that she had snuck in, the advantage of secrecy had been lost as it had instead become extremely dangerous, intense with every step as enemies could be lurking around any corner.

Under such circumstances, if Xue Chuqing had the ability to return to the worlds under the orthodox tradition of Daoism’s Three Clear lineages, she would definitely do so as soon as possible.

Yan Zhaoge intended to go to the other worlds of the Loathing Square Immortal Realm to assist Xue Chuqing in case she was still stuck here at the moment.

Otherwise, it would be considerably dangerous for her now.

Although Yan Zhaoge thought that with his mother’s fleeing abilities, she would surely have left an escape route for herself in having dared to sneak over, he still decided to look for her just in case.

His understanding of the Immortal Court’s situation was limited as the heavens knew what unique methods they might possess.

Moreover, he and Fu Ting now needed to look for a path back to the World beyond Worlds as well.

Having failed to make any discoveries in the Lofty Towering World, they could only look elsewhere.

“Speaking of this, why did mother not go to hide in the Roving Jade Heavens? This presently seems like the best hiding place for her.”

As he walked, Yan Zhaoge pondered, “Were there conflicts between them before?”

Not just Quan Haolong but even Yang Chong did not wish to cooperate with Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting.

Still, perhaps wanting to get rid of them as soon as possible, Yang Chong still guided the two to some place within the Lofty Towering World.

There was a dimensional passageway there which led to another world.

Gazing at the the mountain peak in the distance, Yan Zhaoge saw that the thick clouds had formed a strange vortex there.

The depths of that vortex at its centre was where the dimensional passageway was located. It led to another world under the jurisdiction of the Loathing Square Immortal Realm, the Dragon Kite World.

It was just that there were already people guarding the area.

Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting did not find this very unexpected. With the people here having detected their presence, they would likely conduct a search whilst guarding the dimensional passageways which led to a different world, thus being able to keep up an encirclement as they trapped them.

The two did not make any rash moves as they intended to first get a feel of the situation at hand.

Who knew that at this time, the entrance to that dimensional passageway would actually become unstable.

The heavy clouds in the sky quickly dispersed.

Streaks of golden light surged out from within.

Seeing that golden light, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting were both shocked, “…Buddha-light?”

A martial practitioner of Immortal Court’s Daoism flew into the Lofty Towering World from within that dimensional passageway, roaring, “The Buddhist devils have invaded, the Dragon Kite World virtually fallen completely to the flames of war. Various sects of the Lofty Towering World, join forces and adopt defensive positions! Do not allow these bald scum to gain any more ground!”

“Loathing Square Immortal Realm, we of the Immortal’s orthodox way hold the advantage. These bald scum have come to reinforce the enemies who were trapped earlier. Guard against this wave, and we will be able to utterly decimate them!”

Radiance suddenly arose about the mountain peak beneath the entrance of the dimensional passageway, collectively forming countless profound spirit patterns that enveloped the world.

The grand formation circulated, bright white light rising as it obstructed the golden Buddha light that shot out from the entrance of the dimensional passageway.

The next moment, Buddhist experts indeed descended from the dimensional passageway’s entrance as they came to invade this land.

On seeing this, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting were instead no longer in any rush as they silently retreated.

They did not intend to assist either side.

To the Immortal Court of Daoism and the blessed lands of Buddhism, they disciples of the orthodox tradition of the Three Clear lineages were all anomalies.

They simply had to observe the situation in silence and wait for a chance.

Still, that Immortal Court martial practitioner who had transmitted the news earlier had clearly been overly optimistic.

The offensive by these Buddhist experts was exceptionally fierce and intense.

Peak experts of Buddhism comparable to the Human Exalts of Daoism had descended upon the land!

The defensive lines formed by the Immortal Court martial practitioners guarding the entrance of the dimensional passageway quickly fell apart.

A great many martial practitioners of the Immortal Court’s Daoism were vanquished by the experts of Buddhism with their tough, unrelenting methods.

A detail that was noticed by Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting caused their expressions to turn more solemn.

The deafening chanting of Buddhist scriptures reverberated beneath all the heavens as the Buddha light of peak Buddhist experts surged, illuminating the entire Lofty Towering World as it was like the magnificent sun, leaving no corner dark and untouched.

As the Immortal Court martial practitioners with weaker cultivation bases were enveloped by that Buddha light, the treasured light within their bodies rapidly dwindled.

As their treasured light fluctuated intensely, the bodies of these Immortal Court martial practitioners suddenly broke gradually apart before they transformed into streaks of rainbow-light alongside their treasured light.

Their lives ended just like that.

“This is the rainbowification of the Immortal Court’s Daoism,” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “It is indeed like the Buddhists and how they extinguish their Buddha light.”

Still, he was more surprised by the fact that those martial practitioners had rainbowified to resist that Buddha light.

The ordinary folk who had never cultivated in martial arts before mostly had blank looks on their faces as the treasured light of Daoism within their bodies quickly vanished.

Yan Zhaoge muttered aloud, “They’re fighting over it?”

He and Fu Ting remained hidden as they observed the great battle that had erupted between the two sides.

The Buddhist experts possessed a domineering momentum as although there were experts of the Immortal Court protecting the Lofty Towering World as well, they were hard pressed to hold on as they were faced with this sudden assault.

As it seemed like the Lofty Towering World was about to be occupied by Daoism like the Dragon Kite World, all of the heavens and earth suddenly shook intensely.

“Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.”

The sonorous voice of the dao resounded as they vast, boundless chanting of Buddhism scriptures instantly became less substantial.

Detecting the fierce offensive launched into this world, peak experts of the Immortal Court had come to reinforce them.

The clash between experts at the level of Human Exalts instantly ripped the sky of the Lofty Towering World.