Chapter 914: Vicious

HSSB914: Vicious

“Cohabiting with the heavens?”

Repeating those four words, Yan Zhaoge could not help but laugh, “From the looks of it then, it should be the same for the Emperors of the Immortal Court’s lineage as well, and they should be entitled to a greater share of the power of faith from worship than you.”

“A Human Exalt like you-this should be the lowest benchmark for this honour of cohabiting with the heavens?”

The expression of the Vast Yang Exalt, Pei Hua, had already regained its calmness now.

Illuminated by golden sunlight, it was like his face was covered by a light veil.

Pei Hua asked slowly, “All of this was only just deduced by you?”

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, “I only learnt about the existence of your Immortal Court a couple of days ago. While I also saw the Buddhists before this, my understanding is still limited.”

“Speaking of this, I would really like to know as well-are things the same over with Buddhism too?”

While the Buddhists had already existed in pre-Great Calamity times, Yan Zhaoge already knew what the scriptures of the Future Buddha entailed. Still, he possessed limited knowledge of the specifics.

Pei Hua did not deny it or otherwise as he looked calmly at Yan Zhaoge, “You already know a lot.”

Yan Zhaoge curled his lips, “The way I see it, you know a lot too.”

He gazed at where Yang Chong had vanished and towards where he had slain Shang Jun earlier, “Far, far more than Shang Jun of the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm.”

“You, and them, are completely different.”

Yan Zhaoge appraised Pei Hua with a strange gaze, “You should truly understand the difference between your Immortal Court’s tradition and the orthodox tradition of the Three Clear lineages.”

“Is it because of the accumulation of your sect, with that Emperor having left behind news that year, that you already knew about it from the start?”

“Or was it that when you Immortal Court martial practitioners step into the tenth level of the Martial Saint realm, the Human Exalt stage…right, when you obtained the qualifications to ‘cohabit with the heavens’, you began to have a chance to see the truth then?”

Yan Zhaoge looked rather curiously at Pei Hua.

Pei Hua’s expression was mild, “If you want to see results, you have to pay a price. Isn’t it the same for you disciples of the external dao? It is only that the price we have to pay is different.”

“As compared to you lot who might not see any returns even if you pay a price, so long as we are devoted to the dao, the heavens will take care of us.”

“Our rules are far fairer than yours.”

Pei Hua’s gaze swept past Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting, “As I see it, this is the orthodox way.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “For you lot and the principles of the Future Buddha’s scriptures, the results your martial practitioners are able to attain are similarly affected by their innate talents.”

“While most important for you is still your devout heart, with your powers of comprehension and talent being less important than this, it is undeniable that when everyone similarly possesses the power of faith, it is still the case that the more talented and adept at comprehension one is, the easier it is for one to reach higher peaks.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed at Pei Hua, “Like you. Your talent and abilities are superior to that of Shang Jun and Yang Chong.”

Pei Hua said calmly, “So what?”

He looked first at Yan Zhaoge and then at Fu Ting, “I can tell that the two of you are both shockingly talented, unparalleled geniuses amongst geniuses who overwhelm the universe.”

“Two martial practitioners of the mid Seeing Divinity stage were able to kill Shang Jun of the mid Immortal Bridge stage. If it were me back at the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, I definitely would not be able to achieve this.”

“You martial practitioners of the external dao are indeed generally stronger than we of the Immortal Court’s orthodox dao at the same cultivation level. The two of you also far surpass those of the same generation amongst those of the external dao.”

“However…” Pei Hua slowly raised a palm.

“At this moment, in front of me, however outstanding the two of you are is totally inconsequential.”

Bright golden sunlight agglomerated on Pei Hua’s palm which was dazzling beyond compare, “Since my cultivation base is so much superior to yours.”

“I admit that I would likely not be a match for Human Exalts of your external dao. Still, my orthodox dao has Emperors, true Immortals to subdue them.”

Pei Hua’s expression suddenly turned a bit complicated, “As for the Emperors of your external dao, they too will also be dealt with by the Sovereigns of my orthodox dao.”

While saying so, Pei Hua slowly pushed out with a palm.

The blazing, tough power of the sun enveloped the heavens, causing Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting to feel as if their internal organs were being incinerated all at once.

Yan Zhaoge inhaled deeply, the five main internal organs of his body radiating light as it was like five divinities stood there.

Beneath the power of the manifested Five Elements whose strength flowed in an endless stream, a five-coloured treasured light enveloped his entire body.

Meanwhile, a plain-coloured cloud qi similarly shrouded Fu Ting’s entire body. She had executed the Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations.

The plain-coloured cloud qi dwindled unceasingly beneath the golden sunlight. Yet, it would then be replenished immediately, its amount neither increasing nor decreasing as it seemed immeasurable.

However, this palm of Pei Hua’s was even more powerful than it had been earlier.

Where the golden sunlight shone, Yan Zhaoge’s Five Elements Deific Immortal Body and Fu Ting’s Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body showed signs of instability.

The gap between their cultivation bases was very large at the end of the day.

Quan Haolong who was beside Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting had been involuntarily dazed when Yang Chong had died.

Now, enveloped by the light of the great golden sun as well, he involuntarily trembled as he looked disbelievingly at Pei Hua, the former hegemon of the Loathing Square Immortal Realm in his heart.

Although he was a martial practitioner of the Immortal Court, having been able to cultivate to the third level of the Martial Saint realm, how could he be a stupid person?

Because he had worshipped them ever since young, he had never suspected the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Immortal Court.

If Pei Hua had slain Yang Chong with a single palm, Quan Haolong would have felt sad at most, feeling regretful on Yang Chong’s behalf.

Earlier, however, none of Pei Hua’s power had truly descended onto Yang Chong’s body at all.

It had actually been the treasured light within Yang Chong’s body that had fallen under Pei Hua’s control all of a sudden.

As such, Yang Chong had been forcibly rainbowified against his own will!

As this was seen by him, Quan Haolong was left dumbfounded as a chill ran though his entire body.

Whatever method Pei Hua had used to kill Yang Chong, even if he had poisoned him or launched a sneak attack, none of them would have caused Quan Haolong to feel as panicked as he was now.

Having witnessed Yang Chong’s death, however stupid Quan Haolong was, he would still have related this to himself.

He looked panicked and shocked whilst also at a loss as his mind had fallen utterly into chaos.

The originally pure and bright treasured light within his body became unstable for the first time in his life as it flickered unceasingly.

As the treasured light lost its equilibrium, Quan Haolong’s true essence immediately turned dim and weak as Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting who were beside him were clearly able to sense this.

Pei Hua glanced indifferently at him, “There seems to be no further use in keeping you too.”

While the power of his palm had also enveloped Quan Haolong, right after the treasured light in Quan Haolong’s body lost its equilibrium, he immediately rainbowified as well.

Before dying to Pei Hua’s palm, Quan Haolong had already followed in Yang Chong’s footsteps!

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “Such methods can only be used on Immortal Court martial practitioners who have already betrayed their dao, with them instead unable to take effect if the other party still remains devout with their treasured light stable?”

While Pei Hua’s palm force was exerting great pressure on him, Yan Zhaoge maintained his normal expression as he even had the leisure to say, “You said just now that you could baptise Yang Chong, illuminating him again. You should have been able to do so for this Quan Haolong too, right?”

Pei Hua gazed at Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting, “As compared to him, I am more willing to illuminate the two of you.”

“If supreme geniuses like you can forsake the depraved and embrace that which is righteous, with your hearts devoted to the heavenly dao, it will be a great deed of merit for me.”