Chapter 910: What Do I Know? I Know That Your Death Draws Near

HSSB910: What do I know? I know that your death draws near

People often said that there could not be two suns in the sky.

At this moment, however, two suns hung high in the sky, illuminating the Lofty Towering World.

This world was even already unable to bear the infinite radiance of these two suns.

The sky had been ripped apart completely as sunlight shot into the distance, illuminating even the darkness of illusory space.

There was a great crimson sun in the middle of which could vaguely be seen a Buddha, his hair in a bun and light clothes around his body as he was seated cross-legged with his hands forming a seal.

His chanting of Buddhist scriptures reverberated throughout all the heavens, completeness in his various avatars as Buddha light illuminated the entire surrounding area.

The other was a golden sun which seemed like the actual sun in the overhead sky that illuminated the heavens and earth.

Endless radiance extended in all directions from that great golden sun, illuminating the entire Lofty Towering World with the light of day.

While from it did not emanate the pure and complete true-intent of Buddhism as was the case with that crimson sun, the golden sunlight it emitted was brighter and more blazing hot and purer as well.

Still, there were similarly streaks of treasured light within the golden sun that continually illuminated the area.

Seeing this scene, Fu Ting raised her brows slightly, “Buddhism’s Tathagata Sun lineage, Embryonic Concealed World Tathagata Seal.”

She then looked at that great golden sun, “This feels a little like…”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, the Vast Yang Scripture of Vast Yang Palace from pre-Great Calamity times.”

“Earlier, we saw someone of the Immortal Court who cultivated in this supreme martial art once having battled with the Dim Radiant Emperor.”

One red and one golden, the two suns fought for supremacy in the sky as the heavens and earth of the entire Lofty Towering World shook as a result.

It was not just the sky that had been torn. The mountains and rivers of the great earth beneath their feet were all breaking apart simultaneously as well.

The sturdiness and stability of the heavens and earth of the Lofty Towering World surpassed that of the likes of the Eight Extremities World, Vast Ocean World and Flame Devil World, yet could still not compare to the likes of the World beyond Worlds.

One of Daoism, one of Buddhism, as the two Human Exalts clashed, it was instantly virtually like the end of the world had come.

Fortunately, the two combatants still possessed the clarity of mind to break through space, quickly switching the location of the battlefield to extradimensional space.

Whether it was the Immortal Court of Daoism or the blessed lands of Buddhism, the ordinary folk living in this world were an important source of the power of faith, being something that they had been contesting over in the first place.

Perhaps it was to maintain the heavenly balance, or perhaps it was for their own purposes.

Whatever the case, the two Human Exalts broke through space and left.

While the heavens and earth were already shaken, the Lofty Towering World was hence spared from the fate of destruction.

Meanwhile, these peak experts aside, the remaining martial practitioners of the Immortal Court and Buddhism were clashing unforgivingly as well.

Those with higher cultivation bases directly followed after the two Human Exalts in breaking through space while those with lower cultivation bases clashed in the Lofty Towering World.

Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting now exchanged glances, simultaneously taking to the air.

Making use of the current chaotic state of affairs, the two immediately covertly departed the Lofty Towering World through the crevices of shattered space.

Much like when the two had come to the Immortal Court’s side due to Mars Halberd’s blow back then, space itself was currently already all messed up.

Spacetime had become chaotic beyond compare as there were powerful aura fluctuations all over the place, the flames of war seemingly having arisen and spread everywhere.

“With how things are now, even if my mother is in one of the other worlds, she should still be unable to stay there in peace as she too would have to think of a way to flee far away,” Yan Zhaoge thought.

For him, Fu Ting and Xue Chuqing who were of the orthodox tradition of the Three Clear lineages, this sort of battlefield between experts of the Immortal Court and Daoism was the least ideal for concealing oneself.

If they restricted their cultivation bases, they would easily be affected by the aftershocks of the battle as they might die without even knowing what hit them.

If they did not restrict their cultivation bases, they would be conspicuous indeed as they possessed neither Buddha light nor the treasured light of Daoism, their identities therefore being self-evident.

Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting met with such a problem as they attempted to flee now.

Although the two Human Exalts were currently clashing as they ignored things over there, there were still other opponents who now discovered the abnormalities with Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting.

A powerful wave of qi swept through the world, surging towards the two of them.

The newcomer’s aura was powerful indeed as it resembled dark clouds hanging overhead.

Radiance vaguely flickered amongst the clouds as ten rings of light were visible within, resembling the descent of ten divinities.

Yan Zhaoge blurted out, “Heavenly Stem Cloud Overturning Qi?”

“The trademark martial art of the Ephemeral Cloud Star Sect of pre-Great Calamity times, Heavenly Stem Cloud Overturning Qi?” Fu Ting quickly realised, “Yet another long lost supreme martial art.”

Still, whether or not this was really the Heavenly Stem Cloud Overturning Qi, bright treasured light was emitted from amongst that clump of clouds.

As these clouds advanced, they domineeringly defeated all the Buddhist martial practitioners that they encountered, sweeping through all who stood in their path.

Seeing this, Yang Chong and Quan Haolong were both shocked, “Chief Shang is here!”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, asking, “Chief Shang?”

Yang Chong forced a smile, “The number one expert of my Lofty Towering World, the Chief of the Ephemeral Cloud Star Sect ‘Overturning Winds Toppling Rain Hand’ Shang Jin!”

The Ephemeral Cloud Star Sect was the greatest sect of the Lofty Towering World, possessing strength which surpassed that of the Chaotic Heavenly Sect.

Their Chief Shang Jun was the famed hegemon of a region even in the entire Loathing Square Immortal Realm.

“Hah, even the name of the sect is the same,” Yan Zhaoge smiled as he veered off to the side.

Fu Ting understood his intentions as she flew away alongside him, gradually gaining distance from the Lofty Towering World as they fled into the depths of space.

That clump of clouds changed direction as well, accelerating as it still looked set on intercepting Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting.

Yan Zhaoge controlled his speed and was gradually intercepted along with Fu Ting after some time.

Amidst the clump of clouds appeared a man of around thirty who was dressed in brocade clothes.

Ten rings of light wreathed his body as he was like a divinity who had descended upon this earth.

The man gazed down upon Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting, saying coldly, “Disciples of the external dao, what happened with the Chaotic Heavenly Sect within the Lofty Towering World was your doing?”

Looking at Shang Jun before him, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “You have no basis for saying so at all.”

Shang Jun said, “It is meaningless if you try to deny it.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, “What do you intend to do then?”

Shang Jun laughed coldly, “What do I intend to do? First things first, capture you.”

Yan Zhaoge pointed at the ongoing battles in the distance, “Yet, are you not battling the Buddhists? Why are you paying attention to us unrelated people?”

Shang Jun chortled, “While the Buddhist devils are major enemies we are facing, capturing you will really be simplicity itself.”

“The Buddhist devils will not be able to stay arrogant for long. Evil devils and those of the external dao all have to be exterminated. I might as well simply capture these big and small fish together in one fell swoop, casually taking down all the small fry as well while I am at it.”

Even as he spoke, he raised his palm, “Looking from your cultivation bases and ages, the two of you are truly extraordinary as you should be peak geniuses of the external dao.”

“It is truly regrettable that you have fallen into the external dao. Still, it is not too late for me to initiate you into the orthodox way.”

Fu Ting said, “Who are of the orthodox tradition of Daoism and who are of external daos is not something that you can say for sure.”

Shang Jun laughed, “What do you two juniors know?”

With that, he struck down with a palm!

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge too chuckled, “I know that your death draws near.”