Chapter 915: Little Sword God

HSSB915: Little Sword God

Yan Zhaoge wielded the Extreme Yang Seal, blocking Pei Hua’s palm force.

He laughed, “Isn’t it that you rather desire this treasure of mine as well?”

Looking at the Extreme Yang Seal, Pei Hua said slowly, “Just glancing at it earlier, I still could not be certain of it. Still, I can tell now. This is the Extreme Yang Seal?”

“It once belonged to an expert of your external dao known as the Exalted Solar Luminary.”

Yan Zhaoge blinked, “You even know of the Exalted Solar Luminary?”

Pei Hua said mildly, “I heave heard of him before. Apparently, his lineage had some ties with my Vast Yang Palace initially.”

“I can tell that the concept contained within this Extreme Yang Seal is also indeed somewhat similar to that of the Vast Yang Scripture.”

“Since that is so, with this Sacred Artifact seemingly truly connected with my Vast Yang Palace by fate, I will have no qualms taking it.”

Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “So you have it all planned out, huh? Still, have you asked the current owner, me?”

Pei Hua similarly laughed, “You are going to return beneath the heavenly dao and enter my Vast Yang Palace to study martial arts anyway.”

Amidst his laughter, he abruptly clenched the unfurled fingers of his hand into a fist.

That martial concept was similar to the Extreme Yang Scripture, also possessing some similarities to the lineage of the Radiant Light Sect which had been descended from the Dim Radiant Sect.

His fist glowed brightly with golden light as it was like the great sun had descended, all things falling to ruination where the radiance passed!

Faced with this Vast Sun Divine Fist of Pei Hua’s, Yan Zhaoge had a heavy expression on his face as he swiftly reaffirmed the plan of action he had decided upon, preparing to face his enemy.

Now, however, space suddenly shook over in the distance.

The darkness of space was split apart as a long river could now be seen, instantly traversing through space and arriving before them.

Seeing this, Pei Hua could not help but frown, “Why have you come to the Loathing Square Immortal Realm?”

The newcomer was shockingly another Human Exalt of the Immortal Court.

That mighty aura was not as tough and blazing as Pei Hua’s, yet was more abundant and expansive.

The long river that was formed of his true essence flowed on in an endless stream throughout the universe as it was like a heavenly river.

“Heavenly River Scripture?” While Yan Zhaoge did not recognise the person, he quickly recognised the martial art he was executing to be one that was not any inferior to the Vast Yang Scripture at all.

There had been a famed sect known as the Heavenly River Sect in pre-Great Calamity times whose disciples had been renowned for the abundance and heaviness of their true essence.

Atop the heavenly river stood a green-robed man who hurriedly said as he saw Pei Hua, “It is good that you are here. Hurry, come over and help…”

Before his words had fallen, a figure suddenly appeared in the direction of the distant heavenly river.

“So what if there are two of you?”

An indifferent voice resounded as a streak of white sword-qi smoothly appeared behind the green-robed man.

The green-robed man was greatly startled as he swept along boundless river water to counter that white sword-qi.

There was only a wisp of that white-sword qi which resembled smoke as it was so miniscule it was virtually undetectable.

Yet, like a sharp pair of scissors ripping through cloth, as the white sword-qi sliced lightly, that vast heavenly river was immediately cut apart right at the middle!

It was as if the long river that ran across space had been directly split apart by a mere wisp of white sword-qi!

Pei Hua, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting simultaneously blurted out, “…Immortal Ending Sword!”

Where the sword passed, no spiritual light or dao patterns could be seen.

There was only destruction, extermination, slaughter and the eternal end.

Let alone that green-robed man, even Yan Zhaoge and the others who were a great distance away had illusory phenomena abound before their eyes as they saw that streak of mild white sword-qi.

Between the heavens and the earth, all things of creation, whether formless or tangible, seemed to fall into extermination beneath this sword, drawing to their final end.

Yan Zhaoge himself cultivated in the Immortal Ending Sword. Seeing this sword now, he was able to be certain at first glance that this was the most orthodox Immortal Ending Sword of the Prime Clear lineage’s Immortal Exterminating Four Swords!

At the source of the distant heavenly river, despite seemingly not having moved at all, that figure had already arrived in the vicinity.

He just stood quietly there, just mere steps away from that green-robed man.

It was as if he had been standing there all along, never having moved at all.

Looking over, Yan Zhaoge, Fu Ting and Pei Hua saw that this was a youth.

His clothes were white as snow as a crown rested upon his head. Besides a sword of steel, he had nothing else with him.

This youth looked no more than fifteen or sixteen on the outside, though his actual age was hard to discern.

Yan Zhaoge discovered that it was very difficult for him to clearly view the other party’s appearance.

As he gazed at that youth, his mind would waver slightly, his body seemingly about to lose its feeling.

It felt…just like he was dead, his soul not residing in his body.

Still, Yan Zhaoge could be certain that this was not actually a bewildering effect of the other party’s martial arts.

Instead, it was due to his extremely sharp, domineering sword-intent!

It was sharp and domineering to the point that one would be injured just focusing their gaze on him.

Not even knowing what hit them, they would already have died to his sword!

In comparison to this, it seemed like Lin Hanhua’s sword was really much milder.

At the very least, Lin Hanhua’s sharp, domineering sword was still visible to others.

As for this youth, just having thought about looking at him and acted upon it, most people would already have been wounded by this!

Despite his young appearance, this was clearly a famed, peerless cultivator of the sword.

A peak expert of the tenth level of the Martial Saint realm, the Human Exalt stage.

A Human Exalt of the orthodox tradition of Daoism’s Three Clear lineages.

Compared to the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie who was also a sword cultivator, not speaking of whether this Exalt in the form of a white-clothed youth was stronger or weaker than him, he definitely was sharper and more domineering in nature with even more overt aggressiveness.

Pei Hua actually recognised that white-clothed youth, “Long Xueji?!”

At the same time, Fu Ting said another name, “Are you the…former ‘Little Sword God’, Qian Xueji?”

Yan Zhaoge turned, asking her, “You know him?”

Fu Ting muttered, “I don’t know how he looks like, but this sharp, domineering sword-intent and his white clothes and jade crown-it very much seems like a senior of the past. That senior mysteriously vanished, but who would have thought that…he is actually a martial practitioner of the Prime Clear lineage.”

That white-clothed youth ignored Pei Hua, also not responding to Fu Ting’s words.

His gaze was bone-piercingly cold as it swept the area, finally coming to rest on Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting, “What are the two of you doing here?”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes narrowed slightly, “He knows Fu Ting, and knows me too…”

“He is actually surnamed…Long?”

Even as he talked to Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting, that white-clothed youth did not cease in his actions.

After splitting the heavenly river with a single sword, he chopped out with another sword towards the green-robed man.

The green-robed man stimulated his high-grade Sacred Artifact to parry it.

Then, a truly shocking scene transpired.

The white-clothed youth’s sword directly cleaved apart his opponent’s high-grade Sacred Artifact!

Yan Zhaoge saw it clearly.

The sword held by this major sword cultivator of the Prime Clear lineage was not a Sacred Artifact or even a spiritual artifact or normal artifact. Instead, it was just an ordinary steel sword which could be seen in human smithies all over the place.

It was completely because of his cultivation base that he had been able to cleave apart that Sacred Artifact.

More terrifying was the fact that the momentum of his sword did not stop with this as it continued descending towards that green-robed man.

“Opponents like you-what does it matter how many there are?” The white-clothed youth said in an indifferent tone, “You really bring much disgrace to the name of Exalts.”

The green-robed man’s gaze looked on the brink of imploding as he tried to struggle.

Yet, struck by that sword, his body was directly cleaved apart into two!