Chapter 922: The Upcoming Battle Between Emperors

HSSB922: The upcoming battle between Emperors

Just a moment ago, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone who had been in seclusion at Broad Creed Mountain in the World beyond Worlds had successfully broken through the bottleneck which had been hindering him.

After all his main acupoints resonated with the stars of the actual universe, having seen true Divinity, the Northern Ocean Clone had successfully refined one of his obscure acupoints to see Divinity too.

With this, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone had successfully stepped into the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Seeing Divinity stage.

Hence stepping into a whole new level.

Even though the connection between Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone in the World beyond Worlds had been weakened greatly as they were separated by countless layers of space, such an advancement in cultivation base was still sensed by Yan Zhaoge himself from this location.

More importantly, at that instant at which the Northern Ocean Clone had advanced, refining that obscure acupoint, Yan Zhaoge had had some comprehensions which aided him greatly in his own cultivation.

Ever since ancient times, although experts refining clones was rather rare, it was still not all that uncommon a thing.

Still, refining a clone with a cultivation base that was even higher than that of one’s real body was extremely rare indeed, as rare as the horns of Qilin and the feathers of phoenixes.

Yan Zhaoge was one of those rare cases.

Different people who cultivated in different martial arts would surely have some differences in the paths that they walked. The same applied as well for martial practitioners and their clones.

The experiences of either side would be of worth to the other as they would be able to refer to this. Still, this might instead cause some barriers in knowledge, instead leading to a new obstacle arising.

Still, the accumulation of Yan Zhaoge’s real body had just been too abundant.

Yan Zhaoge had not slowed his pace after lighting up starlight and stepping into the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Seeing Divinity stage.

He had not allowed himself to grow slack even after that great war in the Royal Reed Sea had ended.

As one of the earlier three scriptures of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture possessed miraculous uses.

Even if one did not consciously circulate their profound arts, strength would still secretly be accumulated amidst their breathing, hence enhancing their cultivation bases all the time.

It would be like one was cultivating at every second, every moment, every instant.

Therefore, as Yan Zhaoge cultivated normally, his accrued accumulation was actually greater than for others.

While he had not seen the Brocade Emperor in the Minor No Hatred dao arena back then, Yan Zhaoge and his father had both not been in a rush at all as they had quietened down to cultivate.

Prior to this, Yan Zhaoge had already refined all his major acupoints to see Divinity, standing at the peak of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm as he had just been a paper-thin distance away from the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Now, inspired by the Northern Ocean Clone’s opening of an obscure acupoint, Yan Zhaoge had then instantly smashed through that final obstacle that stood before him.

Even as the Northern Ocean Clone had advanced into the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, Yan Zhaoge himself had similarly attained the late Seeing Divinity stage.

Yan Zhaoge had completed his breakthrough in front of Fu Ting without anyone else to guard him.

Fu Ting did not do anything to harm him as she simply stood quietly by the side, helping him to keep vigilant watch over their surroundings.

When Yan Zhaoge ceased in his cultivation, he saw Fu Ting looking over with a look of admiration on her face, “Young Master Yan is a peerless genius. Fu Ting is in admiration.”

“It was just a stroke of fortune. Miss Fu overpraises me. I must still thank Miss Fu for helping me to stand watch during my breakthrough,” Yan Zhaoge looked at Fu Ting, “If I do not see wrongly, Miss Fu’s main acupoints have nearly all been refined to see Divinity as well.”

Fu Ting said, “It always gets harder the higher one goes. The closer one is to success, the higher the difficulty instead is.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded.

If one divided martial cultivation into different stages, it was generally the starting and ending of each stage that were the most difficult.

With a good start, having gotten on the right track, things would be relatively easier in the middle. Even if time was depleted, it would still mostly be on necessary accumulation which could not be avoided anyway.

With Yan Zhaoge having successfully attained the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Seeing Divinity stage, the two set off once more.

With his cultivation base having improved, Yan Zhaoge was even more at ease amidst chaotic spacetime as the road back to the World beyond Worlds was naturally smoother for them.

A number of days passed. Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting both sensed that they were finally gradually nearing the World beyond Worlds.

One fine day, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting emerged from a chaotic flow of space to find the world before them glowing brightly as it was shockingly a wound of the sky.

After distinguishing the surrounding environment, Yan Zhaoge instantly smiled.

The World beyond Worlds was close at hand.

They had successfully returned.

While they did not know which location in the World beyond Worlds they might end up in, they would finally be able to return.

Still, the wound of the sky before them suddenly shook now.

Then, someone emerged from within, arriving amidst the vast, limitless extradimensional space.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting, this person was involuntarily taken aback.

Looking over, Yan Zhaoge saw that the other party was a black-clothed man who looked around fifty from the outside. He looked upright and honourable with a righteous aura about him.

Seeing Fu Ting, that black-clothed man was rather astonished, “Red Lotus Fu, you are returning to the World beyond Worlds?”

He then gazed towards Yan Zhaoge, hesitating momentarily, “You…could you be Broad Creed Mountain’s Yan Zhaoge?”

Fu Ting recognised the black-clothed man, “So it is Chief Liu of the Jade Mountain Sect.”

She introduced the two of them, “Young Master Yan, this is Chief Liu Xiangtong of the Central Jun Heaven Territory’s Heavenly Hut Mountain’s Jade Mountain Sect.”

“Chief Liu, this is precisely Young Master Yan, Yan Zhaoge.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, cupping his hands, “Nice to meet you, Chief Liu.”

In the coremost central Jun Heaven Territory of the World beyond Worlds, the place that was most widely known was Kunlun Mountain.

Still, the vast central Jun Heaven Territory still contained other regions besides Kunlun Mountain. The Heavenly Hut Mountain was one of the other powers there.

While Yan Zhaoge had never heard of the Jade Mountain Sect before, he had long heard of the Heavenly Hut Mountain.

This Liu Xiangtong had already ascended the Immortal Bridge as he possessed unordinary might.

Still, from what Yan Zhaoge knew, it was not an easy thing for one to have a stable foothold in the central Jun Heaven Territory.

One either had to be strong enough or possess a powerful backer.

From the looks of it, Jade Mountain Sect’s backer might be Ingenious Flying Peak’s Red Lotus Cliff?

Still, Liu Xiangtong seemed to be very astonished seeing he and Fu Ting about to return to the World beyond Worlds.

Fu Ting detected this as well, “Chief Liu, has something special happened? I was previously out in extradimensional space and was not in contact with the World beyond Worlds for some time. I merely just returned today.”

“It is no wonder then,” Liu Xiangtong said in a heavy tone, “Today is the date of the battle between the Immortal Artifact of the Exalted Fire Luminary of the past Kunlun Nine Luminaries, Mars Halberd, and the Brocade Emperor. They previously agreed on battling it out in this place today.”

“In order to avoid damaging the World beyond Worlds, they agreed to battle amidst extradimensional space. Many intend to spectate their battle, and I am one of them.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Ting exchanged looks.

Liu Xiangtong sighed, “I really had not thought that this Immortal Artifact, Mars Halberd, would actually possess complete self-consciousness as he can virtually be considered an Emperor himself.”

He looked at Fu Ting, “It is said that he wrecked your lineage’s Minor No Hatred dao arena when the Brocade Emperor was away. Afterwards, he also wanted to attack the Southeastern Exalt’s Golden Court Mountain.”