Chapter 926: Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel

HSSB926: Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel

Hearing that Yan Zhaoge too was unaware of Feng Yunsheng’s whereabouts, Guan Yuluo’s spirits instantly fell greatly.

“We met each other in a foreign dimension outside of the World beyond Worlds but unfortunately ended up getting separated afterwards.”

She looked rather worried.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “The next time I meet her, I will tell her that a young sis has been missing her all this while.”

Hearing his words, Guan Yuluo said happily, “Thank you then, Young Master Yan. If you have time in the future, you are welcome to come to Cloud Remnant Mountain with Big Sister Feng as guests.”

Hearing her words, Zeng Mo’s expression did not change as he showed no intention of rebutting her.

“We of Broad Creed Mountain have also long heard of the famed name of the Northern Exalt. It would be an honour indeed to visit your Cloud Pavilion Mountain,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, nodding.

From what Xiao Ai had said, Xue Chuqing had once been in the Northern Profound Heaven Territory for quite a lengthy period of time.

She had encountered and taken in Xiao Ai someplace in the Northern Profound Heaven Territory.

The northern Profound Heaven Territory had also never given an order to capture Xue Chuqing.

While they had not taken care of her, they had closed one eye and let her be at the very least.

The relationship between the northern Profound Heaven Territory and the northeastern Sky Heaven Territory was apparently not all that harmonious.

With the likes of border conflicts and competition over resources and talents, neighbouring Territories generally did not have good relationships. This was really to be expected.

Still, the Northern Exalt and the Northeastern Exalt seemed to share the same stance regarding the handling of Xue Chuqing’s matter.

After Yan Zhaoge had greeted Zeng Mo and co, they then walked to the distant Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel together.

The Northern Exalt’s lineage of Cloud Pavilion Mountain’s Profound Remnant Locale had no special ties with the Brocade Emperor’s lineage of Ingenious Flying Peak’s Red Lotus Cliff.

Still, having come to witness such a grand affair, propriety dictated that they go over to greet those of Ingenious Flying Peak.

As they walked, Zeng Mo and the others were actually also observing Yan Zhaoge.

While Yan Zhaoge was not deliberately flaunting his cultivation base, he was not concealing it too.

With the cultivation bases of Zeng Mo and the rest, they could all tell just how remarkable he was.

Therefore, every one of them faced what Chief Liu Xiangtong of the Jade Mountain Sect had earlier.

It was not astonishment. Instead, it was more like receiving a fright.

While Guan Yuluo was unable to see through Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation base, after being informed of it via sound transmission by Zeng Mo and the others in secret, her eyes instantly grew wide in shock.

A Profound Remnant Locale martial practitioner hesitated for a moment yet ultimately still asked in the end, “Eldest apprentice-brother, could his age be…”

There had also been martial practitioners in history who had falsified their ages using unique methods, misleading others and attaining false fame.

While it was rare, it was not unheard of.

“Even if it is falsified, I cannot see through how he is doing it, at least,” Zeng Mo said mildly.

That Profound Remnant Locale disciple nodded silently.

Even if it was fake, it was still capability itself to have fooled Zeng Mo’s eyes and not to be underestimated at all.

If it was not fake, one could really only sigh in mediocrity.

Zeng Mo said, “Instead, it is just unexpected that this Young Master Yan has close ties with Ingenious Flying Peak. While it is said that the Southeastern Exalt admires him greatly, the Southeastern Exalt is the Southeastern Exalt and the Brocade Emperor the Brocade Emperor at the end of the day.”

His fellow disciple muttered, “If it really is like what he said and that talisman was bestowed by that Red Lotus Fu, could it be that…”

Zeng Mo shook his head, “We cannot say.”

Someone else asked via sound transmission, “Eldest apprentice-brother, do you think the Immortal Artifact left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor then really landed in the hands of this young man?”

Zeng Mo said, “It is rumoured that there was an expert of the ninth level of the Martial Saint realm in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, the Star Plucking Practitioner, who died at Broad Creed Mountain. I believe that the rumoured Immortal Artifact should be real.”

The other party drew back the corners of his lips at this, his expression a bit unnatural.

Speaking of this, while Guan Lide was unrelated to the Northern Exalt, they shared the same surname as many of the World beyond Worlds even suspected that they might share a connection.

That person muttered to himself, “In that case, that Immortal Artifact should still be at Broad Creed Mountain rather than being brought around by Yan Zhaoge as he traverses the world?”

Zeng Mo glanced at him, “What are you thinking?”

The other party was silent for a moment before he said, “Master has a strict decree that disciples of Profound Remnant Locale are not to get involved in the matter of the Dim Radiant Emperor’s relic.”

“Of course I remember this. Still, eldest apprentice-brother, that is an actual Immortal Artifact…”

Zeng Mo was not angered as he just asked calmly, “Such a strict decree for us to remain uninvolved with a certain treasure-how many times have Master given these?”

Hearing his words, a thoughtful look appeared on the face of that Profound Remnant Locale disciple.

The answer was very few times indeed.

Still, it was precisely this that demonstrated the severity of the matter.

The Profound Remnant Locale disciples all stopped speaking as they silently followed Zeng Mo.

Yan Zhaoge accompanied them as well as they soon arrived in the vicinity of that red lotus.

As they approached, they were able to sense the colossal size of that red lotus which was completely crimson, boundless and without end as it resembled a sea of flames.

That red lotus blossomed, each massive petal seemingly engulfing space.

Some people were already gathered in groups of two and threes on its petals.

Yan Zhaoge knew them to be from powers which were friendly with Ingenious Flying Peak that were also of sufficient standing to be standing there.

At the centre of the red lotus, a white stream of qi and a black stream of qi circulated, resembling the stamen and pistil of the flower.

As the black and white qi circulated, they formed a Taiji diagram whose centre supported a huge divine vessel.

From the outside, it looked at least fifty percent larger than usual Riding Wind Heavenly Vessels.

As Yan Zhaoge walked towards the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel, he saw a familiar face along the way, this being Mu Jun of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage at Golden Court Mountain.

After exchanging greetings with Mu Jun, Zeng Mo’s group bid Yan Zhaoge farewell and continued walking towards the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel.

Yan Zhaoge remained there and began chatting with Mu Jun.

“Something serious seems to have happened in extradimensional space with the Brocade Emperor and the Heaven Emperor both having hurried there earlier,” Mu Jun said, “The Heaven Emperor has still yet to return, so there is no need to worry about him. If not for this battle with Mars Halberd, the Brocade Emperor too would not have the time to return.”

Yan Zhaoge observed their surroundings, “With such a grand event occurring, no Exalts have come?”

Mu Jun said, “Besides that Upper Exalt whose movements are drifting and untraceable, Master and the other Exalts generally have to remain in the World beyond Worlds. It was to officiate things that the Earth Exalt came this time.”

Yan Zhaoge asked curiously, “With the relationship between the Southeastern Exalt and the Brocade Emperor, why are you here on the red lotus and not up on the vessel, Senior Brother Mu?”

“Ha, do not laugh, but while the relationship between the Brocade Emperor and my Master is great, the one currently presiding over the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel is the little apprentice-sister of the Brocade Emperor, the Grand Plainness Origin Lady Tao Yu.”

Mu Jun was upfront with Yan Zhaoge as he said frankly, “Her relationship with Master is not good and her seniority is high too. I will not be going there to find trouble for myself.”

The flames of gossip were instantly ignited in Yan Zhaoge’s heart, “Oh?”

Seeing his expression, Mu Jun instantly curled his lips, “Master just once had a conflict with her. If one really wants to speak of this, it is said that she and the Brocade Emperor once seemed to…”

“Still, I am not so certain,” Mu Jun said, glancing at Yan Zhaoge, “I would advise you not to go up there. You are closer with Junior Sister Fu, Fu Ting, and the relationship between the Grand Plainness Origin Lady and Junior Sister Fu is rumoured to be somewhat disharmonious.”