Chapter 931: Seeing Him In A Different Light

HSSB931: Seeing him in a different light

Some Nongli Mountain martial practitioner was unresigned as he asked Zeng Mo to confirm this.

Mu Jun of Golden Court Mountain was an enemy of theirs as a battle would soon be occurring between them. They would definitely be unwilling to trust in his words.

The answer sent them all into deep despair.

Regardless of whether Yan Zhaoge had spared them due to the pressure exerted by the Grand Plainness Origin Lady, they had been totally helpless to resist as they had been suppressed even without getting a chance to see Yan Zhaoge’s face, losing their claims to their own lives. The dude had already long since left by the time they were finally aware of it!

Let alone Golden Court Mountain’s Mu Jun having witnessed all that from afar, with some Profound Remnant Locale martial practitioners witnessing it up close and personal, what was worse was how their argument with the young lady there had been completely overturned and trampled on by Yan Zhaoge in the blink of an eye, their faces having been stripped completely of skin and then stomped on twice for good measure!

Those of Nongli Mountain just wished that they could find a hole in the ground and crawl into it.

Guan Yuluo looked rather worriedly in the direction of the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel, asking Zeng Mo via sound transmission, “Eldest apprentice-uncle, with Young Master Yan having boarded like this, could anything happen to him?”

“No,” Zeng Mo shook his head slightly, “While this person is arrogant and overbearing, he is not someone who loses his mind to a moment of triumph. He did not just rashly ascend that vessel.”

Guan Yuluo looked curiously at Zeng Mo.

Zeng Mo said mildly, “The Brocade Emperor still calls the shots at Ingenious Flying Peak at the end of the day.”

It was true that the Grand Plainness Origin Lady Tao Yue was on bad terms with the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie as well as Fu Ting.

It was also true that her relationship with the Brocade Emperor was out of the ordinary as they were not simply disciples of the same Master.

Still, however much she was on good terms with Nongli Mountain, however arrogant and overbearing she was, a single fact still held true.

The Brocade Emperor was the Lord of Ingenious Flying Peak, one of the World beyond Worlds’ Five Emperors.

Before the Brocade Emperor had expressed a clear stance, it would really be impossible for Tao Yu to make things difficult for Yan Zhaoge.

If she could easily take care of him, she definitely would not mind helping her friend, the Western Exalt’s wife, in teaching this arrogant, impolite junior who knew not the height of the heavens and the boundlessness of the earth a lesson.

Yet, after having discovered that Yan Zhaoge was not so easy to deal with, Tao Yu naturally had to approach this with caution.

After all, she was aware that the Brocade Emperor had previously invited Yan Zhaoge and his father Yan Di to the Minor No Hatred dao arena as guests.

While she could not be certain regarding what the Brocade Emperor felt about them father and son, It would not do to take things lightly.

Moreover, the battle between the Brocade Emperor and Mars Halberd would be commencing very soon.

Tao Yu was here to help the Brocade Emperor watch over matters, not to make additional trouble.

Were it another time, another place, Tao Yu’s haughty temper would flare up as even if killing intent did not arise within her heart, she would still properly test Yan Zhaoge’s mettle.

Now, however, she was only able to tolerate things.

“This youth is really not simple,” Zeng Mo looked in the direction of the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel.

While Broad Creed Mountain where Yan Zhaoge hailed from had the name of the East Peak of Daoism, everyone knew that this was unrelated to the Five Peaks of Daoism of before the Great Calamity as they instead originated from a lower world.

While amongst the sects which had arisen from lower worlds, Broad Creed Mountain had risen to prominence at a shocking speed to stand stably in the World beyond Worlds within a few short years, in the eyes of the World beyond Worlds’ peak lineages, they were merely a minor sect.

Let alone experts on the level of Exalts, Emperors or Sovereigns, Broad Creed Mountain did not even possess a single Immortal Bridge Martial Saint.

While the likes of the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide, Shen Lingzi, Daoist Shi and King Xuancheng had died at Broad Creed Mountain, most people outside of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory believed this to be because of its Immortal Artifact as well as the Extreme Yang Seal and the Extreme Yin Crown.

While they felt curious as to how Broad Creed Mountain could wield an Immortal Artifact with such meagre strength, such strength would inevitably not last for long.

Many people saw Broad Creed Mountain as a ten-year-old child who was blatantly walking about a marketplace with treasures whose value rivalled a city in his hand.

If not for the Southeastern Exalt’s protection and still unclear attitude of the Brocade Emperor, they would long since have been snatched away long ago.

While even the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen had ordered his disciples not to have designs on the Dim Radiant Wheel, not having designs on it and not acting against Broad Creed Mountain were two different matters altogether.

If there was a chance to, he definitely would not mind destroying Broad Creed Mountain.

It was just that he would not take the Dim Radiant Wheel as he cautiously distanced himself from it.

Broad Creed Mountain also had many other good treasures too.

The Profound Remnant Locale martial practitioners did not have much of a relationship with Broad Creed Mountain at all, merely having a pretty good impression of them due to how Feng Yunsheng had saved Guan Yuluo.

However, Broad Creed Mountain still might not have carried all that much weight in their eyes.

Only after they had seen Yan Zhaoge had their original impressions gradually changed.

And having witnessed his methods, they truly saw him in a different light now.

Zeng Mo glanced towards the nearby Golden Court Mountain’s Mu Jun.

Mu Jun sensed his gaze but said nothing as he instead looked in the direction of the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel as well.

Nongli Mountain’s lineage was not any ordinary in the least.

Everyone knew that it had the Spatial Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear direct lineage’s ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures.

While it was not proficient in dealing with the Thunder of Eternal Night, these Nongli Mountain martial practitioners were all Seeing Divinity Martial Saints at the end of the day.

Mu Jun was an early Immortal Bridge Martial Saint of Golden Court Mountain’s direct lineage. However, he knew that while defeating these Nongli Mountain martial practitioners posed no difficulty for him, it would be impossible for him to capture all of them alive in one fell swoop.

Resisting, defeating, killing, capturing alive.

The difficulty of such increased greatly in ascending order.

Mu Jun even could not help but wonder how he would have fared if he had been the one facing Yan Zhaoge.

After considering this for a moment, he could not help but smile, thinking that he had best not think about this anymore.

Still, he could not help but feel somewhat dazed. How long had it been seen he had met Yan Zhaoge for the first time?

Yan Zhaoge was unconcerned with what those beneath the vessel might be thinking.

After ascending the Red Lotus Heavenly Vessel, he was guided by that Ingenious Flying Peak disciple to the boat’s cabin.

The furnishings inside were exceptionally extravagant.

Yan Zhaoge’s eyelids twitched as just scanning the area, he saw many precious treasures which were already virtually extinct in the World beyond Worlds.

That the Brocade Emperor loved living the good life was really not an exaggeration.

Still, at this moment, it was a woman who controlled this divine vessel.

She appeared to be in her twenties or thirties, the age when women most bloomed.

It was indeed a rare beauty. Still, some haughtiness could be seen between her brows.

As she was currently not smiling, she looked even more unfriendly.

“This junior Yan Zhaoge greets the Grand Plainness Origin Lady,” Yan Zhaoge said in a relaxed, composed manner.

The person before him was the Master of Ingenious Flying Peak’s Clear Spring Cave, the Grand Plainness Origin Lady Tao Yu.

Tao Yu appraised Yan Zhaoge, suddenly saying after a while, “That was not just the Thunder of Eternal Night.”

“The legacy of the Dim Radiant Sect, and probably not the Dim Radiant Scripture but the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts.”

“The Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear direct lineage’s ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures.”

“There was also another martial art. I cannot be sure, but it seemed rather like the discontinued legacy of the Dark Moon Pill Scripture that was lost following the Great Calamity.”

“Besides that…” Tao Yu frowned, “There was the concept of a supreme martial art that projects the profundities of space which was integrated within too. Otherwise, it would have been difficult to simultaneously suppress so many descendants of Nongli Mountain who cultivate in the Spatial Heavenly Scripture at once. However, there was not much of this and you also seemed to be intentionally concealing it as I was unable to discern its origins.”

Yan Zhaoge calmly met Tao Yu’s gaze, smiling after she had finished speaking, “I also integrated some profundities of the Faceless Devil Scripture within.”

Gao Yu’s gaze was heavy as she nodded slowly after a while, “The profundities of so many martial arts were not all pieced simply together as they actually vaguely showed signs of having integrated and merged together as one.”

“Yan Zhaoge, you indeed possess the qualifications to be arrogant.”