Chapter 936: Heaven Opening Scripture

HSSB936: Heaven Opening Scripture

The boundless sea of flames which had originally rampaged throughout the universe all vanished at this moment.

There was only that great crimson halberd which contained endless sharpness, transforming into a bright beam of light as it hacked down towards the Brocade Emperor.

That light was dazzlingly bright as where its glow shone, the dim space about the Brocade Emperor’s body was completely broken apart!

Grand Commencement that was formless and intangible, faceless and lawless soundlessly changed as it turned into Grand Beginning that was intangible yet possessed form.

Grand Beginning that was intangible yet possessed form now turned tangible as well, changing into the most primordial and initial Grand Plainness.

Then, the manifestation of Grand Plainness automatically split to form the manifestation of Grand Ultimate, Taiji, as yin and yang took form.

The next moment, Taiji circulated with two extremities changing as they sought to birth the four manifestations of yin and yang as well as the Eight Trigrams.

Heaven and earth-a new world seemed about to be opened before their very eyes!

It was just that with this, the Brocade Emperor’s supreme martial arts of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations actually vaguely seemed unable to be maintained any longer as they were on the verge of being broken through!

Gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw that the surface of the great crimson halberd was currently dim and blurry.

Subtle, graceful streams of qi intermingled, vaguely condensing into a single silhouette.

Enveloped by that silhouette, Mars Halberd became an object that resembled a banner whilst an axe, whilst also neither!

“Heaven Opening Banner…” Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself, “Third Scripture of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, one of the Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures, the Heaven Opening Scripture!”

Watching this from within the world of yellow earth, the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng had an expression on his face that was rather hard to grasp.

The ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures of the Jade Clear direct lineage.

Besides the Peerless Heavenly Scripture that was the head of all arts, the latter nine scriptures were divided into the Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures and the Later Heaven Six Scriptures.

There was no classification of preceding or thereafter amongst the Later Heaven Six Scriptures.

As for the Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures that closely followed the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, they had a fixed order.

The second of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Origin Heavenly Scripture, signified all things being created from nothingness, the original ‘one’.

The third of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Heaven Opening Scripture, signified the grand dao being birthed and creation being manifested, going from ‘one’ to ‘many’.

The fourth of the Primordial Heavenly Scripture, the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, represented the changes between extremities amongst the various principles of the world following its creation.

Amongst the founders of the Three Clear lineages, the Primordial Heavenly Lord represented the appearance of creation from nothingness.

The heavens and earth were split apart as earth, water, wind and fire arose, the mighty power of worldly creation of the Heaven Opening Scripture being manifested to the point of perfection.

Of martial practitioners who cultivated in the Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, those cultivating in the Heaven Opening Scripture possessed the greatest combat power in a head-on clash!

Even though the Origin Heavenly Scripture actually came before the Heaven Opening Scripture and possessed infinite profundities, it would still be hard pressed to match the peerless momentum of the Heaven Opening Scripture which could cleave through everything!

Mars Halberd’s strike shockingly had a portion of the concept of the Heaven Opening Scripture integrated within!

The Jade Clear lineage’s Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures had some commonalities with the Earlier Heaven supreme martial arts of the Grand Clear lineage, the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations.

It could be said that the Heaven Opening Scripture countered the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations of the Grand Clear lineage to some extent.

It was somewhat like how Yan Zhaoge had previously countered the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture with the Immortal Trapping Sword.

Even the Taiyi Fist of Grand Simplicity at the head of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations would lose out somewhat against the Heaven Opening Scripture. The remaining four supreme martial arts would all be countered, losing their miraculous aspects.

Only with all five of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations present and circulating in unison would they be able to resist the peerless momentum that opened the heavens.

Therefore, as Mars Halberd went all out now, there was only the Brocade Emperor’s Grand Commencement Divine Finger whose profundities were hard to block that could still barely be maintained.

The Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form and the Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body which could secure his safety amidst all tribulations that had previously not been shaken at all seemed about to fall apart now!

The Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng felt greatly emotional as he watched the battle unfolding before him.

Following the Great Calamity, the universe had shattered with Daoism hence declining greatly.

The Kunlun Nine Luminaries had congregated, viewing the Heaven Opening Scripture together and combining it with their various martial arts, each having gains of their own.

For example, the Exalted Gold Luminary who specialised in the dao of the sword had created the Illusory Jade Heaven Opening Sword while the Exalted Solar Luminary had combined this with the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture and refined the Extreme Yang Scripture as well as comprehended the Yang Extremity World Creating Scripture etcetera.

Wang Zhengcheng’s Master, the former Exalted Earth Luminary and the present Earthly Sovereign, possessed the Earthly Heaven Opening Art.

The Kunlun Nine Luminaries had joined forces and created the World beyond Worlds, with Daoism finally showing signs of resurgence.

Mars Halberd’s martial arts had the martial skills of the Exalted Fire Luminary integrated within.

As the halberd struck, he seemed about to cleave through the Earlier Heaven phenomena of the primordial Oneworld and re-establish earth, water, fire and wind, splitting apart the heavens and earth once more!

The blurry darkness was split apart by the incandescent light, and only then did boundless blazing fire reappear!

These flames were from Mars Halberd having cleaved through the Earlier Heaven phenomena manifested of the Brocade Emperor’s true essence before transforming into blazing fire, next attacking towards the Brocade Emperor himself!

As the heaven and earth were split apart, the fire of the beginning right upon worldly creation nurtured infinite vitality.

Yet, as Mars Halberd hacked outwards, boundless brutal killing intent surged as this infinite vitality instantly turned into endless destructive power!

The violent sea of flames swept the surrounding area at this moment.

The spectators collectively retreated. If they hesitated in the least, they would all perish amidst this blazing fire!

As he gazed at Mars Halberd, the Brocade Emperor did not appear panicked as he instead released a long sigh.

He struck out with another Grand Commencement Divine Finger, causing the flames that pressured down on him to halt slightly.

He promptly stopped utilising the Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body, only executing the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form.

Before the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form was dispelled by Mars Halberd, the Brocade Emperor swiftly retreated.

Beneath the effects of the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form, the definition of distance between the two seemed completely within the Brocade Emperor’s grasp as the two swiftly grew further and further apart.

Yet, Mars Halberd flickered amidst space, already having dispelled the Grand Commencement Divine Finger as he immediately caught up, arriving close to the Brocade Emperor once more. With that, the profundities of the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form could no longer be manifested.

“It is still the experienced who dominate indeed,” Mu Jun who stood beside Yan Zhaoge sighed.

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “The Lord of the Dao and Virtue existed between nothingness and creation. The great dao is all-encompassing and the potential manifestations of all creation. The recorded supreme martial arts in the Daodejing consist of both Earlier Heaven and Later Heaven martial arts.”

“If the Brocade Emperor is not versed in the Taiyi Fist at the head of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, if he has a Later Heaven supreme martial art of the Grand Clear direct lineage, Earlier Heaven and Later Heaven combining together as one, he would not be countered by the Heaven Opening Scripture like this.”

Mu Jun nodded. His Golden Court Mountain’s lineage that originated from the legacy of the Purple Tenuity Emperor ultimately originated from the Later Heaven martial arts recorded in the Daodejing.

Unlike the Jade Clear direct lineage’s ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures where the Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures were superior to the Later Heaven Six Scriptures, since the Daodejing of the Grand Clear direct lineage was the manifestation of nothingness whilst also the representation of myriad phenomena, its Later Heaven martial arts were not any inferior to its Earlier Heaven martial arts.

It was just that although Golden Court Mountain and Ingenious Flying Peak were on good terms, the Brocade Emperor and the Southeastern Exalt also being close, they were of two different lineages at the end of the day.

Still, even as he nodded in agreement, Mu Jun was also rather surprised, “You have truly surpassed my expectations again. You are actually so knowledgeable regarding the Grand Clear direct lineage, Zhaoge?”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change, “By a stroke of fortune, I obtained an incomplete version of the Taiji Yin Yang Palm. While not of Ingenious Flying Peak, it is indeed also of the Grand Clear direct lineage.”

Mu Jun recalled, “Right, Junior Sister Fu and those of Ingenious Flying Peak did mention this before. Still, I had not thought that not only are you versed in the Taiji Yin Yang Palm, you also possess such a deep understanding of the Daodejing.”

He no longer pondered on this matter as his gaze returned to the two battling True Immortals who were gradually moving further and further away amidst dark space.

“Still, if Mars Halberd does not completely have the upper hand, I still think the Brocade Emperor will win.”

Mu Jun’s expression was rather strange, “The Brocade Emperor himself possesses an Immortal Artifact too, after all.”