Chapter 942: A Disaster Of Extermination

HSSB942: A disaster of extermination

Yan Zhaoge looked at the whisk that Ah Hu was holding.

Ah Hu was also looking quizzically at it before he raised his head and looked blankly at Yan Zhaoge.

“Did the whisk shake just now?” Yan Zhaoge asked him.

Ah Hu nodded, “Yes, Young Master.”

He pointed towards the east, “Not only did the whisk shake, the white line that leads the way also shook slightly just now. Still, it recovered in an instant.”

“Something must have affected the whisk,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “It should not have been that cave manor, or the white line would have changed direction.”

Ah Hu grinned, “Young Master, could it be the other half of that whisk?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “It is possible. Still, it may not be the whisk itself. It could be some signs or clues.”

If it was the other half of the whisk, this half of the whisk in their possession should have reacted more intensely.

Yan Zhaoge pondered on this for a moment before saying, “Let us stop for a bit in this Consecutive Drum Mountain Range and look around the vicinity. We still have time to spare, and it could end up beneficial.”

The Consecutive Drum Mountain Range existed within the domain of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory just like the Royal Reed Sea, the Jade Sun Mountain Range and the Setting Sun Archipelago.

It was smaller than the Royal Reed Sea. Still, there were also some major powers active in the region as they sought to expand their influence.

Yan Zhaoge arrived in their territory and made no moves to conceal his actions. He was soon noticed by the local powers.

Still, Yan Zhaoge was not concerned about this as he instead openly established contact with them and asked for information about the place.

He could currently be considered famous within the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory as well. Also, he was just passing by as he did not intend to stay for long.

Considering Yan Zhaoge’s fame and close relationship with Golden Court Mountain, the powers of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range were happy to interact with him, forging a good relationship.

Some might be desirous of Yan Zhaoge’s many treasures. Still, they had to know their own abilities.

Those elsewhere in the World beyond Worlds without any personal experience might underestimate Yan Zhaoge who was still in the Seeing Divinity Martial Saint realm to some extent.

However, there were much fewer of such people in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

In the case of these people, Broad Creed Mountain’s initial fame had been won by this youth.

He definitely could not be underestimated because of his age and cultivation base.

As most people saw it, an Immortal Artifact like the Dim Radiant Wheel should logically be kept at Broad Creed Mountain rather than remaining with Yan Zhaoge even as he roamed around outside.

This being the case, however courageous one was, they would still believe that it was not worth it.

It would naturally be faster for local powers to obtain news than outsiders like Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu who had only just arrived at the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range.

Soon, information came.

Sorting through the information, one thing attracted Yan Zhaoges’s attention.

Not long before he had reached the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range, a disaster of extermination had befallen a lineage here.

It was the Xia Family from the southern forests of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range which had been destroyed. It was also known as the Listening Thunder Peak’s Xia Family.

The Listening Thunder Peak’s Xia Family was not a local power of the World beyond Worlds as it originated from a lower world like Broad Creed Mountain and the Heavy Sun Sect of the Floating Gate World.

The Xia Family Head had originally been a solitary practitioner from a lower world who was devoted to the martial dao, having aspired towards greater heights.

He had not been satisfied in touring the various mountains of that lower world. He had continued to cultivate, ultimately having successfully broken through space to see Divinity.

After attaining the Seeing Divinity Martial Saint realm, the Xia Family Head had ascended to the new heavens and earth that were the World beyond Worlds and finally made this place his home.

Afterwards, he had married an Elder of some major power in the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range and ultimately established the foundation of the Listening Thunder Peak’s Xia Family with the help of that major power.

Presently, he already had a few generations of descendants.

Still, some couple of years back, the backer of the Listening Thunder Peak’s Xia Family had fallen in a power struggle amongst some major powers of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Peak.

The Xia Family had suffered many casualties as well, the first generation Family Head included. The Xia Family had deteriorated thereafter.

Afterwards, the Xia Family had tried to obtain a new backer. Still, before they could do so, a new tribulation had arrived.

This tribulation had exterminated them for good.

The power that had exterminated the Xia Family was known as Three Foot Mountain. It was not a local power of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range, instead being active in the Green Peak High Plains that neighboured the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range.

Just like the current Yan Zhaoge, they were foreign to this land.

When powers of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range had asked about this, Three Foot Mountain had said that disciples of the Xia Family had slain their disciples, with them exacting vengeance as a result. Three Foot Mountain had no intention of invading the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range.

In truth, they had indeed left immediately after exterminating the Xia Family, not having interfered in other matters or bothered other people of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range at all.

As there was great internal conflict in the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range, they presently had no intention of pursuing this matter.

Still, Yan Zhaoge noted how Three Foot Mountain had headed east after taking down the Xia Family.

Yet, the Green Peak High Plains were located to the north of the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range.

Heading east, they would be travelling in the direction of the Wilderness Sea.

“Green Peak High Plains, Three Foot Mountain?” Yan Zhaoge noted, yet outwardly showed nothing.

He had vaguely heard of Three Foot Mountain before, with this power being somewhat unique in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

Its situation was somewhat similar to the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s, yet not completely the same.

There were also other experts behind Three Foot Mountain. Still, this was not like the domineering manner of the Grand Xuan Dynasty who had directly entered and settled down in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

Instead, some expert had once casually dished out some pointers when passing by the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, causing Three Foot Mountain to turn from a relatively ordinary sect to a major power of the Green Peak High Plains, becoming rather famous throughout the entire southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

Still, on the whole, Three Foot Mountain who had always been located within the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory since ancient times was still different from the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Golden Court Mountain was also not so wary of Three Foot Mountain like they had been the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Yan Zhaoge nonchalantly passed Listening Thunder Peak. He did not linger, just normally walking by.

As they were passing by Listening Thunder Peak, that broken whisk shook slightly before regaining its normalcy.

Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu exchanged looks, both being certain of things now.

“Young Master, it looks like the other half of the whisk was originally at this Listening Thunder Peak’s Xia Family,” Ah Hu said, “It is just that Three Foot Mountain of the Green Peak High Plains somehow learnt of this and hence exterminated their Xia Family, stealing the whisk.”

“They headed east, likely hurrying to the Wilderness Sea for the opening of the cave manor there.”

The reason traces of it had been left behind here at Listening Thunder Peak might be that the Xia Family usually nourished and refined that half-whisk.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Yes, that’s probably it.”

The two spoke no further as they got on Pan-Pan’s back, continuing east.

While Yan Zhaoge had not asked about the matters between Three Foot Mountain and the Xia Family, with two consecutive groups of outsiders having gone east from the Consecutive Drum Mountain Range, this still attracted the attention of the local powers.

Yan Zhaoge did not mind this whatsoever. He was more concerned with the Wilderness Sea that lay to the east.