Chapter 971: Let This Yan See How Many Heroic Figures There Are Here!

HSSB971: Let this Yan see how many heroic figures there are here!

After clapping those people who blocked his path dead, hearing Ah Hu’s query now, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “He can stay calm, being a person who can remain stable and weigh the importance of matters. This is because there are experts of the southeast guarding over their borders too.”

The Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen was far away in the central Jun Heaven Territory and unable to receive news as he would not be able to return easily.

To be safe, Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope had dispatched a longtime Elder here, this being the ‘Treasured Branch Suppressing Peak’ Zhang Shuren who was renowned for his caution.

If he were to take the initiative to look for Yan Zhaoge now and the southeast found a flaw in their defences, they might directly charge into the southern Blazing Heaven Territory then.

If Yan Zhaoge were to coordinate with them from within, the defences of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory at their border would directly collapse.

Zhang Shuren was staying stable and making no move now, facing all possible variations with an unchanging stance. While this might appear conservative and weak-looking, it would prevent any potentially grave mistakes from occurring for sure.

As he guarded the border, wherever Yan Zhaoge was, he would have to collide with him sooner or later if he wished to return to the southeast.

Not just the south and southeast, the borders of the nine Territories of the World beyond Worlds were actually all very long, so long that ordinary people would be hard pressed to even imagine it.

Still, numerous obstacles existed between two different Territories. Let alone normal people, even Martial Saint experts would be hard pressed to pass through them.

There were only those mere few locations through which people could go from one side to another.

Between the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory and the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, there was a place where access was convenient lying between the Royal Reed Sea of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory and the Circumference Mountain of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

While the border was still very long, Zhang Shuren of the ninth level of the Martial Saint realm was enough to look after it.

Wherever Yan Zhaoge went, he would still be in time to intercept him.

While blocking Yan Zhaoge’s path, he would also block the martial practitioners of the southeast from entering the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

When Peng He and the rest arrived, Yan Zhaoge would be completely trapped. At the same time, there would still be no problem in him continuing to keep the experts of the southeast at bay.

“I heard that this old man is a stubborn person who gives many headaches at Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope and the southern Blazing Heaven Territory,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Still, I never intended to avoid him in the first place.”

Now, Yan Zhaoge patted Pan-Pan’s head. Pan-Pan yawned lazily, brandishing his claws and continuing to advance within the sky.

As they travelled, the scenes up ahead changed.

The silhouette of a large mountain gradually appeared in the distant horizon.

Heading forward, the originally flat plains soon became uneven land and rugged peaks.

Yan Zhaoge knew that he had reached the Announcing Peace Mountain Range in the east of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

Leaving the Broad Dong Mound Plains and entering the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, next passing through it, one would have arrived at Circumference Mountain at the easternmost part of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory that led straight to the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

The Announcing Peace Mountain Range was similarly extremely vast. While slightly smaller than the Endless Mountain Range, it was not inferior in size to the Royal Reed Sea or Setting Sun Archipelago of the southeast.

In terms of size, the Announcing Peace Mountain Range even surpassed lower worlds like the Eight Extremities World and the Floating Life World.

It had even more dangerous terrain than the Endless Mountain Range.

To ordinary people, the environment here was bad and not well suited for living. Few people had been living in the area ever since time immemorial.

Still, there had gradually been experts of the martial dao who had established their lineages here which had gradually come to thrive.

Mighty powers had unceasingly modified the local terrain to enhance their development. More people had come here to live, gradually filling this perilous Announcing Peace Mountain Range.

Still, there were only more people at the areas close to where powerful martial lineages lived.

Elsewhere, there were still just lofty mountains and perilous precipices were few could be found.

In the Royal Reed Sea, people had mostly settled down on large isles or small continents. Still, more of it was composed of the sea where people were unable to live.

The numerous perilous mountains of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range were actually not that much different from the great sea.

There was an old adage: Meagre mountains and vicious waters produce unreasonable citizens.

First not mentioning if this was too much, it was true that the more terrible the conditions were somewhere, the easier it was for courageous, vicious people to be produced.

As soon as trouble was caused, they would hide inside the mountains and it would be very difficult for their foes to find them.

Zhang Shuren of Wutong Slope had not sent people to capture Yan Zhaoge because of the southeast, and also because the local environment of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range was too complex.

In theory, this could be the most suitable place for Yan Zhaoge to hide himself throughout the entire southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

If he went inside and hid, even ninth level Martial Saints would be hard pressed to locate him within.

Still, in that case, as he was surrounded here and more and more experts of the south gathered, it would become increasingly difficult for him to leave the Announcing Peace Mountain Range.

According to the guesses of those of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, Yan Zhaoge most likely wished to hide in the Announcing Peace Mountain Range and wait for a chance to act.

When experts of the southeast were rampantly attacking Circumference Mountain, Yan Zhaoge would make use of that chance to rush out of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, receiving assistance from them in fleeing back to the southeast.

As such, the experts of the south were trying to think up countermeasures for this.

Not long after Yan Zhaoge entered the Announcing Peace Mountain Range and intercepted a local martial practitioner, he learnt a piece of news from him.

“The peak experts of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range have organised an alliance meet at the main peak at the north, Vast Spirit Mountain, coming together to discuss countermeasures against me?” Yan Zhaoge looked amusedly at that martial practitioner of the south, “Peak experts from not just the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, but also other places surrounding it will all be coming?”

While Zhang Shuren had not left Circumference Mountain, many other experts of the south were enraged by Yan Zhaoge’s actions as they wished to teach this arrogant junior of the southeast a lesson.

Many experts from the surroundings of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, Circumference Mountain included, wished to attend the alliance meet at Vast Spirit Mountain after which they would move to surround and attack Yan Zhaoge together.

Zhang Shuren had given this his tacit permission.

His job was mainly still to block the experts of the southeast on the other side of the border.

If the volatile internal factor that was Yan Zhaoge could be removed from the equation, Zhang Shuren would naturally be happy to see it happen.

That martial practitioner of the south said with a severe look on his face, “Surnamed Yan, do not be arrogant. While the geography of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range is complex, many past generations of ancestors have built up a flourishing infrastructure here over countless years.”

“Even people from elsewhere in the southern Blazing Heaven Territory would not be able to navigate after entering the mountain. Yet, we would be completely certain of our bearings.”

“As long as all the sects move together, spreading out a net, we will be able to find you very quickly!”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, smiling, “Why make it so troublesome?”

That martial practitioner of the south was bemused.

“Since you are a local of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, you should definitely be the clearest on how to get to the main peak at the north, this Vast Spirit Mountain?”

The other party instantly looked like he had bitten his tongue, “You…what are you intending?”

“Why does it have to be so troublesome, you people searching for me?” Yan Zhaoge asked nonchalantly, “Lead the way. This Yan will simply make a trip to this Vast Spirit Mountain.”

That martial practitioner of the south was dumbfounded, “…Are you nuts?!”

“I should be thanking you lot for saving me the trouble,” Yan Zhaoge laughed loudly, “From the Endless Mountain Range up to this point, it has been rather boring. Now, let me see how many heroic figures there are here.”