Chapter 976: What Difference Does It Make If You All Attack Together?

HSSB976: What difference does it make if you all attack together?

Where Daoist East Spring’s hands moved, his true essence manifested as golden diagrams of the Eight Trigrams which surfaced on his palms.

The two diagrams of the Eight Trigrams pressured down towards Yan Zhaoge simultaneously with space distorting where they intersected.

All things in creation were distorted and thus extinguished, yet soon experienced a new change as they seemed to become infinite and endless.

Amidst destruction and creation, great power was born which surged over towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge did not even look at it as he raised a palm that enveloped the sky, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal mightily descending.

At this point in time, Yan Zhaoge had already long since ceased concealing the profound characteristics of the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture with those of the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm.

Beneath his palm, the most orthodox Cyclic Heavenly Seal of the Jade Clear lineage could be seen.

The force of the collision sent Daoist East Spring flying backwards in retreat.

Seeing this, Daoist East Spring changed his palm technique.

Besides its vigorous force, the Eight Trigrams Encapsulating Heaven Palm was also renowned for the intricacies of its variations in technique.

He closed his palms in a circle in a hugging action before his chest as the two Eight Trigrams diagrams merged completely into a whole, transforming into a bigger Eight Trigrams diagram.

Sixty-four phenomena were simultaneously manifested at this moment, circulating amidst space.

Even Yan Zhaoge could sense that his powerful Cyclic Heavenly Seal seemed about to be guided in another direction, no longer descending upon Daoist East Spring.

While the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture stably surpassed the Eight Trigrams Crouching Dragon Scripture and the Eight Trigrams Encapsulating Heaven Palm, the difference in their cultivation bases was after all, great.

If it were any other late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint who was executing the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, their power would be diminished and dispelled by Daoist East Spring too.

Seeing this, however, Yan Zhaoge simply chuckled.

As he struck out with his palm, the profundities of the Taiji Yin Yang Palm were integrated within even as he executed the Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

Yin and yang circulated, all things returning to an illusory state.

The golden Eight Trigrams diagram formed of Daoist East Spring’s true essence instantly collapsed towards its centre.

The Eight Trigrams formed four phenomena which returned to the primordial state of yin and yang before being devoured and absorbed into the Taiji diagram on Yan Zhaoge’s palm all at once.

A vacuum was directly formed beneath Yan Zhaoge’s palm which locked Daoist East Spring in place, forcing him to forcibly receive this palm!

Daoist East Spring’s expression changed greatly. Yet, he was unable to avoid it as he could only turn his palm into a fist.

While he wished to execute Yan Zhaoge right there and then, he dared not underestimate him in the least.

He had originally intended to battle Yan Zhaoge with the Eight Trigrams Encapsulating Heaven Palm which was known for its intricate variations, thus sounding out his strength.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge was ferocious beyond his imagination as he was hard pressed to withstand even that first move!

A helpless Daoist East Spring dared not hold anything back as he immediately switched to the Crouching Dragon Vast Spirit Palm that was better for head-on clashes.

Daoist East Spring was filled with killing intent as he crouched slightly before abruptly erupting with strength, punching out towards Yan Zhaoge.

His title, ‘Crouching Dragon Old Man’, originated from this very martial art, the Crouching Dragon Vast Spirit Fist.

As his title used the word dragon, an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint of the dragon race had once come looking for trouble at Vast Spirit Mountain. In the end, however, he had been unable to contend with the might of the crouching dragon.

An incomparably domineering punch was released which caused the minds of all to waver somewhat.

It was as if the lofty, precipitous Vast Spirit Mountain that they stood on had been guided by this fist of Daoist East Spring’s, transforming into a long awl which struck towards the centre of Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

The heavens and earth shook as not just Vast Spirit Mountain, but the surrounding mountains as well all circulated simultaneously at this moment, rising from the ground and descending like a thunderstorm as they enveloped the heavens and covered the earth.

The Announcing Peace Mountain Range seemed to have come alive at this moment as it surged in reverse into the sky before smashing downwards.

“Indeed the full legacy,” Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change as he executed the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, instantly suppressing the changes in the heavens and earth before him.

The numerous mountains which had surged in reverse up into the sky regained their original look.

Chaos vaguely appeared within the Taiji diagram at the centre of his palm, extinguishing light and darkness as a ferocious, violent Great Shattering Brightness Palm descended, completely sending Daoist East Spring flying!

A lofty mid Immortal Bridge Martial Saint expert was directly left vomiting blood and flying upon only a mere few exchanges.

Amidst his shock, Daoist East Spring did not lose his calm.

While he had been injured by Yan Zhaoge, he made use of the force of the collision to retreat at a greater speed, wanting to increase the distance between them so that he could regain his footing.

Who knew that Yan Zhaoge would actually seem like his qi returning speed was virtually negligible.

After that violent punch which seemed able to destroy the heavens and extinguish the earth, not a second passed before Yan Zhaoge immediately arrived behind Daoist East Spring, striking out with another palm!

Daoist East Spring was rendered dumbstruck as he hurriedly took out his sect’s high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Dragontail Whip.

The tip of the massive black whip of iron resembled the tail of a dragon as it was divided into twenty segments, each being jet-black with sigils inscribed on them as they were filled with a baleful air.

Yet, before he could wield the power within, a dark green bamboo cane appeared in Yan Zhaoge’s hand before he struck down at the Dragontail Whip with it.

No feeling of power could be sensed from that bamboo cane as it also did not contain abundant spiritual qi.

It was as if Yan Zhaoge had randomly snapped it off from a bamboo shoot while on the way here.

Daoist East Spring felt bemused at Yan Zhaoge having suddenly taken out such a random object out of the blue while they were in the midst of an intense battle.

Then, he noticed to his great shock that after that ordinary bamboo cane had touched the Dragontail Whip, it did not snap as it was perfectly undamaged.

Instead, the dense baleful qi about his high-grade Sacred Artifact was instantly dispersed after being struck by that bamboo cane as its strength was greatly diminished!

Those of Vast Spirit Mountain were all rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied.

The local martial practitioners of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range were all rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied.

A shocked look appeared on the face of the usually composed Chief of the Purple Tide Sword Sect, Zhao Zhen, as doubt and uncertainty filled his gaze.

The pupils of Wutong Slope’s Yuan Xiancheng dilated abruptly, “The information transmitted by the Heaven Emperor’s lineage was true! Still, what exactly is that?”

The spectators were shocked. Still, Daoist East Spring himself had no time to think about all this.

Since the Dragontail Whip could not reliably be used, he would have to face Yan Zhaoge’s palm which was crushing down upon him like the sky all on his own!

Treasured light shot into the skies about the entire Vast Spirit Mountain as the guardian grand formation circulated intensely like it never had before.

A huge golden Eight Trigrams diagram appeared right above the mountain, enveloping its peak.

Yet, a great golden sun hung high above Yan Zhaoge’s head, the golden Eight Trigrams diagram losing all colour where the blazing sunlight passed.

Yan Zhaoge continued striking down with a palm towards the top of Daoist East Spring’s head.

“Remarkable!” Seeing this, the Purple Tide Swordsman Zhao Zhen shook his head, guiding his sword as a streak of purple light flew from the mountain.

The sword-light appeared, enveloping the heavens and covering the earth as it shot down towards Yan Zhaoge.

Streaks of purple sword-qi resembled waves of the sea which enveloped the heavens and covered the earth as they were boundless and without end, seemingly being infinite.

Where the sword-qi passed, it directly took up residence within the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, enveloping the numerous peaks surrounding Vast Spirit Mountain as it turned the endless peaks into an endless purple sea.

Yan Zhaoge laughed loudly, “What difference does it make if you all attack together?”

Amidst his laughter, Yan Zhaoge did not cease striking towards Daoist East Spring with a palm as a bright sword-light flew out from his other hand, whistling to intercept Zhao Zhen’s dense sword-qi.

That sword-light resembled an endless river of time as it mightily split the purple sea at its centre.

A sword had appeared in Yan Zhaoge’s hand, this being a high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword.

The sword-light shot agilely through the dense purple ocean of sword-qi.

A streak of deep purple sword-light made a shocking appearance within the dense purple ocean of sword-qi, colliding with the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword.

That sword-light originated from a sword that Zhao Zhen held whose quality was no inferior to that of the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword in the least. It was the defining treasure of the Purple Tide Sword Sect, the Purple Sea Sword.

Zhao Zhen brandished his sword mightily, attacking towards Yan Zhaoge amidst its variations.

Yan Zhaoge flicked his wrist, the Cloud Transforming Heavenly Light Sword transforming into an azure dragon which soared within the purple sea.

The next moment, however, boundless baleful qi arose!

Countless sharp glows flickered within the azure dragon’s body that was formed of sword-qi, breaking out from within!

Blood erupted from the body of the azure dragon, the might of dragon slaying forming a boundless air of balefulness and killing intent which cleaved straight through the purple sea as well!