Chapter 980: Fearsome And Domineering

HSSB980: Fearsome and domineering

“That’s right,” Being a Chief of a sect at the end of the day, that old man surnamed Wang ultimately straightened his body and replied, “Yuan Zhengfeng is an enemy of my Stranger Mountain Sect. This old man only wishes it was him who came to the Announcing Peace Mountain Range this time…”

While he had spoken very righteously, this Chief Wang was retreating even as he spoke.

Still, before his words had fallen, Yan Zhaoge had already arrived before him with a ‘whoosh’, “With a senior having sowed enmity, a disciple must follow up on it on his behalf. I will bear this enmity for my Grand Master.”

With that, he directly struck out with a palm, smashing the crown of Chief Wang’s head into smithereens!

The expressions of the martial practitioners of the south present all changed now.

The environment of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range was harsh as the martial practitioners here were all tough people.

Everyone present was a domineering, vicious figure in their own domains, arrogant and untamed.

At this moment, however, all of them felt fear, having seen someone who was even more vicious and fearsome than all of them added together!

They had come here merely to give Wutong Slope face.

Still, even Wutong Slope could not make them sacrifice their lives knowing they would surely die.

Vast Spirit Mountain which was the owner of this place looked like it was about to be decimated!

As Yan Zhaoge moved, it was difficult to keep track of him as after slaying the Chief of the Stranger Mountain Sect with a palm, his figure immediately flashed over to the side.

With the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, he had already arrived before Chief Zhao Zhen of the Purple Tide Sword Sect.

The brutal Slaying Azure Dragon forcibly broke through the purple sea of sword-qi.

Zhao Zhen was unable to retreat as his Purple Sea Sword drew a few arcs in mid-air.

The dense purple sword-qi became layered now, resembling numerous layered worlds.

Each world resembled the heavens and earth of the Vast Ocean World as all around was an endless ocean, a vast jade sea.

He sought to focus solely on defence and dwindle down Yan Zhaoge’s sword, delaying him.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge’s Slaying Azure Dragon was not moving as straightforwardly as that as the intricacies and variations within were no inferior to those of Zhao Zhen’s sword arts.

The vicious purplish-red sword glow seemed bright and resplendent yet was also filled with an aura of destruction.

The sword-light penetrated through the numerous worlds, stabbing towards Zhao Zhen.

As Zhao Zhen blocked it, the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword instantly hacked out a groove on the blade of his Purple Sea Sword!

An Immortal Bridge Martial Saint would be able to wield the full power of high-grade Sacred Artifacts. If martial arts and weapon were compatible, their power would even be boosted.

As the defining treasure of the Purple Tide Sword Sect, the Purple Sea Sword was definitely compatible with Zhao Zhen’s Purple Sea Sword Arts.

In contrast, however powerful Yan Zhaoge, a Seeing Divinity Martial Saint, was, it would still be difficult for him to exert the full power of high-grade Sacred Artifacts.

At this moment, however, it was indeed Zhao Zhen’s Purple Sea Sword which had nearly been cleaved apart by the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword!

The quality of the Purple Sea Sword and the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword were similar.

It was not that the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword was more powerful than the Purple Sea Sword. Instead, it was that Yan Zhaoge was more powerful than Zhao Zhen!

Suppressing the extremities of yin and yang with his qi and treading atop the Eight Trigrams, Yan Zhaoge’s movements did not cease in the slightest as he did not pursue Zhao Zhen after repelling him, instead arriving before Yuan Xiancheng once more.

Seeing this, Yuan Xiancheng intercrossed his palms, transforming into a fiery phoenix and soaring into the skies to avoid Yan Zhaoge’s sword.

This head disciple of Wutong Slope of the mid Immortal Bridge Martial Saint actually adopted a kiting method against Yan Zhaoge of the Seeing Divinity stage.

“Oh?” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered as he raised his sword and stabbed out once more.

At the same time, the great sun illuminated the world above his head as the tyrannical Extreme Yang Seal transformed into the actual blazing sun, descending towards Yuan Xiancheng as well.

Pincered by the two attacks, Yuan Xiancheng felt helpless as a feathered fan appeared in his hands.

The fan was composed of five-coloured phoenix feathers which surged with radiance. Its outer perimeter was sharp as blades as Yuan Xiancheng brandished it to block Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

This was Yuan Xiancheng’s accompanying weapon, a high-grade Sacred Artifact known as the Five Phoenix Fan.

Having personally witnessed the miraculous aspects of Yan Zhaoge’s dark green bamboo cane, Yuan Xiancheng had not wished to use this treasure.

Still, as Yan Zhaoge was so fearsome beyond imagination, Yuan Xiancheng did not have the leisure to worry about so much now.

Still, what happened next left Yuan Xiancheng feeling extremely despondent.

Right after he displayed the Five Phoenix Fan, a dark green bamboo cane appeared in Yan Zhaoge’s hand.

A smacking sound resounded as the radiance on the surface of the feathered fan instantly dimmed.

After taking a few more blows, the phoenix feathers were nearly all disconnected from one another, scattering haphazardly to the ground.

Zhao Zhen had originally been about to reinforce him, their fates being inexorably linked. However, on seeing this scene, his footsteps involuntarily slowed.

He unconsciously looked at the Purple Sea Sword in his hand, feeling hesitant as he saw the groove hacked out on it.

Based on the miraculous aspects of that dark green bamboo cane and the current damaged state of the Purple Sea Sword, Zhao Zhen suspected that if the two collided, the Purple Sea Sword might be broken directly into half just like that.

The Purple Sea Sword was not just his personal sword but also the supreme treasure of the Purple Tide Sword Sect. He was already feeling greatly pained at how it was damaged. What was he to do if it was broken here?

“Brother Yuan, the Yan brat is too ferocious, and we are unable to match him. We should retreat and guard over Circumference Mountain. So long as he is blocked within the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, he will definitely be taken down sooner or later,” Zhao Zhen sighed, sending to Yuan Xiancheng via sound transmission as he kept the Purple Sea Sword.

He tapped out lightly, substituting sword with finger as he sent the purple sea of sword-qi to attack Yan Zhaoge’s neck from behind, attempting to rescue Yuan Xiancheng from his predicament.

Yan Zhaoge turned and retracted his sword, seemingly about to block Zhao Zhen’s attack.

Who knew that he would abruptly suck in a deep breath, the acupoints of his entire body pulsing as a blurry radiance surfaced.

Enveloped by that radiance, the surrounding space and time seemed to slow down.

Even the movements of Zhao Zhen and Yuan Xiancheng slowed as well.

In the meantime, Yan Zhaoge himself was accelerated!

As soon as the blurry radiance appeared, Yuan Xiancheng sensed danger as he quickly attempted to retreat.

Yet, with the greater difference in their relative speeds, Yan Zhaoge had already arrived close to him.

The dark green bamboo cane descended as the Five Phoenix Fan was hard pressed to withstand it.

As the Extreme Yang Seal mightily descended, Yuan Xiancheng was bolstered by four Virtues as he forcibly withstood this blow that seemed able to destroy the heavens and extinguish the earth.

Now, however, wielding the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, Yan Zhaoge hacked down with a Slaying Azure Dragon!

Yuan Xiancheng emitted a muffled groan as blood stained the air!

However great his defensive power, it would still not be enough for him to simultaneously withstand Yan Zhaoge’s Slaying Azure Dragon from a high-grade Sacred Artifact and an attack with the Extreme Yang Seal.

With the powerful life force of the phoenix, even if his protective true essence was broken through, he might not die even being struck by a sword if it was just an ordinary attack.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge’s Slaying Azure Dragon that slaughtered all lifeforms and extinguished all vitality mightily slew Yuan Xiancheng once more!

Only now did Zhao Zhen’s sword-qi arrive behind Yan Zhaoge.

“Go!” Yan Zhaoge exclaimed, remaining with his back to Zhao Zhen as the sword in his hand unceasingly destroyed Yuan Xiancheng’s vitality.

Meanwhile, a five-coloured glow flickered about his torso.

Five divinities seemed to have awoken about his five major internal organs, with the five elements circulating as a powerful life force and defensive power appeared.

Executing the Five Elements Deific Immortal Body, Yan Zhaoge directly took a sword of Zhao Zhen’s!

Only after mightily slaying Yuan Xiancheng did Yan Zhaoge draw out his sword and turn, his body next transforming into a streak of light as he shot over towards Zhao Zhen.

Seeing this, Zhao Zhen raised his head towards the heavens and sighed as he immediately turned and fled.

This mighty sword cultivator of the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm dared not battle with Yan Zhaoge any longer!