Chapter 988: Destined To Become A Legend

HSSB988: Destined to become a legend

Currently, the ‘Blazing King’ Peng He, a famed bigwig of the lineage of Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope, was feeling extremely stifled.

They had headed north all the way to the Region of Thousand Lakes before discovering that Yan Zhaoge had actually not intended to return via the central Jun Heaven Territory in the first place. Instead, he had headed straight east.

Peng He felt as though he had sent a punch into thin air, having been made a fool out of.

However, what he heard as he headed all the way east had all been shocking news.

Many powers were located between the Endless Mountain Range and this place with numerous renowned experts of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory to be found there.

However, not one of them had been able to block Yan Zhaoge’s footsteps.

That youth who came from the southeast was like an unstoppable beast as he rampaged all the way through the lands of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

When Peng He arrived where the Broad Dong Mound Plains and the Announcing Peace Mountain Range bordered each other, the news transmitted over from the Announcing Peace Mountain Range left him dazed and speechless.

Nearly all the peak experts of the Announcing Peace Mountain Range had gathered for an alliance.

Even experts of regions around the Announcing Peace Mountain Range had rushed over as well.

All of them had gathered aiming to locate and take down Yan Zhaoge together.

Who knew that Yan Zhaoge would actually ascend Vast Spirit Mountain on his own accord.

In the end, the alliance meet had turned completely into a joke as the hosts, Vast Spirit Mountain, had been virtually decimated.

The most outstanding disciple of Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope, ‘Phoenix Pupils’ Yuan Xiancheng, had been forced into two successive nirvanic rebirths by Yan Zhaoge.

Even their Elder who guarded the eastern region of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, Zhang Shuren, had faced a grand defeat, having only been able to scramble back east.

As they learnt of this, all those Wutong Slope martial practitioners who were led by Peng He were rendered dazed on the spot.

Who was Zhang Shuren?

A longtime Elder of Wutong Slope and a late Immortal Bridge Martial Saint expert.

Peng He’s cultivation base was really on a similar level to Zhang Shuren’s.

Yet, Zhang Shuren had actually been beaten into fleeing by Yan Zhaoge, after which he had been murderously pursued throughout?

There had also been other experts with Zhang Shuren, such as Yuan Xiancheng, Zhao Zhen and Daoist East Spring.

“Immortal Artifact? This was the first thought that crossed Peng He’s mind.

Still, as they traversed the Announcing Peace Mountain Range, finding a fortunate survivor of the event then and asking about the situation, everyone was rendered speechless yet again.

Peng He included, the moods of the martial practitioners of Wutong Slope all turned complex now.

Because of how Zhang Chaohui’s group had gone to the Daoist temple, Peng He and the others had actually already not dared to underestimate Yan Zhaoge any longer.

Now, however, they discovered that things were still not as they had thought.

Even Qing Shuzi and Daoist Leading Mist who had come along with them exchanged looks as both could see the surprise within the eyes of the other.

While they did not like Yan Zhaoge, they had still possessed a general estimate of his abilities.

After all, Shen Lingzi, King Xuancheng and Daoist Shi had all been slain in the great battle with Broad Creed Mountain in the Royal Reed Sea that year.

There had also been a Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge’s strength still surpassed their predictions.

This was especially so when there was no trace of him having used the Immortal Artifact thus far!

“Even considering the Extreme Yang Seal and the other high-grade Sacred Artifacts, for a sixth level Martial Saint to possess such battle prowess…” The green-robed Qing Shuzi had a rare solemn look on his face.

As the head disciple of the Heaven Emperor, he was an almighty genius blessed by the heavens as his strength surpassed that of Peng He and Zhang Shuren.

Still, he and Zhang Shuren were both ninth level Martial Saints at the end of the day.

It would be totally impossible for him to battle Zhang Shuren as a late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint.

At the end of the day, having been able to attain the late Immortal Bridge Martial Saint realm that was just below the Human Exalt stage, Zhang Shuren too was a genius amongst geniuses amongst martial practitioners of the same generation. He would easily have been able to battle one against many when at the Merging Avatar stage, even the Seeing Divinity stage in the past.

Qing Shuzi was younger and more powerful than Zhang Shuren. Still, even with a few high-grade Sacred Artifacts in hand, he knew even he would not have been able to defeat Zhang Shuren of the ninth level of the Martial Saint realm as a sixth level Martial Saint.

He did not fear battling with the current Yan Zhaoge, being more disturbed by the potential that was displayed by him.

Daoist Leading Mist’s expression was rather more solemn as he spoke not a word.

They dared not tarry as they hurried east to Circumference Mountain.

While Circumference Mountain was advantageous for Zhang Shuren with the formation there, Peng He and the others were feeling somewhat unconfident now.

Besides Yan Zhaoge, a threat posed by experts of the southeast also existed around Circumference Mountain where the two Territories intersected.

When they arrived at the border area and saw the Wutong forest which obscured the heavens and concealed the sun, only then were they able to heave a sigh of relief.

Seeing Zhang Shuren and Yuan Xiancheng, they finally grasped all the details of the earlier battle at Vast Spirit Mountain.

Upon their arrival, the tense Zhang Shuren and Yuan Xiancheng were finally able to feel reassured.

Regardless of anything else, Yan Zhaoge would not be able to stir up any more big waves this time.

“We have made a fool of ourselves, fellow Daoists of Illusory Coming Peak,” Zhang Shuren sighed, “Not that this old man pushes away his responsibilities-that Yan Zhaoge was indeed extraordinary.”

Kunlun Mountain’s Illusory Coming Peak was where the Heaven Emperor’s dao arena was located.

Hearing his words, Qing Shuzi and Daoist Leading Mist both replied, “No need to say so, Mister Zhang. We too know that that Yan Zhaoge is unordinary.”

Zhang Shuren said, “While this old man just wishes that he could be reduced to ash on the spot, this junior from a lower world can be considered a young genius of the World beyond Worlds, much like a fallen deity.”

“If he does not die today, he is destined to become a legend in the future!”

He paused for a moment before saying, “Actually, he can already be considered a legend now.”

“Let us personally bury this legend this time then,” Peng He said coldly, “If it were anyone else, this old man would praise them for their youthful vigour. Still, the more outstanding this Yan Zhaoge is, the more he deserves to die. We definitely cannot allow him to leave the south alive!”

Zhang Shuren did not say it out loud in front of Qing Shuzi and Daoist Leading Mist as he instead notified Peng He via transmission.

At this moment, Peng He already knew that his worst worries from earlier had been proven true.

Zhang Chaohui and the others had been slain by Yan Zhaoge.

There was no longer any room left for reconciliation between Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope and Yan Zhaoge.

First not speaking of how the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen might think, as Zhuang Chaohui’s father-in-law, seeing how his daughter was now a widow, Peng He himself would definitely not let things go just like that.

“Since we have come, we will definitely not sit by and do nothing,” Qing Shuzi said mildly, “That is, if you of Wutong Slope do not find us bothersome.”

Peng He and Zhang Shuren exchanged glances before shaking their heads in unison, “Of course not. We could not be more grateful that you fellow Daoists are willing to help.”

However much they hated Yan Zhaoge, Peng He and Zhang Shuren still acknowledged his mighty strength.

Just the two of them alone would only be able to stably guard Circumference Mountain at most, blocking Yan Zhaoge’s path back to the southeast.

They still lacked sufficient strength to capture or slay Yan Zhaoge unless he clashed head-on with their Wutong Phoenix Perching Formation uncompromisingly, not retreating unless he saw victory.

Even so, many would probably perish in the process of trying to kill Yan Zhaoge.

If Qing Shuzi were willing to participate in the battle, things would be completely different.

These were three mighty ninth level Martial Saints, each of whom was acclaimed for their strength beneath the Human Exalt realm within the entire World beyond Worlds.

“Now, we have to think about where exactly that Yan Zhaoge might have gone. This old man agrees with senior apprentice-brother Zhang’s analysis. With his arrogance, he would not have given up and left so easily,” Peng He said.

Zhang Shuren knit his brows, “There is something, regarding the Dynasty River that passes through this land…”

Now, Zhang Shuren’s expression suddenly changed abruptly as he turned and gazed into the distance.

There, a dark yellow light of water suddenly suffused the horizon!