Chapter 999: Broad Creed Mountain’S Immortal Bridge Martial Saint

HSSB999: Broad Creed Mountain’s Immortal Bridge Martial Saint

The central Jun Heaven Territory, a mountain peak of Kunlun Mountain.

A black-clothed youth was currently seated in the meditative position on a huge rock atop a cliff.

A middle-aged man appeared behind him.

“Yan Zhaoge slew the Heaven Emperor’s head disciple, Qing Shuzi, and his seventh disciple, Daoist Leading Mist,” The middle-aged man said in a heavy tone, “The Heaven Emperor will definitely not let things go easily when he learns of this.”

“He is currently still in extradimensional space and unable to spare time to return. Still, as soon as he returns, he will definitely go to the southeast.”

The black-clothed youth stood up from the huge rock, turning as he asked, “What do you want to do, senior apprentice-brother?”

The middle-aged man pondered for a moment before answering, “I desire to head to the southeast.”

“However, now would not be a good time. An appropriate timing is necessary, or going there would be too impolite.”

The black-clothed youth said nothing as he awaited his upcoming words.

“Without having personally interacted or clashed before, there is no way to confirm it at the end of the day,” The middle-aged man continued, “There are things from Master’s words that do not flow well…I do not doubt Master’s decision, but the other party’s identity must surely be made certain.”

After saying so, the middle-aged man gazed into the horizon up above, “I have already sent word to Master once more, just that I do not know when a reply might come.”

The black-clothed youth’s gaze flickered as he too gazed into the horizon, “The reply has arrived.”

“It was so quick this time?” The middle-aged man was startled slightly as he gazed into the sky.

A moment later, space itself broke apart as a streak of light descended from the skies, landing atop the mountain peak!

Seeing this, the two atop the mountain peak both fell silent.

“I will abide by Master’s instructions,” The black-clothed youth raised a hand and kept the streak of light, thus ceasing to speak.

That middle-aged man forced a smile after a while, “Having never even seen him, how can Master be so sure that this is the person he is looking for? The discrepancy in age here is just too great…”

The black-clothed youth said, “Since Master has given his instructions, I believe that he has already taken everything into consideration.”

“Since that is so, let us begin our preparations quickly,” The middle-aged man replied slowly.

……

Northern Profound Heaven Territory, Extreme Northern Lands, atop a patch of frozen earth.

The entrance to a dimensional passageway was visible there.

This was no normal dimensional passageway. It led to a different world, and as one gazed within, all was jet-black in its interior, resembling a black hole.

Streaks of electricity vaguely flickered within.

A girl was currently standing at the entrance to the dimensional passageway.

That girl was garbed in white clothes and wielded a black sabre, her hair tied back simply in a bundle of cloth behind her head.

This was none other than Feng Yunsheng who was currently moving about on her own in the outside world.

In order to keep a low profile, she had done away with the black-bordered blue robe worn by core disciples of Broad Creed Mountain, only having retained the white-clothes that nominal disciples wore as it was not so easy to identify her.

Feng Yunsheng gazed towards the south, laughing softly, “With your show-offy personality, you surely must be appearing all cool and composed outwardly while being triumphant like crazy within?”

Yan Zhaoge’s fame had truly shaken the world this time.

News of him had even travelled to the Extreme Northern Lands far away on the opposite end of the World beyond Worlds.

“Bright moon above the sea, distant horizons sharing the moment…” Remembering these words Yan Zhaoge had once said, Feng Yunsheng muttered them aloud.

A short while later, she smiled, retrieving a spiritual orb.

This was an item which had previously been gifted to her by the granddaughter of the Northern Exalt, Guan Yuluo who was a disciple of Cloud Pavilion Mountain’s Profound Remnant Locale.

Feng Yunsheng tapped lightly on the spiritual orb as radiance surged, a small, intricate sparrow hawk flying out from within.

She wrote some words in mid-air that engraved themselves on the spiritual orb. Next, the spiritual orb transformed into a streak of light that was swallowed into the stomach of the sparrow hawk.

Next, she raised her hand, the sparrow hawk flying into the air, heading towards the distant south.

After watching the sparrow hawk fly away, Feng Yunsheng’s gaze turned determined as she turned and entered that pitch black dimensional passageway.

After she had entered within, after an unspecified amount of time, the entrance to the dimensional passageway gradually vanished.

There were only cold winds which howled above the frozen icy plains as no one was visible there any longer.

……

Southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, Royal Reed Sea.

Yan Zhaoge finally returned to Broad Creed Mountain after a long time.

Seeing Broad Creed Mountain before him, Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “Really, it’s good to be home.”

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest smile, “Young Master, your fame truly shook the world this time. It must surely feel great.”

Yan Zhaoge coughed dryly, “Really, things were startling but fortunately still not perilous this time.”

“Zhang Shuren and Peng He aside, in the battle of Circumference Mountain, that Qing Shuzi really was not to be underestimated. I never knew beforehand that he was actually versed in the Heaven Earth Within Sleeve.”

“If not for the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation having diminished his cultivation base, if he used this unexpectedly on me, there really might have been the risk of me being toppled by him instead.”

He turned to look at Ah Hu, Xia Guang and Pan-Pan, saying in a serious tone, “When battling others in the future, you must remember to keep a bit of caution at all times. The other side may produce an unexpected trump card or killing move.”

“If you are taken unawares and fall to this move, however many methods and ultimate techniques you yourself possess, you would still be unable to use them as you can only perish with grievances.”

Xia Guang immediately turned solemn as he nodded seriously, “Understood.”

Pan-Pan blinked and yawned.

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest smile, sending via sound transmission, “He was ultimately still toppled by you, though, Young Master.”

“Of course,” Not revealing anything outwardly in front of Xia Guang, Yan Zhaoge arrogantly replied via sound transmission.

As they happily conversed, the group descended towards Broad Creed Mountain.

Yan Zhaoge’s heart suddenly jolted as gazing over, he saw a handsome man who appeared to be in his thirties or forties on the outside with specks of white on his brows currently standing at the top of Heaven Rising Peak, smiling at him.

It was precisely his father, Yan Di.

“You have left seclusion?” Gazing carefully over, Yan Zhaoge could vaguely feel that within Yan Di’s body, the numerous acupoints which had already been refined to see Divinity were pulsing slightly.

Towards him, Yan Di did not conceal anything. Thus, Yan Zhaoge could sense that this resembled the universe of stars within his body having formed a system of its own, circulating with a unique rhythm.

This was precisely the defining characteristic of an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint!

Having continually been in secluded cultivation ever since leaving the Minor No Hatred dao arena and returning to the World beyond Worlds, now that Yan Di had emerged from seclusion, he had successfully broken through that previous bottleneck and ascended from the late Seeing Divinity stage to the early Immortal Bridge stage.

This entailed that Yan Di had attained the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm.

Broad Creed Mountain finally had an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint now…

Thinking of this, Yan Zhaoge knew not whether to laugh or to cry.

They father and son had risen to prominence alongside Broad Creed Mountain in the World beyond Worlds. It was only now, however, that one of them finally ascended the Immortal Bridge.

“This always felt rather like a mockery…” Yan Zhaoge stopped thinking about useless things, ultimately still feeling extremely happy.

His joy at his father ascending the Immortal Bridge was no lesser than if he had advanced his cultivation base.

He congratulated Yan Di who shook his head and smiled, “It seems that you stirred up a real disturbance in the south this time.”

Broad Creed Mountain had only just received news of this.

“There were several late Immortal Bridge Martial Saints in front of and behind me,” Yan Zhaoge chortled, “If I had not stirred up a big disturbance, how would I have been able to get back then?”

The two walked together to the main hall where Broad Creed Mountain’s other higher echelons were waiting.

Yan Zhaoge’s own narration was naturally much more detailed and accurate than the rumours. Everyone sighed in admiration after hearing it.

Afterwards, returning to their lodgings, only father and son themselves remained.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, asking, “Father, did you encounter something after departing the Minor No Hatred dao arena that year?”