Chapter 1000: Fortune Awaiting At Home

HSSB1000: Fortune awaiting at home

Yan Zhaoge had known all along that his father was supremely talented.

After they had been separated at the Minor No Hatred dao arena due to Mars Halberd, Yan Di had immediately entered secluded cultivation as soon as he had returned to the World beyond Worlds. Yan Zhaoge had felt this to be rather out of the ordinary.

Now, the fact that Yan Di had successfully emerged from secluded cultivation an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint seemed to corroborate this.

“I indeed gained some things,” Yan Di looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Earlier, you said that the legacy that you received at the Daoist temple was not of the Grand Clear lineage but the Prime Clear lineage?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right.”

As he spoke, black light suddenly flickered within his pupils.

Yan Zhaoge formed a sword seal as wisps of black sword-qi surged on his fingertips.

With Yan Di’s cultivation base, he could sense that intimidating killing intent and air of death within.

This was a concept which seemingly sought to slay all lifeforms, exterminating all sentient beings, yet appeared calm and natural amidst cruel icy coldness.

It seemed to be indicating a principle.

Death was the final destination of all living beings.

Whether it was the past of the future, no one could ever avoid this tribulation.

As long as something possessed life, it could be slain.

Yan Di felt this sword-qi exceptionally clearly as he cultivated in the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture.

This supreme martial art of the Jade Clear direct lineage and the sword dao that Yan Zhaoge was currently executing seemed like two sides of the same coin, life and death facing each other. Yet, they were connected to each other in a seamless manner.

Their principles conflicted with yet also birthed each other.

Still, Yan Di did not have to experience actual combat to be able to basically tell that this sword dao just happened to counter the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture to some extent.

To be precise, it was not just the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture.

Other supreme martial arts that delved into life force could be countered by it too.

This included the Phoenix True Form Scripture of the lineage of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory’s Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope and the eastern Vast Heaven Territory’s Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale’s Longevity Scripture.

Of course, this sword dao that was brutal to the extreme as it was filled with a decisive killing intent was similarly a terrifying harbinger of death for martial practitioners cultivating in other martial arts.

While devilish martial arts had seldom been seen in the Eight Extremities Worlds, they had once flourished for a time in the Vast Ocean World.

There was actually a small amount of devilish martial arts circulating in the World beyond Worlds too.

Ignoring the innate personalities of martial practitioners, those who cultivated in devilish martial arts were generally rather more bloodthirsty, causing more slaughters.

Still, if one were to search for a martial art that possessed the greatest killing intent in this world, no devilish martial art would be a match for this sword dao that Yan Zhaoge was currently manifesting.

Also, this sword did not give off a restless, evil aura.

This was simply because it already implied the end of life in itself.

“A sword dao of the Prime Clear direct lineage…could it be the legendary Immortal Slaughtering Sword of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords?” Yan Di quickly came to a realisation.

While he had never seen anyone utilising the Immortal Slaughtering Sword before, he had heard of its characteristics, this sword being much too famous at the end of the day.

“Exterminating Immortal sharp, Slaughtering Immortal death, Trapping Immortal doth red light arise,” Yan Zhaoge slowly nodded, “The martial art of the Prime Clear direct lineage that I obtained at the Daoist temple was precisely the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.”

If one said that the Immortal Trapping Sword extinguished space and time and the Immortal Ending Sword slew all things, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword was a sword which slaughtered all lifeforms.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Ignoring Circumference Mountain, in the battle of Vast Spirit Mountain, it was not for no good reason that Zhang Shuren and Yuan Xiancheng were beaten by me. The self-created Slaying Azure Dragon which I newly produced actually benefited greatly from the Immortal Slaughtering Sword in terms of the principles that it contains.”

“I remember you having once said that when you attempt to ascend the Immortal Bridge, besides one of the Jade Clear direct lineage’s Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, you will also require supreme martial arts of the Grand Clear and Prime Clear lineages respectively.”

Yan Di said, “In heading to the Daoist temple this time, you originally did so as you believed that it was a cave manor of a descendant of the Grand Clear direct lineage, having hoped that you would benefit off the remnant legacies of some senior of the Grand Clear lineage.”

“That’s right,” Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, “Who would have thought that it was instead of the Prime Clear direct lineage? That’s fine too, for I just happened to lack a supreme martial art of the Prime Clear direct lineage. It can be considered no real loss. It is just that I am still considering who to approach next to obtain a supreme martial art of the Grand Clear lineage.”

“Still, this trip to the Daoist temple was not a pointless waste at the end of the day.”

He chuckled, “Those of Three Foot Mountain and Wutong Slope will probably be sorely disappointed…”

Yan Zhaoge’s heart suddenly jolted slightly as he looked at his father.

Seeing this, Yan Di smiled mildly, “You guess rightly.”

Amidst his words, streams of qi suddenly surged out from the top of Yan Di’s head.

These streams of qi looked chaotic and dim, resembling a dim clump of clouds.

Fragmented specks of radiance flickered amidst the clump of clouds as it was neither bright nor dazzling.

Yet, it was incomparably profound as it was difficult to appraise and difficult to describe.

As the cloud qi expanded, it blossomed like lotuses.

It was blurry around the petals of the flower as it was not clearly distinct from the surrounding space at the edges.

Yet, the surrounding space and the world seemed to be centred around that lotus which resembled a cloud of stars, concaving inwards.

“Peerless Infinity Primordial Chaos Fortuitous Clouds?!” Yan Zhaoge nearly blurted out as even his mouth was open, though he stopped himself from doing so at the last moment.

He composed himself and gazed carefully at it for a time before finally sighing deeply to himself.

These were not the Peerless Infinity Primordial Chaos Fortuitous Clouds manifested by the Lord of Primordial Beginning of the Jade Clear lineage, a miraculous ability gained upon major completion in the Peerless Heavenly Scripture that was the first of his Primordial Heavenly Scriptures.

While this also bore the concept of the limitless universe from before the heavens and earth had been formed, it was still different from the Peerless Infinity Primordial Chaos Fortuitous Clouds.

If not for this, Yan Zhaoge might really have to suspect that he cultivated in a false Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

The peerless infinity of primordial times was one of a kind as only one person in existence was able to cultivate it in at any single time.

Before the Lord of Primordial Beginning had Transcended, the place that he had occupied had made it such that no other person could cultivate in it.

Therefore, on seeing that cloud of stars, Yan Zhaoge had truly been puzzled.

Still, he had gained an understanding of it now.

These were not Peerless Infinity Primordial Chaos Fortuitous Clouds of the Jade Clear lineage.

Instead, they represented Taiyi, Grand Simplicity, the head of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations of the Grand Clear lineage!

Yan Zhaoge was now overcome by an urge to whoop for joy.

He had gone searching for it, only to find it right before him!

While this was not the Taiyi Fist in itself, with this clump of clouds and his foundation of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, with his simultaneous cultivation in the Three Purities, the Taiyi Fist was already beckoning towards him!

While searching for a supreme martial art of the Grand Clear lineage, he had found one of the Prime Clear lineage instead.

Who knew that upon arriving home, there would actually be a supreme martial art of the Grand Clear lineage waiting for him!

Such a feeling was miraculous indeed.

In spite of his joy, however, Yan Zhaoge did not lose his cool.

There were still some discrepancies between the scenes before him and the Grand Simplicity that he was familiar with.

Grand Simplicity, the head of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, signifying the initial state of the primordial universe as it was without light and without shape, silent and formless.

The existence which resembled lotuses whilst also a cloud of stars above Yan Di’s head seemed like it was not simply Grand Simplicity.

“Father, this concept seems rather like Grand Simplicity, but seems to have changed in some way. Despite that, it is not Grand Simplicity that has become Grand Commencement as it seems to have leapt from the Earlier Heaven Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations to a Later Heaven martial art all at once.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s doubts, Yan Di said, “Since you cultivate in the Taiji Yin Yang Fist of the Grand Ultimate Manifestation, you will naturally have a unique understanding of this. This is indeed the manifestation of Grand Simplicity, but has also undergone some Later Heaven changes. I have dubbed it the Grand Simplicity Light Cloud or Grand Simplicity Lotus.”

“Oh?” Yan Zhaoge seemed to detect something unusual from his words, “How did you obtain this Grand Simplicity Light Cloud?”

Yan Di’s expression turned strange, this being something that was very rare for him.

“What would you think if I said that it was not I who found this Grand Simplicity Light Cloud but it who found me?”