Chapter 185: Adding Some Spice For The Enemy

HSSB185: Adding some spice for the enemy

This answer of Tang Yonghao’s was casual, yet Yan Zhaoge could glean many things from it.

Firstly, Huang Jie indeed concealed himself very deeply, his actual cultivation definitely not being low.

Secondly, with someone having tied him up, Huang Jie was most likely not that black-robed Martial Grandmaster who had ambushed him and Xu Fei just now.

Unless the other disciples of the Sacred Sun Clan who had fallen into the devilish domain all died this time, in which case Huang Jie would seem very suspicious.

Rubbing his brows, Yan Zhaoge continued, “Earlier, when Hovering Island plummeted downwards, I saw that you, Senior Brother Tang, were together with the Heavenly Thunder Hall disciples. How are they now?”

Tang Yonghao said, “They weren’t in any danger when descending, no one falling into the black hole, but when we were engulfed by the devilish domain, we were separated from Junior Brother Xie Ziyi.”

“Afterwards, we happened to meet a reinforcing Martial Grandmaster of the Heavenly Thunder Hall come to surround and suppress the Decimating Abyss martial practitioners. Junior Sister Chen Lin and the others thus left with that person, while I continued searching for junior apprentice-brother Huang and the others.”

Saying thus, Tang Yonghao raised up his left hand, a small pendant tied to his wrist, radiating a bright glow like sunlight within the dark domain of devilish qi.

“Relying on this, I can attempt to locate junior apprentice-brother Huang and the others, just that it is much harder to do so within this devilish domain.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, as Xu Fei asked, “Zhaoge, what do you plan to do now?”

“Oh, I actually plan to go deeper into the depths of Clear Concealed Lake, to the central region where that black formation lies,” After glancing at Tang Yonghao, Yan Zhaoge said candidly.

Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao were both slightly shocked, “What are your intentions?”

Yan Zhaoge explained, “There has clearly been an accident in the plans of our Elders. This means that there are still spies of the Decimating Abyss Organisation amongst our six great Sacred Ground’s higher echelon experts.”

“Due to that, our plans have instead been made use of by the enemy, with our backup plan perhaps also having been exposed. The Decimating Abyss definitely will not be unguarded against it.”

A cold light shone slightly within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, “Therefore, I’m preparing to add some new factors to the equation, adding some spice to this great dish of theirs.”

Both Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao didn’t question about how, as a Martial Scholar, Yan Zhaoge would be able to add some new factors to the equation in a battle situation at the level of Martial Grandmasters.

Xu Fei looked straight at Yan Zhaoge, “I can’t let you take this risk alone. I’m going with you.”

Xu Fei continued,  “I hear that you, Zhaoge, have obtained a Sacred Artifact fragment. Perhaps you truly have the potential to charge in as an unexpected factor.”

“Speaking from my heart, whether it is this Xu of now or Senior Brother Tang, both of us still lack the ability to intrude in a battle situation at the level of stronger Martial Grandmaster experts.”

“However, currently, in this devilish domain, other than stronger Martial Grandmaster experts, there are still many Martial Scholars of the Decimating Abyss Organisation as well as weaker Martial Grandmaster martial practitioners, such as that person just now.”

“Untalented as I am, I won’t be able to prove much of a help in this general situation. However, on this journey, I’ll be able to help you save some time and energy, especially helping to preserve your Sacred Artifact fragment power as much as possible. After all, it is only a fragment, not a true Sacred Artifact. Having depleted its power, it should require some time to recuperate before it can recover.”

Tang Yonghao similarly said emotionally, “Count me in as well.”

With the current situation being of the utmost importance and things being so pressing, Yan Zhaoge dispensed with the courtesies as he immediately nodded, “With this, I first thank two Senior Brothers.”

Saying thus, Yan Zhaoge patted Pan-Pan, “Bring along junior apprentice-sister Sikong with you and hide her well; wait till reinforcements from our clan arrive or the issue is settled.”

A rarely seen vexed feeling could be seen within Sikong Qing’s eyes that were usually cold.

She was not frustrated that Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei would not be bringing her along, but instead felt  regretful that with her cultivation base was too weak, she was unable to provide help in this situation, and would instead possibly ending up a burden.

Looking at her, Yan Zhaoge said, “We will be venturing in deeper. If we bring you along, it would instead be more dangerous.”

“Junior apprentice-sister Sikong. With Pan-Pan guarding you, as long as you don’t meet any Martial Grandmasters or Heavenly Connection Martial Scholars, it’ll be fine. However, with so many enemies present, it would still be best for you to stay cautious.”

Sucking in a deep breath, Sikong Qing’s emotions had already completely regained their former calm as she nodded, “Rest easy, senior apprentice-brother Yan; I understand. You should also be careful.”

Yan Zhaoge patted Pan-Pan’s huge head, “Ah Hu and Pan-Pan are also very familiar with each other. Even in this devilish domain, Ah Hu should still be barely able to find him. It’s been so long already; as long as he hasn’t met an enemy, he shouldn’t be far.”

“With time being so pressing, I am unable to wait for Ah Hu. However, the two of you can. After meeting up with Ah Hu, as long as you don’t encounter a Martial Grandmaster, there won’t be any danger.”

“Do not remain where you are, lest that fellow from just now return once more.”

Pan-Pan left rather unwillingly. As Yan Zhaoge shook his head towards him, the big fella could only feel wronged as he brought Sikong Qing along in another direction.

The trio immediately set off.

“When this is over, I must definitely research formations properly; it is hateful to find my knowledge lacking ah.”

While Yan Zhaoge’s proficiency in formations far exceeded martial practitioners of the same cultivation level, if the other party controlling the formation was a Martial Grandmaster, that gap in cultivation made it such that the difference in their ability to control the formation and mentally play out its workings was not so easily remedied.

Deciphering the formation as they walked, Yan Zhaoge brought Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao deeper into the devilish domain.

While they were currently enveloped by layers upon layers of devilish qi, the trio could still feel the intense clashes of power and fluctuations of spiritual qi in the outside world.

It was clear that the general battle was still proceeding, and was currently at its most intense peak.

While the Decimating Abyss had successfully countered them with the use of their spies, they still seemed to be rather weaker in terms of overall power.

But as time passed, the domain of devilish qi seemed to grow more and more stable as that terrifying aura which stemmed from the Nine Underworlds also grew more and more terrifying.

If they could not resolve this quickly, as the rift leading to the Nine Underworlds truly opened, the situation would definitely immediately take a drastic turn for the worst.

The martial practitioners of the various Sacred Grounds clearly all understood this point as their attacks all grew fiercer and fiercer, with a violent power that unceasingly disrupted the domain of devilish qi.

As the trio proceeded, a massive stream of black light suddenly lit up before their eyes, composed of thousands, tens of thousands of sigils and runes circulating non-stop.

This was one of the spirit patterns of that massive formation of black light at the bottom of Clear Concealed Lake.

The thick spirit pattern, influenced by external forces, now suddenly collapsed!

With its collapse, the nearby region of devilish qi also collapsed alongside it, a massive gulf being ripped apart in the devilish qi domain.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were instantly harmed terribly by this sudden situation as the three simultaneously plummeted down towards the deep abyss below.

“Unexpected situations are neverending ah,” Yan Zhaoge shook his head slightly as under the interference of the devilish qi, he found it hard for him to activate his aura-qi to hover in the air.

However, it did not trouble Yan Zhaoge. While it was a little unsuitable with Tang Yonghao present, he still waved out his hand as the spirit artifact, the Radiant Sun Wheel, emerged, flying out in an arc.

Tapping his feet on the Radiant Sun Wheel, Yan Zhaoge shot out of the deep abyss, the Radiant Sun Wheel once again flying out in an arc as it returned to his hands.

On the other side, Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao also employed various methods to leap out of the deep abyss.

However, the fissure of the deep abyss was rapidly expanding, with roiling devilish qi gushing out from within as it separated the trio, causing them to be unable to reinforce one another.

The domain of devilish qi distorted as the distance between the three continued to increase, with them very soon no longer able to see one another.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, his heart moving slightly as he turned to look.

In the distance, a figure was currently gradually walking over from afar.