Chapter 184: Fighting The Black-Robed Masked Man Once More

HSSB184: Fighting the black-robed masked man once more

Patting Pan-Pan, Yan Zhaoge set off once more, pondering as he walked, “The person just now held back in his abilities.”

“Was it because he was afraid of exposing his identity? But there is no need for that; he has already fallen.”

“Unless he has a method to transform back into a human from an Evil Devil?” Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “It’s just that seeing how extremely compatible he is with the devilish qi of this devilish domain, he has probably fallen for quite a long time, at least a year.”

Shaking his head, Yan Zhaoge temporarily suppressed his doubts as he focused his mind on distinguishing the road ahead as he proceeded forward.

After walking for a moment, Yan Zhaoge’s heart suddenly moved.

Despite the obstruction of layers of devilish qi, he could still vaguely feel that not far away, there were currently people clashing.

Yan Zhaoge hurriedly sped along in that direction. Within the black fog, a spiritual light very quickly began flashing as they met and separated, fighting in an heaven-flipping, earth-overturning manner.

The surrounding devilish qi surged as it was shattered unceasingly.

As soon as he saw that dazzling sword-light, Yan Zhaoge raised his brows, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu and…Tang Yonghao?”

As Yan Zhaoge retracted his aura and approached, he saw three figures currently launching attacks to and fro within the black fog as they clashed non-stop.

Looking carefully, Yan Zhaoge could not help but sigh at how enemies meet on a narrow path.

One of them was precisely the black-robed masked man who had ambushed him earlier.

And the other side consisted of the Heaven’s favoured sons of Broad Creed Mountain and the Sacred Sun Clan, Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao, currently joining hands in fighting against him.

The two of them had never cooperated in a fight before, having instead been longtime rivals and opponents ever since their youth.

However, currently joining hands in facing an enemy for the first time, they displayed an extremely high level of cooperation, resembling fellow apprentice-brothers who had been fighting together for many years.

Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao fought together, one attacking, one defending, one mainstream, one out of the ordinary, with Xu Fei executing the Great Heaven Earth Sword and the Great Heaven Earth Palm simultaneously, forceful and domineering, clumsy but heavy, defending till even wind could not get through.

Meanwhile, as Tang Yonghao brandished his sword, only an all-encompassing sky of sword-light could be seen as it enveloped the heavens and covered the earth, seemingly bringing light to the nearby heavens and the earth within this dark devilish domain.

Of the duo, either one were already at the peak of the Heavenly Connection stage, only a step away from the Martial Grandmaster realm.

Also, they were the elites of Broad Creed Mountain’s and the Sacred Sun Clan’s direct disciples, indisputably  favoured sons of Heaven , far from what other Heavenly Connection Martial Scholars could compare to.

Joining hands to fight an enemy at this moment, with their great coordination, they displayed even greater power.

It was just that their opponent was clearly also not an ordinary figure.

While wary of Yan Zhaoge’s fragment of the Eye of the Thunder Emperor, he had retreated after not having achieved his intended sure-kill with his first blow. Nonetheless, that black-robed masked man was undoubtedly also an outstanding existence amongst martial practitioners of the same cultivation level.

Currently, as he fought one against two against Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao, he still had much strength to spare.

As a fallen practitioner, within this devilish domain, his power had even been bolstered.

Looking coldly at that black-robed masked man, Yan Zhaoge called softly, “Pan-Pan?”

His mind currently connected with Yan Zhaoge’s, Pan-Pan’s entire body blazed with white flames.

These white flames shrunk back powerfully, condensing unceasingly, finally transforming into a tiny ember the colour of milk.

The white ember resembled a small, intricate spirit leaping about, its size in great contrast with Pan-Pan’s massive frame.

However, it contained an immense destructive power that caused one’s heart to freeze!

Jade Dragon Sword in hand, a purplish-green light flickered within Yan Zhaoge’s right eye.

His entire body’s aura-qi became as hot as blazing flames as its explosive power was instantly raised to the peak.

The next moment, Yan Zhaoge merged with his sword, his entire person surging to the air as he transformed into a streak of jade light along with his Jade Dragon Sword, chopping towards that black-robed masked man!

On the streak of jade light, the crimson glow of fire shone as countless thunderbolts and streaks of lightning also lashed about unceasingly.

Within the illusory heaven and earth formed of Yan Zhaoge’s aura-qi, a green dragon surged into the world, its entire body shrouded in lightning and fire, its momentum shocking the heavens!

At the same time, Pan-Pan gave a low roar, that milky-white ember, resembling a flying meteor, shooting towards that black-robed masked man at an extremely high speed!

Flame Thunderbolt!

Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light was like a dragon as it instantly ripped apart the dense black fog, heading straight for that Martial Grandmaster alongside Pan-Pan’s Flame Thunderbolt.

While he was currently in the midst of a heated battle, the opponent was a Martial Grandmaster, as well as having his sensory abilities greatly enhanced with this devilish domain as the battlefield. He immediately detected Yan Zhaoge’s and Pan-Pan’s  approach.

Not saying a word, Yan Zhaoge immediately attacked, his offense extremely fierce.

Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao were also not polite. With this opportunity arising, they promptly and decisively grabbed it, their swords rising in unison as they shot towards the black-robed Martial Grandmaster like a row of mountains toppling an ocean.

Facing the combined attack of these three young experts, their masked opponent’s sword-wielding wrist unconsciously twitched.

But very quickly, he suppressed his movement, flying back in retreat once more, hurriedly withdrawing!

It was only that the attacks of the trio as well as Pan-Pan were all extremely domineering. As their opponent retreated, drawn in by the airflow, they shot towards him with a momentum that surged up to the heavens.

A muffled groan resounded in mid-air as this strong Martial Grandmaster had already been injured by their combined efforts.

However, he was truly strong as making use of the surrounding devilish domain, he swiftly escaped.

With him of a mind to leave, Yan Zhaoge and the others were also hard pressed to keep him behind.

Yan Zhaoge kept his Jade Dragon Sword, descending onto the ground below as he looked to Xu Fei and Tang Yonghao.

Having rationally kept away rather than trying to help out and instead proving a burden as she knew that she lacked the ability to do so, Sikong Qing now walked up as well.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s gaze on Tang Yonghao, Xu Fei immediately said, “It was Senior Brother Tang chivalrously lending a helping hand upon seeing me and junior apprentice-sister Sikong meeting an ambush as he happened to pass by.”

Tang Yonghao said calmly, “The Nine Underworlds, Decimating Abyss, are all the public enemy of my Eight Extremities World.”

He was not an obstinate person with a one-track mind who could not be made to see reason.

If the person Xu Fei had been clashing with had been a Martial Grandmaster expert of the Sacred Sun Clan or the Heavenly Thunder Hall, while he might not like the sight of it, Tang Yonghao would also not ask of others based upon his own standards.

Xu Fei was an elite of Broad Creed Mountain’s younger generation, his future incalculable.

If his Elders or those of their allied Heavenly Thunder Hall wished to exterminate him early on, while Tang Yonghao would not heed any orders to surround and attack him, he would also not step forward to stop it from happening.

However, if it was an unexpected natural disaster or perhaps a public enemy of the entire Eight Extremities World such as the Flame Devils and the Nine Underworlds causing danger to Xu Fei, Tang Yonghao would lend out a helping hand without any hesitation whatsoever.

Even if afterwards, he still clashed with Xu Fei in a deadly heaven-flipping, earth-overturning battle.

Looking at Tang Yonghao, Yan Zhaoge slowly nodded, “I must thank Senior Brother Tang for his debt of assistance.”

Sighing, Tang Yonghao smiled, “Junior Brother Yan overstates things. It is instead Junior Brother Yan’s sword just now that was truly fascinating, and was a real eye-opener for me.”

Knowing that this person was somewhat obsessed with martial arts to the point of idiocy, Yan Zhaoge also smiled slightly, “Senior Brother Tang over-praises me.”

Scanning their surroundings, Yan Zhaoge asked, “If Senior Brother Tang is here, your fellow disciples…”

Tang Yonghao answered, “Huang Jie, junior apprentice-brother Huang is looking after them. As for me, when falling into this domain of devilish qi, I lost contact with them, and am precisely searching for them now.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes momentarily narrowed slightly into slits.

Tang Yonghao’s words just now, had inadvertently revealed quite a bit of information…