Chapter 194: Just Who’S The Ant Here?

HSSB194: Just who’s the ant here?

As Yan Zhaoge’s sword-aura entered Zhao Hao’s body, Zhao Hao was unable to resist it as his fleshly body completely shattered into a cloud of gore!

An indistinct illusory figure seemed to drift right before Yan Zhaoge.

With regards to appearance, it seemed to more or less resemble Zhao Hao, yet was also slightly different.

Yan Zhaoge had seen paintings spread of the appearance of the past Pill Fire Divine Sword Gao Zhe before. Besides resembling Zhao Hao, this illusory figure before him seemed to resemble Gao Zhe as well.

It was precisely the other party’s soul.

However, this soul was currently shattered and on the brink of destruction.

Zhao Hao, or should it be said Gao Zhe, glared fixatedly at Yan Zhaoge, letting out a soundless roar which seemed to echo by Yan Zhaoge’s ear, “If I don’t die today, I will definitely rise up once more and have my revenge!”

“Yan Zhaoge, you and that Broad Creed Mountain behind you-I will not rest until one of us is wiped out! I will definitely fight it out to the end with you!”

Yan Zhaoge looked calmly at him, saying mildly, “You die, I live. This is also a pretty good solution.”

Zhao Hao roared towards the sky, unresigned to his fate.

Suddenly, the small black incense burner that had fallen onto the ground emitted a suction force, wanting to suck the shattered fragments of Zhao Hao’s soul within.

“This again?” The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth arched slightly. Extending his palm, exerting force, he instantly locked Zhao Hao’s soul in place, preventing it from entering the small black incense burner.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Zhao Hao, smiling mildly, “The only reason Ye Jing could pull this stunt at the Sealing Dragon Abyss was because I had no intentions of killing him at that time.”

“As for you-who should die, shall not live.”

Yan Zhaoge exerted greater force with his palm, the fragments of Zhao Hao’s shattered soul instantly distorting!

Zhao Hao roared furiously, “You insignificant ant…”

Yan Zhaoge chortled, “You had best be clear on this. Right now, the insect you speak of, is really you.”

“Weak to what extent?” Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows, “Weak to the point that I don’t even care whether or not you hate me, don’t even care why you are antagonistic to my Broad Creed Mountain.”

“If you weren’t a hindrance, I wouldn’t bother with you. However, you daring to pierce in as a thorn in my flesh, I’ll just slaughter you then.”

Yan Zhaoge looked calmly at Zhao Hao, “This is what I think of you–simple and predictable. Taking care of you, is just as simple.”

Zhao Hao’s face was livid, but he was already unable to say anything.

His soul, by Yan Zhaoge’s palm, was completely and utterly destroyed!

The soul flying and the spirit scattering, to complete and utter, eternal, damnation!

Yan Zhaoge seemed completely unmoved, not even deigning to bat an eyelash.

Ye Zhongzhou, Xiao Yu, and Zhang Yao stared dazedly at the scene playing out before them. Stunned, they seemed unable to recover their wits.

As for the paralyzed Liu Shengfeng on the ground, he was even more dumbstruck. Having seen what had happened to Zhao Hao, he was even more frightened than he had been before.

In fact, from the moment that Yan Zhaoge had revealed himself till now, only a short time had passed.

Saving people, shattering the formation, and slaying the enemy.

Everything had been accomplished in only a few breaths of time.

The state of affairs had been completely reversed in the blink of an eye.

At one moment, it seemed as if the descent of the Nine Underworlds was imminent, and in the next moment, Yan Zhaoge was brazenly slaying Zhao Hao and shattering the devilish formation.

Watching Yan Zhaoge standing there, the minds of Ye Zhongzhou, Zhang Yao, and the others momentarily blanked.

Yan Zhaoge watched serenely as the all-encompassing devilish qi gradually dispersed.

The oppressive aura from the Nine Underworlds gradually subsided as the illusory door on the ground also vanished completely.

As the portal closed, an extremely unresigned will seemed to pass through infinite time and space, roaring in Yan Zhaoge’s ear.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t change his expression. He sheathed his sword and gazed into the distance as the dissipating devilish qi transformed into numerous rampaging chains across the sky.

Elder Mo and the other fallen practitioners, to whatever extent, all suffered a backlash from the formation, the devilish qi surging in reverse, flowing into their bodies.

The higher the cultivation base, the more serious the backlash.

Without the boost of the devilish qi, instead even being harmed by it, the lines of the Decimating Abyss experts instantly collapsed, their loss destined.

In the sky, the red mountain paused for a moment. Yan Zhaoge could feel the gaze of Shan Shiweng on him.

“Pity that he isn’t a disciple of my Infinite Boundless Mountain…” Shan Shiweng let out a regretful, whilst also praise-filled sigh, before instantly speeding off into the distance to help hunt down the remaining Decimating Abyss Organization experts.

Yan Zhaoge watched as Shan Shiweng travelled into the distance. At the same time, without betraying any emotion, he emitted a suction force with his palm to pick up the little black incense burner beside Zhao Hao’s corpse.

Compared to Zhao Hao, he was instead more interested in this little incense burner.

The sword strike he had used to kill Zhao Hao as well as the one with which he had defeated Zhao Hao’s Starlight Fire Trailing Sky earlier were both martial arts he had comprehended and created himself.

For Yan Zhaoge, whose cultivation was continually increasing, he had been continually working on improving his martial arts. At this point, he was already on the way to mastering them and forming a system of his own.

Finger Flicking Shocking Thunder, was just a beginning.

The principles within this martial art just executed by him was the more deep and profound.

Although it was still in its embryonic form, not yet matured as compared to Finger Flicking Shocking Thunder, its power was already not to be underestimated.

Yan Zhaoge had executed this martial art through the Jade Dragon Sword in a bid to kill, yet had been unable to leave behind even a single mark on the surface of this little black incense burner.

This showed that this ordinary looking incense burner actually had an extraordinary origin.

As a result, Yan Zhaoge was extremely interested in the mysteries of this incense burner, but was also equally cautious.

He sat down and meditated to recover his exhausted strength while simultaneously examining the incense burner.

At first, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t feel anything, but fully focusing his mind on the incense burner, his mind suddenly wavered as it felt as though his spirit wanted to leave his body and enter the black incense burner of its own accord.

Yan Zhaoge warily kept his mind in place.

He slowly reached out and began infusing aura-qi within, surging unceasingly.

The aura-qi that was sent into the incense burner quickly vanished without a trace or any feedback whatsoever. For Yan Zhaoge, who was the original owner of this aura-qi, his connection with the aura-qi was completely terminated.

Continuously infusing aura-qi into the incense burner, fully concentrating on it, his mind suddenly wavered once more.

This time, he was long prepared for it. While keeping a firm guard up on his own mind, he began to probe the incense burner with his consciousness.

His consciousness entered into a world that was entirely pitch-black, quiet and deep, an infinite dimension of darkness.

“Hmmm?” Yan Zhaoge wrinkled his brows. He suddenly felt that there was a strange force affecting his mind that wanted to stop him from leaving this dark world, wanting to make him sink deeper and deeper within.

The world didn’t possess a single bit of light and was pure darkness. Any light that he tried to project into the world was absorbed by it, leaving behind only the deepest darkness.

While there was only a boundless expanse of darkness, Yan Zhaoge seemed to experience a vast and limitless temptation, attempting to draw his consciousness completely within.

Even though Yan Zhaoge could feel that this dark world was without malicious intent, he was also one hundred percent sure that if he was unable to defend his mind and was subsumed by the darkness, his soul would be eternally imprisoned in this dark world, his fleshly body reduced to an empty shell.