Chapter 199: Still Underestimated You Originally

HSSB199: Still underestimated you originally

As the Twilight Lord and Huang Jie were appraising Yan Zhaoge, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze had actually also swept past where those of the Sacred Sun Clan were.

Yan Zhaoge glanced at Huang Jie, then looked at the other Sacred Sun Clan disciples by his side.

Those who had participated in the Heavenly Connection Meet, were all there.

While he still couldn’t confirm whether the other party had left, no matter how much Tang Yonghao, who had also clashed with that masked Martial Grandmaster, trusted Huang Jie he would definitely also have performed the most basic verification.

With Huang Jie being so undisturbed, and some people having tied him down, his suspicion could already be greatly reduced.

Scanning the surroundings, while Yan Zhaoge did so in a casual fashion, he was actually appraising the Martial Grandmasters whose cultivation level were similar to that masked man’s.

Actually, amongst those currently present, it was still very hard to say that there were no spies of the Decimating Abyss Organisation here.

After all, not all Decimating Abyss martial practitioners chose to fall to the dark side.

Within the heavens and earth of the devilish domain, it was indeed easy to stir one’s devilish thoughts, resulting in that person, out of greed for a moment’s pleasure, completely falling.

However, this was not a definite thing.

‘You can know one’s face but you can never know one’s mind’-this phrase could be perfectly put to play here. Not falling to the dark side, even if a person’s heart was filled with devilish intent, as long as it was concealed well enough, bystanders would not be able to see through him easily.

As long as there were no witnesses, even if this person had secretly killed another and then disposed of the corpse, he would still be able to openly walk out to meet the others following the incident.

It was instead fallen practitioners who, after having completely fallen, were greatly different from how they were usually; with their having fallen being hard to conceal, the fallen practitioners had basically extinguished all hope of being able to continue concealing themselves.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t dare to confirm that there was definitely no way for someone to turn back into a human after having fallen to the dark side in this world, but the possibility of this was much too low.

In comparison, suppressing themselves to keep from completely falling was a more possible choice for those who concealed themselves.

Just like Elder Mo and the others in the incident of Clear Concealed Lake earlier.

“Am I worrying too much over nothing?” Yan Zhaoge pondered within his heart, “That Martial Grandmaster who ambushed me, was he not a concealed spy? After all, from the looks of it, he had already fallen for quite some time, rather than recently.”

“Thinking about it, he should be one of the Decimating Abyss operatives usually concealed in the Earth Domain.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Covering himself up so tightly, also not executing the martial arts he was most proficient in, without catching him on the spot, it would be completely impossible to see through his identity. Who would know who he was? Having fallen, he would instead be a more obvious target.”

“If it was not to conceal his identity, why then did he not display the martial arts that he was most proficient in?”

Yan Zhaoge replayed the scene of that time in his mind, “When he was clashing with the three of us, the sword arts and the palm arts that he employed were actually already quite profound. However, when comparing it to his cultivation base, although he may have spent much time on those arts, it is certain that he was not the most proficient in them.”

Thinking for a time, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes then narrowed slightly into slits, “I feel like there’s more to this than I can see…”

“Zhaoge has achieved a remarkable feat once again; completely extraordinary,” As Fang Zhun’s elegant voice resounded by his ear, Yan Zhaoge kept his thoughts, smiling as he answered, “It was by the luck of the heavens; second apprentice-uncle overpraises me.”

Fang Zhun shook his head, “No, you did very well. If not for you suddenly coming out of nowhere as an unknown factor, the Decimating Abyss would very possibly have succeeded this time.”

“If the Great Nine Underworlds Door opened, wanting to close it would then be extremely difficult.”

Yan Zhaoge asked, “Why didn’t Pavilion Lord An of Turbid Wave Pavilion rush over in time? Did the Fire Devils cause trouble in the East Sea?”

Fang Zhun replied, “That’s right. It should have been people of the Decimating Abyss consorting with the Flame Devil World to act in concert, causing us to face attacks from both the front and the back.”

“Not just Turbid Wave Pavilion’s Pavilion Lord An, Jade Sea City’s City Lord Song and the Chief of the Heavenly Thunder Hall hurried over to the East Sea as well.”

“Also, things were also stirred up in the Earth Domain, with our clan and Infinite Boundless Mountain jointly suppressing it.”

Fang Zhun described the events that had transpired, as this time’s incident at Clear Concealed Lake seemed like a sudden, standalone incident, but actually involved many things, “Here at Clear Concealed Lake, after some urgent communication, it was finally decided that the Sacred Sun Clan’s Huang Xu would come over with the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “Then, where is he?”

Fang Zhun’s expression turned solemn, “The Devil Saint appeared, attacking and obstructing Huang Xu and the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head slightly, “The Devil Saint ah…”

In the current Eight Extremities World, the known, confirmed Martial Saints numbered six.

The Sacred Sun Clan’s Grand Elder, the East Coming Martial Saint, ‘The Sun Comes East’ Huang Guanglie.

Jade Sea City’s City Lord, the Jade Sea Martial Saint, ‘Surging Hundred Thousand Feet’ Song Wuliang.

Turbid Wave Pavilion’s Pavilion Lord, the Roiling Cloud Martial Saint, ‘Turbid Wave Roiling Cloud’ An Qinglin.

The Chief of the Heavenly Thunder Hall, the Green Thunder Martial Saint, ‘Shocking Thunder All Round’ Chen Li.

As well as the clanless, sectless Painting Saint and Demonic Saint.

Of the two, the Painting Saint, Old Man Mo, was currently the oldest longtime expert confirmed as still being in this world.

When Broad Creed Mountain’s exalted Hantian Zhan Dongge and Heaven Diviner Zhan Xilou had still been alive in the past, Old Man Mo’s fame had already shook the world, all the way up till now.

This old man usually resided beyond the seas, not asking about worldly matters, not getting involved in conflicts. Most of the time, his existence completely could not be felt.

It was only when the Flame Devil World was pressing them rather closely that this old man would appear, helping the other experts of the human race to defeat the invading Fire Devils.

Comparatively speaking, Elder Mo was above worldly comparisons, and Broad Creed Mountain, the Sacred Sun Clan and the other major powers would also not provoke him lightly.

Meanwhile, the Devil Saint Yuan Tian was eccentric and unreasonable, acting arbitrarily as he liked, yet his cultivation was high, and his destructive power extremely strong.

His relationship with the six great Sacred Grounds was extremely terrible, as he usually just did as he liked, his joy and anger unpredictable. Since he was extremely hard to catch as he well he was a great headache for all.

Yan Zhaoge had previously privately and secretly analysed a battle between the Devil Saint and another. Through the description of spectators and the person himself, he had discovered that the Devil Saint Yuan Tian had most likely obtained some legacies left behind after the Great Calamity, gradually forming his current martial path.

Pursuing it to its root, it seemed to have the shadow of the devilish dao heavyweight of before the Great Calamity, the Capricious Devil Clan behind it.

“Devil Saint Yuan Tian-is he related to the Decimating Abyss? Or is it that the Decimating Abyss was single-handedly founded by Yuan Tian from the start?” Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips a little, “In my impression…Yuan Tian likes to move on his own, going about doing things himself.”

Fang Zhun said, “Whatever the reason Yuan Tian helped the Decimating Abyss to attack and obstruct Huang Xu and the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler, we are still unable to properly make a judgment on it now. However, to be on the safe side, it is still better not to treat it as a one-off incident, and take measures against Yuan Tian making a move once more in the future.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Second apprentice-uncle’s words make sense.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “This time, things have temporarily reached a close. The aftercare of Clear Concealed Lake should be left to Turbid Wave Pavilion to deal with themselves. Speaking of it, their losses were the most tragic, one of their two great Elders being a spy, finally having been decimated, the other having died in battle.”

Shaking his head, Fang Zhun continued, “Regarding the Decimating Abyss and the Nine Underworlds, there will still be much continuation, which will have to be slowly discussed. Now, let us first return to the mountain.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded in affirmation, “I understand.”

Fang Zhun suddenly smiled, “This time, the clan will definitely reward you heavily once more.”

“Originally, I still said that it would only require a few years for the people of this world to no longer see you, Zhaoge, only as the son of junior apprentice-brother Yan, instead seeing you for your own worth.”

“I had never thought that I had still underestimated you. From this day forth, your fame shall be known across the entire world, with no one lacking knowledge of it.”