Chapter 1501 - Unexpected Rewards

Under the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ palm, even the Great King of Inspiration, a Grand Heavenly Immortal, couldn’t escape from its grasp.

Being crushed by the very same palm, it erased all traces of existences left behind by He Mian.

The colossal demonic claw didn’t just stop there. Instead, he continued pressing forward, crushing the Immortal Palaces into ruination.

Yan Zhaoge stared at the Immortal Palace in front of him. With a snicker, he lifted his Ru Yi Golden Cudgel again, which then came crashing down!

Another corner of the Immortal Court’s Immortal Palace was obliterated, causing the entire palace to seem dilapidated.

The casualties of the Immortal Court’s cultivators were innumerable.

Among these casualties included prodigious youthful individuals who presented promising potentials.

Despite being of the Immortal Court, as long as one’s talent wasn’t too shabby, they would have hopes of ascending to a higher cultivation realm as long as they were reinforced with the treasured lights imbued with faith power.

However, as Yan Zhaoge’s weapon came crashing down, turning everything into ruins, these promising individuals were all buried in history, with no traces left to commemorate them.

The giant Demon Monkey turned his head and looked at the void in which the Immortal Door, the white lotus, and other bizarre phenomena appeared. Then, he looked in the direction where the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit left and finally retracted his weapon.

He stomped on the ground, instantly causing another part of the Immortal Court’s territories to collapse. Then, he somersaulted and flew far away, leaving the Immortal Court’s cosmos and disappearing by the void’s vast and boundless outskirts.

After entering the void’s boundless outskirts, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens continued on a little further. Then, his body shook, and the gold radiances being emitted around his body were separated into three.

Yan Zhaoge, his North Ocean Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan had all appeared.

Gold radiances were flickering atop the North Ocean Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan. Then, like a waterfall, they came crashing down onto the tattoos on the three’s shoulders.

The gold radiances disappeared, causing the suffocating malign Demonic qi, which permeated the universe to disperse.

The three were currently deeply fatigued. Their expressions were filled with exhaustion, and their auras became weak.

“Finally, we managed to execute the traitor who betrayed Daoist Nie and Daoist Yu.” Albeit being extremely fatigued, Xu Fei still put on a smile on his face.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu, you all should rest first. Leave the rest to me.”

Xu Fei nodded and shut his eyes.

Pan-Pan had already rolled into a ball and was already snoring in his slumber.

Yan Zhaoge waved his sleeves, keeping the three within. Then, he continued on his journey.

Yan Zhaoge was also carrying another huge fella with him.

The weapon of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, the bonafide Ru Yi Golden Cudgel!

In the past, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens was being suppressed under the Five Elements Mountain, causing Traveling Monk Sun to be split from him. Then, Monk Sanzang heeded the Gautama Buddha’s pointers and released the Traveling Monk Sun, while the Great Sage Equalling Heavens was still being suppressed.

When Traveling Monk Sun left, he brought the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel along with him.

During their pilgrimage journey, countless ruthless demon beasts had perished under this weapon, leaving behind a sanguinary trail of bloodshed in its wake.

After Traveling Monk Sun attained Buddhism enlightenment and transformed into the Victorious Fighting Buddha, this weapon was kept by him, rarely being in the spotlight any longer.

Today, he was forced to use this weapon once again. Only by using this treasure’s might, was he able to escape from danger.

However, this weapon whose name was infamously renowned had fallen into the hands of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens that Yan Zhaoge harnessed.

From a certain point of view, this could be classified as a lost item being returned to its owner.

Just by dragging this huge fellow, Yan Zhaoge felt a massive weight pulling him down.

This could almost be considered as one of the heaviest treasures he had come in contact with.

With Yan Zhaoge’s current cultivation, his strength alone could contend against numerous Virtual Immortals. However, this weapon still felt extremely uncomfortable in his hands. Even bringing it along with him was a drag, let alone using it.

“This accursed thirteen thousand and five hundred catties.” Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes, “As expected of the Heavenly River’s Divine Suppression Iron.”

Heavenly River, the boundless astronomical river which countless stars were undulating within.

The operational force released by a star alone was already incredibly majestic, to begin with, not to mention countless stars operating at the same time.

The cudgel was an existence able to suppress this Heavenly River, preventing any upheavals from occurring. There was no doubt about how heavy it was.

Moreover, this treasure’s marvelousness wasn’t limited to its weight alone.

Even since its emergence, it wreaked havoc in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, fought against countless Demons during the pilgrimage, and inflicted casualties upon countless top-notch experts. It was undoubtedly one of the most ruthless weapons in the entire world with how much vengeance and blood it consumed.

Now, without its master’s behest, its ruthlessness had been retracted to a minimal level. However, when Yan Zhaoge came in contact with this divine iron, he still felt his emotions fluctuating.

As such, while he was dissing some legends in his memories, he was still happy that he could retrieve such a valuable weapon.

He already possessed the Golden body of the Great Sage. Pairing it together with this Ru Yi Golden Cudgel would undoubtedly increase his mightiness.

This was something that Yan Zhaoge never expected to obtain before coming to the Immortal Court.

Killing He Mian, the Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch, and the others were Yan Zhaoge’s original goal. The failure of killing them would result in the inability of his conquest.

As for this Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, it was an additional reward obtained after achieving his original goal.

Although it was still inconvenient for him to maneuver the Golden Body of the Great Sage, Yan Zhaoge could think of doing some things he dared not think of in the past with the two combined.

“Nine Underworlds, Immortal Court…” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes and let out a long sigh.

Many emotions emerged from his calm gaze as if a considerable commotion was occurring below a calm sea surface.

While paying close attention to his surroundings, Yan Zhaoge continued his advancement back to the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

Xu Fei and the other two weren’t the only ones deeply exhausted. After using the Grand Commencement Divine Finger’s One Prana Three Clears to fuse the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sages, Yan Zhaoge also suffered from huge depletion of his energy.

Being in such a condition, he had to be extra wary of his enemies in case someone decided to take advantage of his fatigues.

“

Oh?

” As he continued his advancement, Yan Zhaoge’s complex changed slightly.

He turned his head and saw brilliant sunlight shining from the dark void in the distance.

He watched the sunlight approach him expressionlessly. In his heart, Yan Zhaoge was already aware that the sunlight belonged to the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han.

The sunlight faded, causing a teenager in white to appear.

The white-clothed teenager looked at Yan Zhaoge, his expression filled with helplessness. He sighed and said, “As expected of you, Young Heavenly Lord. You’re always able to create commotions which no ordinary people dared imagine.”

While Gao Han’s habit of sounding sincere, his mention of the title “Young Heavenly Lord” had lost its sense of jeer.

“Surely you jest, Exalted Solar Luminary.” Yan Zhaoge plainly said, “However, may I ask why you have appeared now? Are you here to welcome me or to find fault on me?”

Gao Han remained silent for a moment. Then, he smiled and said, “Of course, I dare not find fault on you for everything. You seem to have arranged someone else to escort you and don’t need me to overstep my boundaries.”

As the two conversed, a sword-light shone from the other side of the void.

Within the sword-light, a woman in green was gradually approaching them, accompanied by an ancient sword wreathed around in dark qis. Gao Qingxuan had arrived along with the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.