Chapter 1502 - The Strongest Lineage

Gao Qingxuan was currently still injured, and her cultivation wasn’t as high as Gao Han. However, as long as she had the Immortal Slaughtering Sword accompanying her, her presence shan’t be underestimated.

Gao Han looked at Gao Qingxuan and turned to Yan Zhaoge, “Between the brawl of the heretics, the Immortal Court was already in a disadvantageous situation, to begin with. After receiving such a heavy blow, the balance had been destroyed. In fact, they might not be able to hold up much longer.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t reply to him, and his expression had no changes.

He still approved of Gao Han’s judgment.

After he killed the Great King of Inspiration, the Immortal Court lost yet another Grand Heavenly Immortal.

While it merely seemed like the Immortal Court’s numbers of Grand Heavenly Realm had gone back from nine to eight, their losses weren’t just limited to that alone.

Other than the Great King of Inspiration, who was in the Grand Heavenly Realm, when accounting in the Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch, the Immortal Court had lost more than ten Grand Virtual Immortals.

This was a considerable loss that couldn’t possibly be compensated for within a short amount of time.

There was no need to mention the other Profound Immortals, True Immortals, or those beneath this cultivation level.

Moreover, there was another major issue. Nearly half of the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace was destroyed by the Great Sage Equalling Heavens harnessed by Yan Zhaoge.

Other than the number of casualties, it also dealt an immense blow to the Immortal Court’s reputation, which directly affected their faith powers.

While the Immortal Palace resided by the Nine Skies, the destruction which Yan Zhaoge had caused was still fully displayed to all the living beings residing by the Immortal Court’s Immortal Territories.

While they couldn’t see the details, the fact that the Immortal Court couldn’t stop Yan Zhaoge from leaving after receiving such heavy blows was presented very clearly.

If they could capture or kill Yan Zhaoge, they would still have the possibility of covering up their shameful display.

After all, those on the “ground” couldn’t possibly go up to the “sky” to witness the Immortal Palace, which had turned into ruins.

However, in the end, after destroying the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace, Yan Zhaoge left just like that.

This placed the Immortal Court’s experts into an awkward position.

Just thinking about how they had to comfort the middle-lower class citizens on the ground surface to maintain the supply of faith power gave them enough of a headache.

Today’s battle would very likely shake the foundations of their governance.

Other than the number of top-notch experts reducing, the entire Immortal Court was weakened and shakened.

Under such a situation, the Immortal Court, which was already at a disadvantage against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, had sunk into a much uglier situation.

Initially, the Immortal Court had already stabilized their situation and were continuously trying to reclaim the Eight Hundred Immortal Territories colonized by the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

However, right now, they might usher in yet another dire situation. In fact, they even had the possibility of being re-invaded by the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, causing them to lose thoroughly.

No matter if it was Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, or Gao Han, they were both willing to watch the Immortal Court heretics being forced into such dreadful situations.

However, with how broad their horizons were, they knew that if the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus thoroughly oppressed the Immortal Court, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race would grow even stronger. As a result, the situation might turn unfavorable to the Three Clear Lineage successors.

Perhaps, they won’t think of massacring those from orthodox Daoism so quickly.

However, suppressing orthodox Daoism’s development and hindering their momentum of growth would become a lot easier.

With the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court deterring each other, Yan Zhaoge and the others would have a much easier time moving about. On the other hand, if one of them managed to gain dominance over the other party, they could focus on orthodox Daoism, increasing the pressure.

“Young Heavenly Lord almost replicated the same mightiness displayed by the Great Sage Equalling Heavens in the past. Moreover, the Immortal Extermination Formation had resurfaced into the world as well. They’re all feats worth congratulating for. However, our brethren are still carrying heavy responsibilities, and our path is still a long way ahead,” said Gao Han calmly.

“What you said is indeed correct. Naturally, I will reflect on my actions.” Yan Zhaoge calmly said, “However, some things must be done, and some people must die.”

“Otherwise, I might as well return to the World beyond Worlds and heed the North Star Emperor’s orders along with the Exalted Earth Luminary.”

Gao Han laughed and said, “Young Heavenly Lord’s words truly struck my nerve.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “You jest. I understand that you have your points of considerations. However, when fulfilling your tasks, try not to let others misunderstand your intentions.”

“Of course, I hope to work together with my brethren.” Gao Han smiled and said, “After all, we all have the same goal in mind.”

Gao Qingxuan said calmly, “Hopefully.”

“If that’s the case, I shall bid my farewell for now.” Gao Han cupped his hands, “A huge turmoil might be awaiting us. Preparations for these ordeals would be ideal.”

Then, his figure transformed into a clump of sunlight and disappeared into the distance by the dark void.

Watching Gao Han leave, Yan Zhaoge softly said, “For a moment, my desire to kill him almost overwhelmed me.”

Gao Qingxuan’s expression remained calm, “Those who know him would experience the same thing. In fact, having such desire more than once isn’t all that uncommon.”

“Senior Gao, let us depart.” Yan Zhaoge let out a soft sigh, “Slaying He Mian and the Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch was for the sake of senior apprentice-brother Nie and senior apprentice-sister Yu.”

“However, this is just the beginning.” His gaze turned sharp again.

Gao Qingxuan nodded slowly and didn’t say anything else. She merely said, “Let’s go.”

She assisted Yan Zhaoge in lifting that piece of divine iron. Then, they both transformed into dark-red sword-lights and disappeared into the boundless void.

As they returned to the Awakened Sky Cosmos, they hid their traces to prevent leaving their tracks behind.

Outside, information and intels were being passed on to other places.

Suo Mingzhang, the Incongruence Divine Mother, and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor were originally contending against the other Great Demons like the Roc of Ten Thousand Great Miles.

After getting wind of Yan Zhaoge’s appearance in the Immortal Court along with the Golden Body of the Great Sage, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ first reaction was to rush toward the Immortal Court.

Suo Mingzhang and the other Daoism bigwig experts hindered his path, which led to the outbreak of another war.

The two sides fought fiercely, and no victor had been decided even until now.

However, according to some other sources, the Buddhist experts from the Western Pure Lands were secretly in surveillance from the sidelines.

With the pressure coming from a third party, the two sides couldn’t bear to fight to the death and decide a victor.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were slightly relieved.

The continuous battle had caused them great exhaustion. They deeply required time to recover.

After returning to the Awakened Sky Cosmos, other than focusing on his recovery, Yan Zhaoge’s attention was mainly placed on Yu Ye.

Her current situation was even worse compared to Ying Yuzhen back then.

Yan Zhaoge had to study her injuries in detail before he could think of a countermeasure.

Gao Qingxuan and Long Xingquan were also injured to a harmful degree. However, they accompanied Yan Zhaoge in treating Yu Ye.

Everything in the Awakened Sky Cosmos had finally returned to normal.

In other places, the havoc that Yan Zhaoge incited in the Immortal Court continued spreading its influences.

The Exalted Lunar Luminary, who had yet to recover fully, asked Gao Han the moment she saw him, “Did the Immortal Court not make preparations when accepting He Mian?”

“A Grand Heavenly Immortal presided over the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace along with nine Grand Virtual Immortals. They utilized their geographical advantage. The Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit even came along.” Gao Han praised.

After hearing his words, Ling Qing remained silent for a long while. Then, he softly said, “Right now, among our orthodox Daoism, they should be considered the strongest lineage.”