Chapter 1508 - New Trump Cards

Since a long time ago, Yan Zhaoge had been thinking about this problem.

The best way would naturally be to increase his strength.

If he were strong enough, no one in the world would pose troubles to him.

However, many things can’t be accomplished overnight.

It was just like Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei, Pan-Pan, and even Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone. Why they had seemingly received a colossal benefit and seemed to have transcended to the peak, such boosts still had their limits.

Moreover, there might even be some underlying troubles behind them.

Most of the time, they couldn’t afford to be impatient. Ultimately, the basics of cultivating – accumulation through time were still inevitable.

Only, their opponents wouldn’t give them the luxury of doing so.

Yan Zhaoge understood the concept of attacking while his foes were unprepared, but his opponents were aware of it too.

The so-called “time and tide waits for no man” usually stemmed from here.

All the previous matters were just an example.

Yan Zhaoge himself had caught the Immortal Court and the Western Pure Lands off guard.

His opponents didn’t expect him to possess three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, which possessed the Virtual Immortal Peak Realm. Moreover, they didn’t expect the amalgamation of the three Golden Bodies, which would in turn manifest the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ actual Demonic physique.

In the end, the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit that interfered fled away, the heretic Heavenly Immortal – the Great King of Inspiration whose name became well-renowned during the Middle era perished, and half of the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace had crumbled.

It wasn’t just a Heavenly Immortal and a few Virtual Immortals that had perished. Through the havoc Yan Zhaoge created, the Immortal Court’s governance foundations were crumbling.

If they didn’t deal with it carefully, the gloating Blessed Lands of the White Lotus might instantly cause the Immortal Court’s troops’ demise.

The havoc that Yan Zhaoge caused had the same impact as Suo Mingzhang killing four Immortal Court Heavenly Lords in the past.

These two consecutive heavy blows inflicted one injury upon another, thoroughly harming their structure.

The balance of prowess between the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court had already lost its balance.

Facing this situation, the Western Pure Lands supported the Immortal Court and provided aid in the counterattack.

Mahamayuri reappeared within the world, becoming the pillar of the Immortal Court’s saving grace. He deterred the group of Demon Race Grand Heavenly Realm experts, preventing them from taking any actions.

Previously, due to Yan Zhaoge’s sudden attack, the entire Immortal Court’s situation had changed drastically.

Kong Xuan alone helped the Immortal Court turn the tides over, returning the situation to the Immortal Court’s favor.

Under his support, the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhist Bhantes could assist the Immortal Court in fending off the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race.

Yan Zhaoge believed not only would the Immortal Court not suffer from this, but they might also even incite a counterattack.

Under the circumstances that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Maitreya Buddha were holding each other back, if the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus couldn’t secure an effective method to deal with Kong Xuan’s five-colored divine flashes of brilliance, the Immortal Court’s counterattack might even allow them to reclaim the Eight Hundred Immortal Territories as well as the myriad of worlds being conquered by their foes.

As for any further spoils of war, that would depend on the price they paid for summoning Kong Xuan.

The ceasing of Kong Xuan’s attacks implied that the Immortal Court’s advantage would come to an end, and they would have to retract their troops.

After all, through Suo Mingzhang and Yan Zhaoge’s attacks, the Immortal Court’s vitality was extensively damaged, and they weren’t on par with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus any longer.

If the Demon Race and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had methods to deal with Kong Xuan, everything would turn out differently.

However, right now, Mahamayuri’s deterrence and influence remained. If no Dao Realm experts take any form of action, no one would be capable of contending against him.

“Speaking of it, The Demon Race originally had the capabilities of dealing with Kong Xuan.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “Such a pity…”

Rather than feeling pity for the Demon Race, Yan Zhaoge was feeling more pity for himself.

The amalgamation of the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, which manifested the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, caused extreme depletion of stamina toward its casters. Hence, it could only be maintained for a short amount of time.

Whether they could deal with Mahamayuri within such a short amount of time was uncertain.

Besides, there was no point thinking about it now. After inciting the havoc within the Immortal Court, Yan Zhaoge and the others deeply required time for recovery.

After making his move, and his foes made their counterattacks, he was left drained of energy to act any further.

Yan Zhaoge felt deep repulsiveness toward this feeling.

He had countless ways to comfort himself. For example, he could convince himself that he had done enough, especially when facing these old Demons on antiquity and the bigshots among the Grand Heavenly Realm. However, to Yan Zhaoge, these comforts were practically pointless.

Since he had already reached this level, only more similar circumstances would arise.

The key would be the methods of solving these problems.

As such, the most important thing that Yan Zhaoge had to consider was to increase his strength.

The assistance provided by the Martial Repository was gradually diminishing. Other than his cultivation, he had to think of other trump cards in different categories.

Just like his gamble beneath the Five Elements Mountains, where he managed to acquire the Golden Body of the Great Sage after assisting the Great Sage Equalling Heavens in his escape.

Otherwise, he wouldn’t have the capabilities of causing havoc within the Immortal Court, killing He Mian despite facing three Grand Heavenly Realm experts, all for the sake of seeking revenge for Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye.

Without the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage backing him, he would only be overwhelmed by his opponents even with his gallant hot-bloodedness. Even if he went to the Immortal Court, it would only result in self-humiliation.

Of course, having more trump cards like this would be for the best.

Only, it wasn’t easy.

In truth, from Yan Zhaoge’s perspective, the knowledge acquired from the Martial Repository wasn’t completely obsolete or useless.

While this was still a great weapon of his, it was acting more as a foundation.

Other than a few existences, the matters in the world were continuously being developed. From ancient times to the present, more and more new inventions were being manifested.

Throughout Yan Zhaoge’s journey, he could triumph over others using the knowledge acquired from the Martial Repository because the opponents he faced were more or less affected by the stagnation of civilization after the Great Calamity.

In other words, Yan Zhaoge, who browsed through the Martial Repository’s archives when the world’s martial arts, were still flourishing wildly. Those born after the Great Calamity were like primitive, obsolete, and underdeveloped “older generations.”

However, Yan Zhaoge didn’t feel that he was free from any troubles.

To him, the Great Calamity at that time left a deep impression on him, which constantly gave him a great sense of danger.

The closer he was to approach the truth, the stronger this feeling of danger.

As such, since a long time ago, Yan Zhaoge had always been seeking newer innovations using the Martial Repository’s archives as his foundations.

His past actions proved that his talent in this field was quite decent, which resulted in him acquiring an abundance of rewards.

The Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual that resulted in the Primordial Heart Devil’s suffering was among one of them.

Now, he was experimenting with another opportunity to acquire another one of these rewards.

Yan Zhaoge stood up and first laid down a complex formation around his room. Then, he placed a talisman in the middle of the formation.

Standing at the edge of the formation, he walked in accordance with the talisman’s position with lightning speed.

After this cycle continued for ninety-eight hours, only did Yan Zhaoge come to a stop.

While he seemed exhausted, he still had a look of satisfaction.

Countless mysterious inscriptions appeared on the talisman placed in the middle of the formation.

“Ah Hu.” Yan Zhaoge summoned.

The figure of a colossal hunk quickly appeared in front of him, “Yes?”

Yan Zhaoge took the talisman and placed it onto Ah Hu’s hand, “Send this talisman to the Roving Jade Heavens. After meeting Senior Gao, ask her to stick it on the Immortal Slaughtering Sword for forty-nine days.”