Chapter 1507 - Yan Zhaoge’S Sense Of Urgency

Upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Yan Di and Xue Chuqing looked at him with curiosity.

“It’s the usual technique. Either we weaken our opponents or strengthen ourselves.” Yan Zhaoge explained, “If we want to weaken the enemy, then we should think of ways to fend off Mahamayuri’s five-colored divine flashes of brilliance.”

Without the five-colored divine flashes of brilliance, no matter how strong Kong Xuan was, he wouldn’t achieve his previous domineering might, which came very close to that of a Dao Realm.

If his five-colored divine flashes of brilliance couldn’t be broken through, Kong Xuan was practically unrivaled beneath the Dao Realm.

Hardly any methods could be used to contend against him. His five-colored divine flashes of brilliance rendered all artifacts useless, giving him the capabilities to triumph over all his foes. Not to mention Daoism’s current lack of manpower, even if countless experts gathered ally, numbers still won’t be effective against him.

The group of Demon Race Great Sages had already proved this theory.

The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles relied on his unparalleled speed advantage to barely form a fragile balance against Kong Xuan.

However, this was under the premise where Kong Xuan had to assist in protecting the Immortal Court.

If nothing was holding him back, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles could never hope to hold him back. If Kong Xuan desired to go somewhere, those beneath the Dao Realm who dared obstruct him would instantly be captured by his five-colored divine flashes of brilliance.

“Other than the Dao Realm bigwigs, disintegrating Mahamayuri’s five-colored divine flashes of brilliance requires astronomical preparations.” Yan Zhaoge spread his hands, “The few protective artifacts in the myths are now all lost, with their whereabouts remaining unknown to the world.”

Xue Chuqing murmured, “However, increasing our strength isn’t an easy feat either. Such things wouldn’t just happen overnight.”

She looked toward her husband and son, “The two of you are already considered as the pioneers of prodigies, yet you both more or less require time to accumulate your cultivations.”

“That’s right.” Yan Zhaoge first nodded and then shook his head, “However, other than our cultivation, there are still other ways.”

Xue Chuqing thoughtfully stared at Yan Zhaoge, “Are you talking about the Prime Clear’s side…”

“That’s right, the Immortal Extermination Formation!” Yan Zhaoge chuckled and said, “No matter how strong Mahamayuri’s five-colored divine flashes of brilliance are, his fate of death shall be met if he dares enter the Immortal Extermination Formation!”

Previously, thanks to the revival of the Water and Earth Devil, Yan Zhaoge and the others had been fighting against the Nine Underworlds’ Devils.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye ended up in the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s burial spot and inherited his legacy.

Due to the difference of time flow between the burial spot and the outside world, Yu Ye was able to cultivate the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture and even memorize the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Later, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye wielded the Immortal Slaughtering Sword to aid Yan Zhaoge and the others, with their dramatical arrival after the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s appearance.

Previously, due to how dire the situation was, everyone was busy fighting against their enemies. Even Yan Zhaoge wasn’t able to have a conversation with Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye. He wasn’t able to hear them narrating what they had experienced or inform them regarding the death of the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying.

However, to fight against the Victorious Fighting Buddha in the Grand Heavenly Realm, Yu Ye was still able to pass the Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprint to Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge and Daoist Cloud Conquest were the most proficient in handling formations in the Sky beyond Skies and the Roving Jade Heavens.

The Immortal Extermination Formation’s extraterrestrial profundities were so great that even Yan Zhaoge had to study it intently and slowly.

Of course, with the Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprint in his hands, the things that he could do now seemed promising.

“Only, we can’t fulfill the requirements of having four Grand Heavenly Realm Prime Clear Heavenly Immortals.” Xue Chuqing pondered for a moment and said, “If we were to fight against Mahamayuri, letting Virtual Immortals lay down the formation would result in nothing but failure.”

She looked toward Yan Zhaoge, “Unless if we can gather all Immortal Exterminating Four Swords, and lay down the complete Immortal Extermination Formation!”

The Immortal Exterminating Four Swords that she mentioned weren’t the Prime Clear’s four great supreme sword arts. Instead, they were the bonafide divine swords like the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, whose names were well-renowned even during the Ancient era for their merciless killings.”

Even with just a single sword alone in full activation, it would become a tool of carnage that would only leave sanguinary trails in its wake.

If all four swords were gathered together, and the Immortal Extermination Sword Formation was laid down, the mightiness of the number-one massacring formation in history would reappear within the world once again.

“Right now, we only have the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, with the other three’s whereabouts still unknown. Is it possible that you have some clues already?” Xue Chuqing thought of something and asked Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned solemn, “I do have some thoughts regarding the Immortal Extermination Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword. However, the Immortal Ending Sword would have to be placed at the very back.”

“Of course, if we already have the three swords in possession, locating the last sword wouldn’t pose many difficulties anymore.”

Yan Di and Xue Chuqing were surprised, “If everything results in success, that would naturally be for the best. However, it’s best if you be careful of anyone stalking your actions, in case someone else snatches all your efforts away.”

“Alright, I’ll remain cautious.” Yan Zhaoge answered, “At present, what I have in mind are merely some preliminary ideas. If I truly want these ideas to come into fruition, I still have many others things to prepare for.”

After bidding farewell to Yan Di and Xue Chuqing, Yan Zhaoge returned to his living place.

If he could gather the Immortal Extermination Four Swords and reanimate the Immortal Extermination Formation, it would undoubtedly benefit his side greatly.

However, the difficulty which he faced was self-explationary.

It wasn’t just the difficulties faced when finding the treasured swords. It also involved the movements of his opponents.

His opponents weren’t going to sit idle and let the complete Immortal Extermination Formation being reanimated.

This would involve the contest of many forces.

Yan Zhaoge sat in a lotus position in his room. While contemplating the current situation, he was also considering his plan.

Now, he had to be more and more cautious.

The fogs in front of his eyes were gradually disappearing. The more he came in contact with the characters of the legends, the more truth buried within the dusts of histories were being uncovered.

The information in his grasp gradually became richer, while his opponents were becoming far different from the past.

Placing the few Dao Realm bigwigs aside, Kong Xuan, the Dipankara Archaic buddha, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit or even the Nine-Headed Great Sage, the Primordial Heart Devil, and the others were all considered as big shots within the historical legends.

Among them included the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the North Star Emperor, and the Incongruence Divine Mother. They were all bigwig experts whose names were well-renowned throughout history.

Unlike the White Deer Devil or Li Xingba and the others whose cultivation were still considerably low, those Grand Heavenly Realm experts not only contained profuse strength. Even the amount of information within their grasp shouldn’t be underestimated.

Yan Zhaoge was aware that ever since his reincarnation in the Eight Extremities Worlds, there were many reasons which contributed to his current success. However, one undeniable factor was the period he spent as the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Martial Repository hall spirit. He was given the opportunity to read through countless scriptures in the archives before the Great Calamity.

The things he read through weren’t just limited to the varieties of supreme martial arts. It also included the knowledge of other subsidiaries and the formulas for alchemy and refining pills. In fact, he had also came in contact with many seemingly insignificant gossips and rumors.

All of this ended up broadening Yan Zhaoge’s knowledge, allowing him to triumph over most of his opponents.

This was the reason why many would have complex feelings at their loss and die feeling confused.

However, as Yan Zhaoge progressed further and further, his opponents slowly became stronger and stronger. His opponents even included some existences even older than the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

As such, the advantage given to him by the Martial Repository was slowly diminishing.

Under such circumstances, what should Yan Zhaoge do?