Chapter 1506 - Experience Suffering Despite Doing Nothing

Facing Yan Zhaoge’s gaze, Yan Di and Xue Chuqing remained silent for a moment.

At that moment, more intel was transmitted from the outside world.

After more than twenty years had elapsed, the Immortal Court’s experts finally descended upon the dao universe once again!

This time, their targets were the World beyond Worlds and all the lower worlds under the governance of the World beyond Worlds.

“Mahamayuri held back all the Great Demons alone, giving more freedom for the Western Pure Lands’ manpower. As a result, they could freely assist the Immortal Court in fending off the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.” Yan Zhaoge let out a long sigh, “The heretics of the Immortal Court then deployed some manpower toward the dao universe’s World beyond Worlds.”

Yan Di’s expression turned stern, “They intend to illuminate the people of the World beyond Worlds and devour all the dao universe’s resources to their benefits?”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and looked toward the Purple Divine Pavilion’s ceiling, “To them, the most valuable spoil of war is someone.”

“I heard that the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen had returned to the Five Qis Unifications Realm?” Yan Di and Xue Chuqing looked at each other.

“That’s right.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Under normal circumstances, I can’t be too sure how far Jiang Shen can proceed to. However, if he were illuminated to become a heretic, he would have hopes of ascending to the Grand Heavenly Realm. In fact, it won’t take too long, probably within a hundred years. After all, he has the foundations of our orthodox Three Clears Lineage.”

Yan Di and Xue Chuqing remained silent.

They both stood on opposing sides against Jiang Shen. They were enemies previously, and nothing had changed now. However, upon hearing this news, their emotions were filled with complexity.

“Since someone like Mahamayuri had already made his move, this implied that the Immortal Court and the Western Pure Lands could immediately launch their counterattacks. With the few Dao Ancestors holding each other back, Mahamayuri could permeate his dominance throughout the entire world.” Yan Di frowned and said, “Is there a need to illuminate the people from the World beyond Worlds, which would, in turn, benefit the Immortal Court?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “It is unknown why Mahamayuri decided to take action this time. We can’t be sure he would continue assisting the Immortal Court after this matter is over. After all, he originated from the Demon Race and had some deep bondings between some of the Great Demons. Otherwise, during the Middle era, he wouldn’t have remained in seclusion.”

After a short pause, he continued, “If Mahamayuri continued taking action, then we should pay close attention to the Nine Underworlds’ movements.”

“After all, way too few people beneath the Dao Realm could contend against Mahamayuri. The only exception is if there was a way to disperse the five-colored divine flashes of brilliance, like our Jade Clear lineage’s Earthly Yin Yang Apricot [1] Banner.”

Yan Zhaoge continued speaking as he was deep in thoughts.

Xue Chuqing asked, “Is there no news regarding the North Star Emperor in the dao universe?”

“None.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head.

“It seems like other than the heretics, the Western Pure Lands’ Buddha had also secretly infiltrated the dao universe.” Xue Chuqing sighed.

If nothing about the North Star Emperor was mentioned, he was being held back by someone else.

In the dao universe, although the Western Pure Lands’ Buddha never showed himself, he had assisted in some other way.

Without their assistance in fending off the North Star Emperor, the Immortal Court wouldn’t have such an easy time fulfilling their tasks.

“Illuminating the World beyond Worlds to replenish their manpower is just their secondary goal.” Yan Zhaoge softly said, “Other than Jiang Shen, there are no other Profound Immortal Sovereigns within the World beyond Worlds. As such, the heretics can’t replenish their numbers of Grand Virtual Immortals through this illumination.”

“Even if Jiang Shen could ascend to the Grand Heavenly Realm, he wouldn’t just reach it so quickly. After all, he’s not even at the Duo Flowers Converged Crown cultivation.”

He curled his lips, “If they can’t instantly gain victory through the counterattack on the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, then there’s one main issue they have to focus on – the destabilization of their faith power.”

“Through the mess you made, the Immortal Court’s reputation had been greatly damaged.” Yan Di nodded, “They intend to illuminate, or rather, proclaim their successful conquest of our Three Clear Lineage’s World beyond Worlds and the governed lower worlds to make up for their reputation.”

No matter how strong Mahamayuri was and how effective Mahamayuri was in saving the Immortal Court, only the higher-ups of the Immortal Court would be made aware of this. Such information was impossible to be passed down to the lower caste.

“Their actions also proved that Mahamayuri might take action just this once,” said Xue Chuqing in a deep tone.

Yan Zhaoge said, “There might be something behind his actions. However, it’s not something we can ponder as of now.”

He shook his head, “The Immortal Court’s tribulation might pass just like this, while the World beyond Worlds’ one is unavoidable.”

After the previous continuous battle against the Nine Underworlds’ Devils, the Daoism lineage’s vitality was more or less harmed and deeply required sufficient rest.

While the few Grand Heavenly Immortals might still be in good condition, they were being held back by the Western Pure Lands’ Lands of Buddhism.

As for the Awakened Sky Hall, they were already at the end of its tether.

This included Yan Zhaoge himself as well. By fusing the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, it greatly depleted his stamina and energy. After he could finally relax his tense self, he was often hit with fatigue and required time to recover from it slowly.

Similarly, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage couldn’t be unleashed anymore within a short amount of time.

Feng Yunsheng and Gao Qingxuan were all focusing on recovery. Those that previously laid down the Immortal Extermination Formation and experienced the backlash from the formation’s destruction were doing the same as well.

Hence, Yan Zhaoge and the others could only remain as spectators as the World beyond Worlds undergoes their fated calamity.

Yan Zhaoge and the other two looked at each other and let out a sigh.

The sufferings faced by the dao universe’s World beyond Worlds were related to the Awakened Sky Cosmos’ strengthening to a certain extent.

Due to the Elder Lord, other forces would never cut off the Three Clear Lineage’s legacy when deemed unnecessary.

While there might be battles incited, they were mostly targeted toward someone or some people. They would rarely involve the entire Three Clear Lineage.

Currently, the Awakened Sky Cosmos and the dao universe had been separated for so many years, and the two were of the Three Clear Lineage. If the two sides had thoroughly cut ties off, then even if one side’s legacy had been cut off, the Three Clear Lineage’s legacies would still be passed on.

To some extent, this was considered a kind of danger.

Only, the more dangerous one side was, the safer the other side would be.

The Awakened Sky Hall’s geographical advantage allowed them to hide away from the public’s search. Now that they were becoming stronger and stronger, they would, in turn, end up much safer.

With their positions becoming clearer and clearer, the dao universe, which seemed much weaker in comparison, would end up in a dangerous situation.

After Yan Zhaoge’s monkey transformation wreck chaos in the Immortal Court, the Immortal Court decided to vent their anger on the weaker side.

Typically speaking, the weakened Immortal Court wouldn’t even be able to deal with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, let alone taking revenge upon the Three Clear Lineage.

However, with the re-appearance of Mahamayuri, the Immortal Court was finally bestowed with such freedom.

As a result, a tragedy befell upon the World beyond Worlds.

“This time, the World beyond Worlds had suffered despite doing nothing,

huh?

” Yan Zhaoge let out a wry smile as he pinched his forehead.

“Without anyone capable of contending against Mahamayuri, this fated outcome becomes inevitable.” Without caring about Yan Zhaoge’s self-mockery, Yan Di said, “Ultimately, everything ended up like this because of one person. It affected not only us but also the Demon Race and the Buddhist heretics.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled faintly, “

Yeah.

It takes a strong blacksmith to make good steel. Fortunately, I already have a way of doing so.”

[1] Apricot as in color, not the fruit