Chapter 1503 - The Buddhas Of The West

“The strongest lineage?” Gao Han repeated her words and nodded with a smile, “Indeed. Suo Yanlong had taken their side. Moreover, since the Roving Jade Heavens practically advances and retreats together with the Sky beyond Skies, the Incongruence Divine Mother will take their side as well.”

“Even without Daoist Suo and the Incongruence Divine Mother, they could still reenact the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ mightiness in the past. Even if it only happened for a short while, it’s still shocking enough.” His tone was a mix of praise and sigh.

Ling Qing said, “Moreover, they even have Daoist Feng by their side. The Roving Jade Heavens’ Daoist Gao had also acquired the Immortal Extermination Formation and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.”

Gao Han supported his forehead with his hand, “While we’ve already expected it, don’t you think this speed of growth is far too quick?”

“We’ll have to report this to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor as soon as possible.” Ling Qing didn’t bother replying to him.

Gao Han nodded, “Naturally. Even the few Dao Ancestors were alarmed.”

At that time, he was very close to the Immortal Court’s grounds.

After Yan Zhaoge invaded the Immortal Court, Gao Han neither provided help nor left. Instead, he stayed by the outlines and watched everything unfold.

When the three Golden Body of the Great Sage amalgamated together, an even stronger existence made their move.

Gao Han saw the Immortal Door, the white lotus, the green lotus, and the bronze bell.

While he saw them, there was no way he could get close to them. Just like a mortal being looking up to the sun, while the entire sun was within their line of sight, there was no way the two would come in contact with each other.

Ling Qing groaned and said, “If he truly replicated the demeanor of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, it’s no surprise that the few Dao Ancestors were alarmed.”

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord might not pay much attention to the three Golden Body of the Great Sage causing havoc within the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace.

However, when the three combined as one, the demeanor they gave away was so strong that the Great Sage Equalling Heavens himself seemed to have descended unto this mortal realm personally. Hence, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had to make his move.

The Immortal Door gleaming with jade radiances belonged to the Immortal Court’s main power.

“The white lotus that appeared later belonged to the Future Buddha.” Gao Han said, “Naturally, he wished for the Young Heavenly Lord to continue wreaking havoc, hence his act of obstructing the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.”

“It is worth mentioning that even Amitabha, who had been quiet for so many years, had also been alarmed.”

The green lotus that descended from the west came from the Western Pure Lands’ leader – Amitabha.

Unfortunately, someone else was already waiting for him.”

“Emperor Donghuang?” asked Ling Qing.

Gao Han nodded, “That’s right. The bronze bell obstructed the green lotus, preventing Amitabha from descending. While there were still other experts in the Western Pure Lands, things happened way too quickly. There was practically no time for them to react.”

“While I’m aware that the Young Heavenly Lord saved the Great Sage Equalling Heavens from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Obscure Way Worlds’ Five Elements Mountain, I never expected his rewards to be so grand.” Ling Qing frowned, “Did the Great Sage Equalling Heavens relinquish all his cultivation?”

Gao Han was deep in thought, “Even if that’s not the case, the truth shouldn’t be too far away. The Mystical Mountain’s Gautama Buddha suppressed the Great Sage Equalling Heavens in the past. No one knew how to save him or how the Great Sage Equalling Heavens escaped. However, from the looks of it now, the Young Heavenly Lord’s rewards in the Five Elements Mountain far exceeded our expectations.”

“The Vast Freedom Devil didn’t make his move, while the Elder Lord didn’t make his move as well.” Ling Qing looked at Gao Han.

Gao Han said, “It’s normal for us not to know what those Dao Realm bigwigs are thinking.”

Ling Qing looked at him and remained silent.

“I’m speaking from the bottom of my heart.” Gao Han slowly said, “Although, I dislike this feeling.”

Ling Qing asked, “After this mess, the Immortal Court’s reputation had been greatly damaged. The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus would unleash another invasion as well. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s foundations are fated to be shaken.”

She pondered, “Could he possibly drop down from the Dao Realm?”

“Even I dare not speak with certainty.” Gao Han said, “Let’s see what the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor has in mind.”

Ling Qing nodded and remained silent. As she gazed toward the dark and distant void, she went into a daze.

…

Within the Western Pure Lands, two green lotuses descended.

The Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit returned to the Western Land of Buddhism.

The two Buddha’s expressions were still calm, with no hints of upsetness to be seen. However, no words were spoken, and only silence remained.

Even a part of the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s Blessed Lands was destroyed. After returning to the Lands of Buddhism, he slowly started repairing it.

Then, another green lotus appeared within the Lands of Buddhism. Atop the lotus sat an antiquated Golden Body Buddha. He seemed like someone who had survived through the ebb and flow of time and survived until the current timeline.

Behind this Buddha’s head hung a round clump of Buddha light, which resembled a colossal round sun.

An ancient glazed lamp stood within the Buddha light.

Upon seeing this Buddha, the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit both saluted, “Namo Dipankara Archaic Buddha.”

The visitor was the Past Archaic Buddha. He entered dao through a Gautama Buddha, turning him into Daoist Dipankara. Later, he reverted to Western Buddhism’s Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

A bigwig expert birthed before the Earlier Heavens, one of the oldest Buddhas in existence.

Daoist Zhunti could only turn into the Gautama Buddha thanks to the Dipankara Archaic Buddha bringing him into the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

However, when the central Blessed Lands of Saha turned into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, this Buddhist bigwig turned to the Western Pure Lands.

For so many years, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha had never left the Western Pure Lands, and rarely any news of him was leaked.

Seeing his appearance, the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit were caught by surprise, “Thou art hither for the matters of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens?”

“For the Immortal Court.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha smiled and said, “The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord will be affected not, but the Immortal Court shan’t fall so quickly.”

The Buddha of Sandalwood Merit said, “Pray tell, mayhaps thou hath some behest?”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s gaze swept through the two and said in a gentle tone, “Ye two, prithee, go somewhere in my stead.”

Hearing the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s words, the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit chanted the Buddhist doctrines softly, “Thy behest is ours to heed. Howbeit, while fear we have none, I’m afraid some might hinder our paths.”

“Fret not. Other arrangements I have placed, so focus on thy tasks,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha with a smile.

The Victorious Fighting Buddha asked, “Will this incite the Elder Lord’s anger?”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha answered, “Previously, the possibility doth exist. Howbeit, right now, the possibility is nigh none.”

The Victorious Fighting Buddha contemplated for a while and replied, “So be it. We shall depart now.”

The two Buddhas immediately departed from the Western Pure Lands.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha got up and left the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s Land of Buddhism. He traversed through the Western Pure Lands and reached another Land of Buddhism.

This place wasn’t like the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit’s Land of Buddhism, which had attained perfect intelligence and complete merits.

However, it was far more robust.

Other than the radiances of Buddhism’s doctrines and the tranquil glazes, some five-colored flashes of brilliance were leaking from within!

The crimson brilliance resembled fire, the green brilliance shone vigorously, the ocher brilliance harnessed insurmountable mass, the white-gold brilliance showed excruciating sharpness, and the dark radiance resembled everlasting liquid. The rays of brilliance showed no hostility toward each other and continuously circulated without rest.

Within the five-colored divine brilliance signs of the Land of Buddhism sat a Buddha.

He had twenty-four heads and eighteen arms. Each of his arms was holding a tassel, an umbrella cap, a vase, a fish intestine, a vajra, a treasured filer, a golden bell, a golden bow, a silver halberd, a banner, a treasured dhvaja, a lotus flower, a token plate, an alms bowl, a sharp spear, a claymore, a sarira, and a scripture.

Upon seeing the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s arrival, this Buddha merely lifted his eyelids a little and watched the visitor entering his own Blessed Land.

“This time, I’ll have to trouble thee,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha with a smile.