Chapter 1509 - The Immortal Court’S Counterattack

After receiving the talisman, Ah Hu asked, “Young master, do I need to send this over? Do I need to pass on some words as well?”

“Just say that it’s for locating the other swords. As for the context, Senior Gao would understand them after acquiring the talisman,” answered Yan Zhaoge.

Ah Hu nodded, “I understand. Please rest assured, young master.”

After a momentary pause, Ah Hu then asked, “Young master, regarding the Red Lotus Cliff’s Lady Fu, Sir He, and Lady Meng that you previously asked me to pay attention to, nothing unusual had happened to them.”

Upon hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge didn’t reply immediately. Instead, he started going into a state of deep contemplation.

Fu Ting, Meng Wan, and He Xixing were all people who became aware of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s existence before reaching the Human Immortal Realm.

This resulted in a formless “seed” being buried deep within their souls.

Although nothing had happened throughout the past few years, no one was sure when the “seed” would start sprouting.

Once the “seeds” sprouted, these three youthful talents of orthodox Daoism would be illuminated by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. It didn’t matter if they were within the Awakened Sky Cosmos or even the Pill Hall.

If someone unexpected occurred, it might result in a mess.

Most importantly, it might even expose the coordinates of the Pill Hall and the Awakened Sky Hall to the Immortal Court.

Hence, Yan Zhaoge and the others had been studying the methods of suppressing that shapeless “seed,” preventing its possibilities of sprouting, which would allow them to avoid the worst situation imaginable.

Even when they were busy fighting against the Nine Underworlds, Yan Zhaoge never forgot to instruct the strict surveillance upon the three, in case the Immortal Court suddenly decided to take advantage of them.

Now, he caused an upheaval in the Immortal Court’s territories, extensively damaging the Immortal Court’s structural foundations. In the end, only with the appearance of Mahamayuri did they manage to escape from their situation doomed with failure.

If the Immortal Court intended to vent their anger toward orthodox Daoism, the World beyond Worlds would be the least favorable choice compared to the Sky beyond Skies.

If they could locate the Sky beyond Skies, they would seek Yan Zhaoge for vengeance.

With this repercussion in mind, Yan Zhaoge was naturally much more cautious.

However, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord seemed to have forgotten that he could illuminate the three?

“Does he think it’s ineffective?” Yan Zhaoge muttered, “We don’t even have the confidence to stop it.”

After a momentary contemplation, Yan Zhaoge shook his head and looked toward Ah Hu, “Since we’ve already returned to the Sky beyond Skies, I shall personally attend to any arising problems. Rest assured, and go to the Roving Jade Heavens first.”

“After going to the Roving Jade Heavens, help me head toward the Ashen Spirit Valley as well. After meeting Daoist Cloud Conquest, do apologize in my stead regarding the matters of He Mian, as he wasn’t able to deal with his disciple personally,” said Yan Zhaoge.

“Yes, young master,” replied Ah Hu.

Yan Zhaoge continued, “As for senior apprentice-sister Yu, we can’t be too rashful about it. After I recovered myself back to my prime state, I shall visit the Roving Jade Heavens personally and study her injuries together with Senior Gao and senior apprentice-uncle Long.”

“I will pass your words to them. If there are no other orders, I shall depart now.”

“Go ahead.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

After Ah Hu left, Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes and continued his silent recovery.

A day later, Ah Hu returned from the Roving Jade Heavens, “Young master, Senior Gao stuck the talisman on the Immortal Slaughtering Sword right in front of me, and said that she would leave it on for forty-nine days.”

“Alright.” Yan Zhaoge widened his eyes and nodded, “Whether we would be greeted with results or not, we shall find out after forty-nine days. Hopefully, we won’t be disappointed.”

Then, he got up and headed toward the Pill Hall’s Purple Divine Pavilion. There, he saw his mother Xue Chuqing, “Is there any other news from the dao universe?”

“None as of now.” Xue Chuqing sighed and shook her head, “Ultimately, the distance is still considerably far. Moreover, to prevent exposing the coordinates of the Awakened Sky Cosmos and the Pill Hall, we have to proceed with caution when gathering information.”

By being cautious, effectiveness was bound to reduce. Such things were inevitable.

Especially when most active Immortal Realm experts in the Awakened Sky Cosmos had just experienced a grand battle and were now spending their time in recovery. The situation just wasn’t beneficial in terms of transmitting information.

Yan Zhaoge could only relax his mood and wait patiently.

A few days later, accurate information was finally transmitted back.

The Immortal Court successfully colonized the dao universe.

The current situation of the World beyond Worlds and the lower worlds governed by them were still uncertain.

However, a noteworthy fact to behold was that the ordinary citizens of the dao universe were migrating toward the Immortal Court.

The World beyond Worlds where the orthodox Jade Clear and Grand Clear lineage flourished had now turned into history.

News regarding the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen, the Encompassing Emperor, the Heavenly Emperor, and the others including the newly appointed Exalt – Li Junxing, the northwestern Exalt – Lian Zulin, the Western Exalt – Lang Qing, and the others were now lost.

According to the Immortal Court, they had successfully subdued the “heretics.”

As a result, the negative impact caused by the “malign heretic” Yan Zhaoge had all disappeared without a trace.

All of these were thanks to the Immortal Court’s large-scale counterattack, which allowed them to reclaim their conquered lands, reclaiming the Eight Hundred Immortal Territories and the myriad of worlds colonized by the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus for twenty-eight years.

The entire Immortal Court’s mood was finally uplifted.

“Ironically, the mid-lower caste of the Immortal Court is unaware that outsiders were the one assisting them in reclaiming their homeland, instead of their troops,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smirk.

However, while the Immortal Court launched their counterattack, they only managed to reclaim their lost lands.

Even if they wanted to turn the tides over and attack the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, things wouldn’t progress smoothly for them.

While Mahamayuri might be strong, he wasn’t a Dao Realm expert.

While he possessed the ubiquitous marvelousness of a Grand Heavenly Realm expert, it also depended on his foe.

Compared to the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, the area he covered was inferior.

When launching their counterattack against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, if the battlefield were stretched too far, Kong Xuan wouldn’t be able to deter someone like the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

Moreover, Kong Xuan merely stood out due to the exchange he made with the Dipankara Archaic Buddha. He won’t just assist the Immortal Court all the way.

Helping the Immortal Court in overcoming their troubles was his original goal.

As a result, the Western Pure Lands and the Immortal Court stopped being aggressive at the appropriate moment. After reclaiming the Immortal Court’s Three Thousand Immortal Territories, the aggressiveness of their attacks slowed down drastically.

Currently, the Immortal Court was focusing on rebuilding the feelings of worship toward them, which was greatly damaged previously.

Defeating the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, reclaiming their lost lands, and taking revenge upon the dao universe. All these factors allowed their efforts to take effect.

“If the World beyond Worlds is in this state, how about the North Star Emperor?” asked Yan Zhaoge as he was pondering.

Xue Chuqing said, “Other than the heretics descending upon the dao universe, there was another Buddhism bigwig standing guard by its boundaries. He went there specifically for the North Star Emperor.”

Mahamayuri dealt with the group of Demon Race Great Demons, which gave the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhism bigwigs the freedom of movement.

“We’re unsure if the North Star Emperor had a clash against that Buddha or not. However, from how the dao universe ended up, the Immortal Court must’ve succeeded either way.”