Chapter 1518 - : Meetings Of Controversies

Chapter 1518 : Meetings of Controversies

Very few individuals were aware that the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s mount – the Great Demon Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was still alive at present.

In the past, he was already a well-renowned Demon Race Great Sage who triumphed over his opponents. However, he preferred tranquility and didn’t enjoy shining too brightly. After being subdued by the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, less information regarding him was heard in the world.

After the Great Calamity, due to his permanent seclusion in the Astro Mountains Starry Seas, the outside world was oblivious if he was still alive or not.

Only, since this matter involved the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord and the Humanly Essence Stone’s fragment, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was forced to voice out.

This Great Demon still alive and even resided by the Astro Mountains Starry Seas made countless people worried.

After all, he was one of the most top-notch Great Saints within the Demon Race. Other than his speed appearing to be underwhelming, his strength in other departments surpassed even the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

Compared to other forces, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was much closer to the Demon Race, hence a much deeper inside information network in between.

The Buddha-level bigwigs in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus vaguely knew of his existence.

Hence, with questions related to the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus decided to question the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

Looking at the teenage monk in a kasaya who still kept his long hair, the Buddha sitting on the white lotus pressed his hands together, with no change in his expression, “As the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits avowed, he was not present in the Eastern Extremity Peculiar Strictness Palace as the Great Calamity transpired. After his return, the Eastern Viridescent Splendour World of Endless Joy hath undergone destruction, with the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor’s whereabouts unknown. Thus, he is unable to ascertain the legitimacy of the Incongruence Divine Mother searching for the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor.”

The Viridescent Splendour World of Endless Joy and the Eastern Extremity Peculiar Strictness Palace were the locations where the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor, also known as the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, resided in.

“Woefully, even the Humanly Essence Stone fragment in his possession hath vanished.” The long-haired man sighed, “Before the Great Calamity, the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor took the Humanly Essence Stone fragment away from the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits. Perchance, he had discovered something, or something else occurred due to his presence.”

The Buddha sitting atop the white lotus said, “No matter what, this Humanly Essence Stone fragment poses as an essential item to our Blessed Lands. Similarly, the Immortal Court’s covetous fiends greatly desire it as well. We shan’t ignore nor neglect them.”

“Ye all suffice in dealing with them. The fiends of the Immortal Court art injured gravely, and art incapable of causing colossal commotions.” The long-haired man said, “Rather, the two heretic factions require more attention. Chances of Mahamayuri taking action is low, but still concerning.”

The Buddha atop the white lotus asked, “What art thou intentions, Daoist Qu?”

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ new-generation Sword Buddha had always focused on cultivating and had never officially been bestowed with a title. Qu Su, known as the Sword Master of the Six Paths, said, “Judging by the year, my master hath entered the samsara of human realm. I can try contacting him if needed.”

“The warfare against the Immortal Court’s fiends carried on for so long, and peacefulness we are finally bestowed unto. I shall attempt contacting my master and hope for his reply.”

Hearing his words, the other Buddha chanted a Buddhism doctrine, “The Sword Buddha returning to our Blessed Lands would be ideal.”

Qu Su calmly said, “My master hath been foraging after the heretics’ Prime Clear Four Swords and rarely transmitted any message back. Nonetheless, if nothing regarding him is revealed, I’ll always be in a state of uneasiness.”

“One of the swords necessary for laying down the Immortal Extermination Formation hath resurfaced within the world.” The Buddha sitting atop the white lotus pondered for a moment and said, “Aside from that, there’s also the Immortal Extermination Formation.”

“The heretics hath been regressing for many years and are now gaining the momentum of progression. While they continuously disrupted the Immortal Court’s fiends, they still pose a threat to us if this continues. Gaining control over their actions would be ideal.”

The Buddha looked at Qu Su, “Snatching even one of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords would be for the best. Thy master must’ve surely thought of this as well.”

“That depends entirely on fate.” After Qu Su finished speaking, he stood up from the white lotus and held a longsword in his hand, “As for other matters, I shall leave it to ye all.”

The other Buddha said, “Be careful, Daoist Qu. Refrain thyself from being impulsive. Long as we maintain contact, safety would be ensured.”

This matter involved the Sword Buddha’s senior, hence the more cautious tone when speaking.

In all actuality, he was reminding Qu Su to remain cautious and prevent ending up like his master – contact lost and dynamic unknown.

Qu Su smiled slightly, “If ye all truly found the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, or located the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, then warfare against the fiendish Immortal Court is inevitable. When the flames of war are rekindled, I will return for sure and contribute my measly strength for the Blessed Lands.”

Of course, he was merely modest. His strength was not measly by any means.

As one of the few heretic bigwigs able to brawl against the orthodox Daoism and orthodox Buddhism experts of the same realm, the Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su was vital towards the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Under normal circumstances, other heretic experts of the same realm could barely contend against him.

He ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm earlier than the Grandiose Dream Heavenly Lord, hence the oppressive attacking force from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus towards the Immortal Court.

Later, after Qu Su was injured, the Immortal Court finally got the chance to relax a little.

However, before they managed to let out a sigh of relief, the sudden ascendance of Suo Mingzhang dealt a devastating blow toward the unsuspecting Immortal Court.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus then took advantage of the situation and incited another warfare, causing the Immortal Court to lose their territories and retreat.

Finally, with the Grandiose Dream Heavenly Immortal – Wang Guan’s ascendance to the Grand Heavenly Realm, Qu Su, who had just recovered from his injuries, was finally able to be contended against.

Yet, with Yan Zhaoge’s ruckus in the Immortal Court, another devastating blow was dealt.

It was all thanks to Mahamayuri’s unexpected appearance that the Immortal Court was able to hold their grounds.

Currently, the number of top-notch experts in the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were similar, which served as a deterrence.

However, the experts in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus remained advantageous when looking toward the lower cultivation realm.

But, if the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus lost a top-notch expert like Qu Su, then the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus would hardly have any form of the advantage any longer.

The Buddha atop the white lotus pressed his hands together and chanted the Buddhist doctrine, “Namo Amitabha. I bless thee with success and await your triumphant return.”

Then, he sat on the white lotus and bid farewell, leaving Qu Su’s Land of Buddhism.

After sending him off, Qu Su wielded his longsword and stood on the white lotus, allowing the white lotus to carry him away. As he continued forward, he left the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and entered the void’s boundless outskirts.

At the same time, within the Awakened Sky Cosmos, Yan Zhaoge and the others were already prepared to depart.

“Perhaps, our deception might take effect. However, the deceit might only affect a few people,” said Long Xingquan.

“As long as it works, it’s already a huge help for us,” answered Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

Long Xingquan nodded, “Be careful.”

Gao Qingxuan said, “Don’t worry.”

Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Yan Di nodded as a form of salute. The group departed from the Awakened Sky Cosmos, entering the void’s boundless outskirts.