Chapter 1515 - Camouflage And Deception

Chapter 1515: Camouflage and Deception

After the battle between the two heretic factions came to an end, which included the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race, they could put more attention into the orthodox Daoism and the Nine Underworlds’ actions.

When that time comes, Yan Zhaoge and the others would face immense risk even when hiding within the Awakened Sky Cosmos, not to mention venturing outside. If even a little bit of their tracks were leaked, their enemies might not let it go so easily.

In fact, going outside to collect info and gaining the intel of everyone’s general movements would also pose insurmountable difficulties.

Not only Yan Zhaoge, even Yan Di and the others were also thinking of how they should proceed from now onward.

After hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Yan Di, Gao Qingxuan, and Long Xingquan’s interests were piqued.

“What plan do you have in mind, Zhaoge?” asked Long Xingquan.

“Camouflage and deception.” Yan Zhaoge said his plans in a simple manner, causing the three to sink deep into their thoughts.

“In the following period, we would focus on recovery, while you shall make preparations for this plan of yours. After the time is ripe, only shall we make a decision,” said Yan Di.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Leave it to me.”

Due to the previous battle, most of their injuries were caused by the backlash of the Immortal Extermination Formation’s destruction.

As such, their injuries were deeply rooted in their body, hard to be detached from their bodies. If they were careless, their vitality would easily be damaged, which was difficult to be compensated for.

As for Yan Zhaoge, due to his luck, he managed to recover fully. In fact, he even trampled over the Pure Profound Tribulation, ascending to the Profound Immortal Realm.

However, he immediately headed toward the Immortal Court later and didn’t have time to nourish his body thoroughly.

After causing havoc in the Immortal Court, his vigor was greatly depleted. The reason why his recovery took so long, yet he still had yet to return to his prime state, was closely related to this matter.

Yan Di and the others had a much difficult time attempting recovery. Despite being of the Prime Clear lineage, Gao Qingxuan, Daoist Cloud Conquest, and the others were in no better condition.

On the contrary, Xu Fei, Pan-Pan, and the North Ocean Clone’s stamina were merely overtly depleted and only required time for their recovery.

Other than conditioning himself, Yan Zhaoge had been thinking of ways to forge the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s tracks throughout the past few days.

These tracks shouldn’t be too light or heavy as well.

Suppose the heretics couldn’t confirm whether the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord was still alive or not, and their antics were too realistic. In that case, it might cause the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha to take action personally.

If there truly were another Humanly Essence Stone fragment scattered outside, the two would prioritize it heavily.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord could possibly covet after the Humanly Essence Stone more than the Heavenly Essence Stone.

That would be too much, making the situation inconducive for Yan Zhaoge.

Being too perfunctory wasn’t ideal either.

If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha didn’t take action themselves, perhaps the two heretic factions might be unable to perceive the legitimacy of the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s tracks.

However, some Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race might be familiar with this Heavenly Lord of antiquity.

Especially if the Grand Sage of Nine Spirits was still alive. After all, he was once the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s mount.

Hence, Yan Zhaoge had been spending his time thinking with his mental fortitude.

After all preparations were completed, Yan Zhaoge met up with Gao Qingxuan and the others again. Now, most of their wounds had been healed.

“How are your preparations going along?” asked Long Xingquan.

Yan Zhaoge replied, “I’ve already prepared the gist for it. However, it’s not suitable for us to operate it ourselves, as we might end up leaking our plans. We’ll have to request the assistance of our Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Realm Heavenly Lord to make a move.”

As he spoke, he looked toward Gao Qingxuan, “If the Incongruence Divine Mother isn’t too occupied, I would like to request her assistance.”

Gao Qingxuan nodded, “Leave it to me. I shall contact her.”

Among the active Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortals, the North Star Emperor was in no way close to the Awakened Sky Cosmos. Even if the two sides’ hostility were ceased, they wouldn’t be capable of requesting his aid so quickly.

Suo Mingzhang was the closest to Yan Zhaoge and the Sky beyond Skies. However, due to the matters of previous years, he became the Daoism Heavenly Immortal that the Immortal Court paid the greatest attention to.

Now that the warfare between the two heretic factions gradually diminished, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had a lot more free time on his hands.

If Suo Mingzhang was to do something, it might immediately attract the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s attention.

As the saying goes, being too excessive is equivalent to being inadequate. Yan Zhaoge merely intended to spark a war between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. He had to control the extent to which this matter would escalate.

As for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, while Yan Zhaoge was on guard against him, he was always weirded out by this Daoism Heavenly Lord’s attitude toward him.

Hence, he decided to let the Incongruence Divine Mother execute his plan.

While searching for Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian’s graves, they searched for the Prime Clear Immortal Trapping Sword.

It was considered normal for the Incongruence Divine Mother to aid them.

She was too jarring as a target and would easily be noticed by other Dao Realm bigwigs, making it inconvenient for her to search after the sword. It would be better for Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, and the others to do so instead.

The orthodox Daoism was currently in an awkward position, with no Dao Realm bigwigs presiding over them. They seemed weaker when facing the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, the Maitreya Buddha, Amitabha Buddha, or Dong Huang.

However, when going one step lower, Yan Zhaoge, Xu Fei, and the others possessing the Golden Body of the Great Sage, Feng Yunsheng, and the others were now fearless of other heretic Grand Heavenly Realm experts.

The subtle differences between them gave Yan Zhaoge and the others a chance of exploitation.

“I’ll await good news from the Incongruence Divine Mother,” said Yan Zhaoge.

As expected, the Incongruence Divine Mother accepted their request.

Very quickly, the higher-ups of both heretic factions received some news, causing an upheaval between them.

Previously, after participating in such a large-scale battle, the Incongruence Divine Mother finally escaped and hid from others. Yet, within such a short amount of time, she re-appeared within the void’s boundless outskirts, as if she had just awoken from her state of slumber.

Other forces were paying close attention to the Daoism Heavenly Immortals.

Very quickly, someone went to hinder her actions.

The Incongruence Divine Mother remained on guard and managed to escape once again.

However, everyone realized that her abnormal actions were due to her searching for the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord.

To the newer generation, the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord was merely a title. However, to those who existed even before the Great Calamity, they dared not neglect this matter.

Very quickly, this matter gained the traction of other forces.

In the Immortal Court’s cosmos, outside of the Three Thousand Immortal Territories, a green lotus suddenly appeared, closing in to said cosmos.

A red treasured dhvaja loomed atop the green lotus, with a lamp lit with golden flames shaking atop the treasured dhvaja.

The green lotus halted upon reaching the outskirts of the Three Thousand Immortal Territories.

However, a treasured light immediately flew out from the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace, sweeping the green lotus together with it.

After entering the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace, the green lotus flew out from the treasured light, presenting a blue Buddha sitting atop the lotus. His right hand wielding the treasured dhvaja was placed on his left shoulder, while his left hand formed a Dhyana seal.

When Grand Heavenly Realm experts faced each other, their marvelousness would disappear. A middle-aged Daoist came out from the treasured lights, showing an Immortal Court Heavenly Lord.

“May I know the reason for your visit, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha?” asked the Daoist.

The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha sitting atop the green lotus replied, “For the matter regarding the Incongruence Divine Mother and the Taiyi Nirvana heavenly Lord, I have some questions which require explanations.”

“The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord isn’t in the Heavenly Palace right now. However, he did leave behind some explanations,” said the Daoist.

The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha asked, “Oh? Pray tell, what did he say?”