Chapter 1511 - Humanly Essence Stone

Xue Chuqing looked at Yan Zhaoge with a frown and asked, “You wouldn’t be thinking about massacring the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Buddhas, right?”

“To be honest, I did think of that.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “However, I later laughed at how silly the idea sounded, and hence I gave up on it.”

A Daoism Profound Immortal on par with Buddhism’s Bhantes and Arhats plotting to kill a Buddhism Buddha on par with Daoism’s Heavenly Immortals.

Even if the Buddhas were heretics, this thought seemed plain impossible and ludicrous.

However, Xue Chuqing knew that if the enemies were unprepared, Yan Zhaoge would achieve such a feat.

The Great King of Inspiration had proved it possible.

After patiently waiting for the Golden Body of the Great Sage to recover its vitality and unleashing it once again, the current Broad Creed Mountain could truly pose a massive threat against Grand Heavenly Realm experts, especially toward those originating from the heretics.

Every time she thought about this, Xue Chuqing couldn’t help but sigh.

While she originated from the Exalted Wood Luminary’s lineage, which started from one of the Four Imperials – the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, she never expected someone possessing such strength to stand right beside her.

Perhaps, Yan Zhaoge had yet to reach such heights. However, he already possessed the capabilities of doing so.

When fighting against the Nine Underworlds’ Devils, he had yet to possess such prowess. However, he underwent an improvement later on, becoming much stronger than he was in the past.

Only, as Yan Zhaoge had said, it still wasn’t enough. They had to be much stronger than that.

After hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, she looked at Yan Zhaoge with a stern expression.

Wanting to re-ignite the flames of war between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was no easy feat.

At the very least, one of them had to deem launching another invasion beneficial, with its benefits outweighing its losses.

The Immortal Court underwent an upheaval due to Suo Mingzhang and Yan Zhaoge, resulting in the perishment of their manpower and great damage inflicted upon their vitality. Ultimately, this damage won’t be recuperated within such a short period.

Even if they had illuminated the World beyond Worlds and reclaimed their Eight Hundred Immortal Territories, they were still far from recovering their damaged vitality.

Now that they only had eight Grand Heavenly Immortals left, not to mention the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, they were almost at the same level as the orthodox Daoism’s prime state.

In essence, they were still considerably weak.

If the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus invaded again, the Immortal Court would lose their reclaimed lands, reenacting the scene from twenty years ago.

However, since they couldn’t determine Mahamayuri’s intentions, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were maintaining their utmost cautiousness. Rather than unleashing another warfare, they preferred to probe and infiltrate within.

To Yan Zhaoge, even if he could decrease the numbers of Immortal Court’s Heavenly Lords once again, or even assassinate a Western Pure Lands’ Buddha, wanting to solidify the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race’s resolution to invade the Immortal Court was near impossible.

Unless he had a way of deterring Mahamayuri.

In comparison, the other choice would be to kill the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ Grand Heavenly Realm experts!

Moreover, a carnage was required, which would make the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus weaker than the Immortal Court.

With this, the Immortal Court might even be the first one to strike.

This idea seemed extremely crazy. However, if an opportune moment was captured, there might be a possibility of this happening.

After all, to the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, who stood at the pinnacle of the Grand Heavenly Realm, heretic Grand Heavenly Realm experts were no different from Grand Virtual Immortals.

There was no need to doubt the gloat of the Immortal Court. In essence, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and them viewed each other as adversaries.

However, this method of fanning the flames at both sides while waiting to reel in the advantage within was an idiotic idea.

The Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus wouldn’t just watch Yan Zhaoge weaken both of their factions.

This would easily lead to the two sides coming to a temporary truce and work together to suppress Yan Zhaoge first.

While the Awakened Sky Cosmos’ coordinates were still uncertain, it wasn’t all that foolproof either.

If the Immortal Court, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the Western Pure Lands, and the Demon Race worked together to seal the space and pressurize them, the current orthodox Daoism wouldn’t have the capabilities of stomaching such pressure.

With Xue Chuqing’s understanding toward Yan Zhaoge, while he might seem arrogant at times, he wasn’t one to be clouded with ecstasy.

Seeing how Yan Zhaoge gave up on these ideas, which would end up provoking both sides, Xue Chuqing was interested in what he planned on doing.

“I’ve been thinking of the story where Nuwa Sovereign patched the skies, leaving the three essence stones behind.” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered.

Xue Chuqing instantly understood what he meant, “Yeah, this suits your habit of thinking. Tracing things back to its origins and expanding your thoughts from there.”

“That’s right. In fact, during the past few years, I had always been thinking about this matter, hoping to use this to uncover an opportunity.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Only, some matters still require deep consideration.”

He looked at Xue Chuqing, “In the past, Nuwa Sovereign left behind three essence stones. There’s no need to mention the Earthly Essence Stone, as it’s the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ foundation. What makes it so special was its Early Heaven indestructibility, allowing it to remain unbreakable no matter the circumstances.”

“As for the Humanly Essence Stone, it can materialize the already gathered faith power. From a small patch of faith power alone, it could transform into a majestic brilliance that radiated across tens of thousands of acres.

Maitreya Buddha, who lost hopes of ascending to the Dao Realm through normal means, used this to ascend to the Dao Realm, establishing a new path in the process.

“However, this path also benefited the current Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin, “So, I’ve been thinking if a portion of those Humanly Essence Stone had also fallen into the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s possession.”

During the Middle era, when the Buddhists and Demons were fighting against each other, the Humanly Essence Stone had disintegrated into one hundred and eight fragments, allowing thirty-six Great Sages and seventy-two Small Saints of the Demon Race to lay down the formation.

However, with the Journey to the West, a majority of them were taken away.

A huge majority of the fragments had fallen into the hands of Traveling Monk Sun and Bhanaka Sanzang’s group, which were naturally returned to the central Blessed Lands of Saha’s Mystical Mountain’s Great Thunderclap Monastery.

Only a small portion of them was scattered outside.

Yan Zhaoge was now wondering if some of these scattered Humanly Essence Stones had fallen into the Immortal Court or the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ possession.

Was it possible to cause a fuss through this?

“Of course, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha’s pathways would more or less be different. Perhaps, the Heavenly Essence Stone might be playing a part in this.” Yan Zhaoge let out a soft sigh and smiled, “The Immortal Court and the Western Pure Lands, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race. The relationship between them is much more interesting than I expected.”

After pondering for a moment, Xue Chuqing said, “We don’t have any Humanly Essence Stones as of now.”

“However, someone else might have. Only, we’re not sure if he’s still alive or not.” Yan Zhaoge pondered and said, “But, as long as the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus are uncertain whether he’s alive or not, we could try spreading some fake rumors, which would attract the heretics’ attention.”

Xue Chuqing was surprised at first and continued with her thoughts, “Are you perhaps talking about…”

“Among the thirty-six Great Sages that laid down the formation, a top-notch expert was included among them.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “He’s called the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits. In fact, he’s somewhat related to our Daoism as well.”