Chapter 1514 - The First Clue

After the Venus Sword entered the formation, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword beneath trembled, causing the Venus Sword to tremble as well.

However, the radiances engulfing the Venus Sword showed no changes.

“Seems like this won’t work as well.” Long Xingquan frowned, “Do we need the items that senior apprentice-brother or Daoist Di brought along with them after opening the Immortal Door?”

Yan Zhaoge walked around the Immortal Slaughtering Sword and carefully studied the intricacies leaking from the formation.

“I can’t be too sure yet.” After studying for a moment, he attempted to perfect his method of derivation, “There’s something else. Perhaps, we can try using that.”

Gao Qingxuan and Long Xingquan’s expressions changed in unison. They both said, “The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, that.”

He looked at Gao Qingxuan and Long Xingquan, “My father is currently resting in the Sky beyond Skies and has yet to enter seclusion. We can ask him to come here for a bit.”

“That would be ideal.” Gao Qingxuan and Long Xingquan replied as they nodded.

Yan Zhaoge immediately contacted Yan Di, and the three patiently waited for him.

“Other than the Immortal Trapping Sword, there are hints for another sword as well. Perhaps we can try it out.” While waiting, Yan Zhaoge said to them.

“

Oh?

” Gao Qingxuan sank into a state of deep thought, “The Immortal Extermination Sword? Is the Broad Creed Mountain related to the Lord of Broad Accomplishment?”

During the Ancient era’s Investitures of the Gods war, the Immortal Extermination Four Swords used to lay down the Immortal Extermination Formation had fallen into the possession of four Jade Clear bigwigs.

Among them, Master Red Essence acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, and the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity acquired the Immortal Trapping Sword.

The Lord of Broad Accomplishment, dubbed as the Jade Illusory’s number-one disciple, had acquired the Immortal Extermination Sword.

Just like the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity, the Lord of Broad Accomplishment had also hid from the world for many years. Before the Great Calamity, barely any news about him surfaced. After the Great Calamity, practically no information concerning him could be found, and his current conditions were unknown.

Gao Qingxuan thought of him because Yan Zhaoge originated from the Broad Creed Mountain lineage. After the Great Calamity, he used the remains of the Grand Clear lineage and the Jade Clear Cyclic Heavenly Seal to establish himself in the Eight Extremities Worlds.

The Broad Creed Mountain’s initial supreme martial art – the Broad Creed Heavenly Palm was a mutation from the incomplete Cyclic Heavenly Seal. In fact, it was attained through the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, originating from the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s lineage.

Yan Zhaoge replied, “Indeed, I plan on tracking the Immortal Extermination Sword as well. Only, my sect isn’t considered the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s lineage. After all, only the establisher of my sect managed to acquire that opportunity.”

Then, Yan Zhaoge took out a stone fragment and held it in his palm.

Gao Qingxuan and Long Xingquan stared at that stone fragment with an uneven surface and had several thorns on its surface. At first glance, it might just seem like something insignificant. However, with their cultivation and experience, they could immediately tell how outstanding it was.

“Is this the treasure which the Lord of Broad Accomplishment brought along with him, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment?” Long Xingquan came to a revelation.

Yan Zhaoge nodded and explained, “That’s right. In the past, my Broad Creed Mountain’s progenitor acquired this fragment and managed to comprehend a small part of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal’s insights, transforming it into a palm art. He then used this as one of the Broad Creed Mountain’s foundations.”

“When the Exalted Solar Luminary was in the Eight Extremities Worlds, he took this treasure along with him before leaving. It only returned to us a while ago.”

Yan Zhaoge became ambitious in locating the Immortal Extermination Four Swords, increasing his side’s strength and influence through the Immortal Extermination Formation. All of it was because he had more than one single clue in his hands.

Without these backing him, everything was but a mere unrealistic plan.

Gao Qingxuan said, “Indeed, with this item, we have more hopes of locating the Lord of Broad Accomplishment.”

The Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment was directly related to the Lord of Broad Accomplishment, while the Immortal Extermination Sword was directly related to the Lord of Broad Accomplishments. There were hopes in locating him through the Immortal Extermination Sword.

It was still unknown whether Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian were together with the Immortal Trapping Sword. If they were not with the sword, locating them through the Immortal Slaughtering Sword would pose extreme difficulties.

“After this art takes effect, it can only be used again after forty-nine years.” Yan Zhaoge smiled bitterly, “Close to fifty years. So, it’s better if we don’t try searching for the Immortal Extermination Sword for now. Otherwise, if we succeed, we’ll have to wait for another fifty years.”

He turned to look at the Immortal Slaughtering Sword in the formation, “If no results come into fruition after we tried our best, we will then consider other methods.”

Long Xingquan said, “That’s right. It’s been more than two thousand years, yet we still couldn’t locate senior apprentice-brother and Daoist Di. Now that we finally have the hopes of locating them, we’ll have to try a little more.”

“Affirmative.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

Soon after, Yan Di arrived.

His wounds had yet to recover, and he was supposed to be resting. Hence, Yan Zhaoge didn’t alert him previously.

However, upon hearing what Yan Zhaoge said, Yan Di immediately came here without delay.

When speaking from an emotional standpoint, he had never interacted with his father – Yan Xintang, and his mother – Di Qinglian. However, ultimately, he was still filled with gratitude and admiration toward his parents.

After Yan Zhaoge proclaimed about the possibilities of locating Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian’s burial spot, Yan Di immediately stopped his process of recovery and headed toward the Roving Jade Heavens.

After he met the others, he didn’t go too much into the pleasantries.

Yan Di followed Yan Zhaoge’s orders. A cloud cluster with blurred edges floated atop his head. Then, this cloud gradually descended into the formation with the Immortal Slaughtering Sword as its center.

After entering the formation, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword trembled slightly.

The iridescent Cloud resembling the appearance of a lotus and a cloud showed no changes.

However, as it basked in the formation’s radiance, the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud immediately started billowing, like a lotus in the process of blooming.

At the same time, the talisman pasted on the Immortal Slaughtering Sword started disappearing!

Upon witnessing this sight, Yan Zhaoge and the others’ spirits were uplifted, and hints of joyousness appeared on their expressions.

“Heed!” Yan Zhaoge took in a deep breath and walked forward. He watched as the talisman burned and his fingers started drawing in mid-air.

After a short while, the formation patterns started converging, causing countless signs of brilliance to surge within the flames of the burning talisman.

Yan Zhaoge took out a blank talisman and threw it into the flames.

However, the blank talisman didn’t catch on fire.

After the flames gradually dispersed, the talisman flew out from the flames once again.

Yan Zhaoge extended his hand, and the talisman fell into his grasp. Upon taking a closer look, he saw profound inscriptions inscribed upon the initially blank talisman.

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud also regained its tranquility.

The Immortal Slaughtering Sword stopped trembling as well and quietly floated in mid-air.

Yan Di and Gao Qingxuan both came forward. They both retrieved the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, respectively. Then, everyone’s gazes looked toward Yan Zhaoge.

“At the very least, we acquired the very first step of our clues. We can follow it and attempt to find more.” After studying it for a while, a smile overwrote Yan Zhaoge’s face.

The other three were instantly filled with relief.

“Now that we have this assurance, we shouldn’t be too rashful any longer.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Let us prepare and nurture ourselves first. After the preparations are completed, only shall we depart.”

“We’ve been waiting for so long. A little while longer wouldn’t matter.” Gao Qingxuan said, “There are still some strong enemies outside. If we do things too rashly, things might only go haywire for us.”

“We’ll have to find some distractions to our enemies, preventing them from having the luxury of paying attention to us. Perhaps, we can try some methods I have in mind,” said Yan Zhaoge.