Chapter 1516 - Grandiose Dream Heavenly Lord

Facing the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, the Daoist didn’t hide anything, “The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits’ Humanly Essence Stone didn’t enter the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor’s hands. Instead, it had always been in the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits’ care. In the end, it had never been returned to Emperor Dong Huang.

“Then, do you have any information regarding the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, Percussion Heavenly Lord?” asked the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.

The Percussion Heavenly Lord with a Daoist appearance answered, “We’ve never received any intel related to him. However, he might have already joined the Demon Race’s Astro Mountains Starry Seas.”

No hints of emotion were being shown on the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s face, “If the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits is still alive, and had entered the Astro Mountains Starry Seas, then the Humanly Essence Stone fragments would naturally fall into the possession of the Demon Race.”

Percussion Heavenly Lord replied, “Results may vary. After all, the Great Calamity caused the situation to become way too complicated.”

“In that case, we still can’t ignore this recent info.” The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha lowered his head and said, “If we located the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s traces, we might be able to locate the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, allowing us to locate the Humanly Essence Stone fragments.”

“This thought crossed my mind as well. Other brethren of my Immortal Court had already gone ahead to search for him.” Percussion Heavenly Lord’s expression turned stern, “There’s no need to mention what kind of significance the Humanly Essence Stone fragment has. The Infernal Devils of the White Lotus would covet after it as well.”

“They aren’t all that problematic. The main problem here is the Astro Mountains Starry Seas.”

As an Immortal Court expert in the Grand Heavenly Realm, the knowledge he contained was incredibly vast. While he didn’t doubt his path, he still recognized how inferior the Immortal Court’s prowess was compared to the orthodox Buddhism and the Demon Race Great Sages.

Ultimately, they each harbored their thoughts.

“Let’s observe the Astro Mountains Starry Seas’ actions and see if this information can bait the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits out. This would be a good time to affirm whether the Humanly Essence Stone had fallen into their hands or not.” The Percussion Heavenly Lord pondered.

Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha smiled slightly. He knew that Percussion Heavenly Lord hoped for the Western Pure Lands to deal with any commotions happening in the Astro Mountains Starry Seas.

Things had always been like this. The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha wasn’t repulsed by this suggestion either. Since he came to the Immortal Court to collect intel, he was already prepared to join the fray.

If deemed necessary, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha would naturally deploy other Buddhas from the Western Pure Lands.

However, the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha didn’t reply immediately. Instead, he asked, “May I know what Daoist Wang plans on doing?”

After remaining silent for a moment, Percussion Heavenly Lord answered, “Daoist Wang has no intentions of taking action.”

At that moment, a voice resounded from outside.

“With so many of you going, I won’t be interfering with your fun. I’m more interested in another matter.”

Before he arrived personally, his voice arrived first. Only, his tone seemed slothful, as if he was still half-asleep.

Suddenly, a drowsy feeling emerged within the hall, causing one to be flooded with the desire to sleep.

Even the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s mind seemed to have been shrouded in a layer of thin fog, causing languorous feelings to overwhelm him.

In the Blessed Lands of Saha, thirty-five Buddhas were present, with him being one of them. He was an old expert who had attained enlightenment during the Journey to the West era and witnessed the Gautama Buddha’s transcendence.

Later, when Maitreya turned the central Blessed Lands of Saha into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, he left the Mystical Mountain and joined the Western Pure Lands.

To him, Buddhas or Heavenly Lords who belonged to heretic factions were of no worries.

As a Buddha who had attained enlightenment, this wasn’t him being sanctimonious. Instead, everything originated from an objective point of view.

However, exceptions were inevitable.

The Immortal Court had Three Thousand Immortal Territories and a myriad of worlds, with its citizens amounting to a colossal number. Naturally, some talented individuals would appear, with some being prodigies who shone throughout an entire era.

For example, Yin Shiyang.

In truth, in return for supporting the Immortal Court, although the Western Pure Lands had secluded themselves from the world, they still carefully picked some exceptional talents from the Immortal Court and raised them as individuals from orthodox Buddhism.

However, more prestigious talents had entered the Immortal Court. After all, this was their place of origin.

Objectively speaking, these prodigies were led astray, walking toward the wrong path unbeknownst to them.

While they could progress to a very high cultivation realm, this was considered a waste of their talents to a certain degree.

If these prodigies turned to Buddhism or the orthodox Daoism, and nothing out of the ordinary happens to them, what awaited them would be a dazzling future.

No mountains can be called the tallest, just as how no prodigies are the most talented.

After a minority of them managed to progress to a particular stage, even when facing orthodox Buddhism’s Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, their demeanors showed no signs of dispersion.

The somnolent man in green that appeared in the hall was among this group of minorities.

Grandiose Dream Heavenly Lord – Wang Guan, also known as the Dream Heavenly Lord.

However, within the Immortal Court, some preferred calling him the “Sleeping Heavenly Lord” or the “Slothful Heavenly Lord” in secret.

While he seemed extremely unreliable, he was the only one in the Immortal Court who managed to ascend to the Grand Heavenly Realm throughout the past twenty years or so.

Unfortunately, after Wang Guan trampled over the Origin Heavenly Tribulation, and ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm, the Great King of Inspiration had perished thanks to Yan Zhaoge. As a result, the Immortal Court maintained their numbers of Grand Heavenly Immortals – a total of eight only.

Something worth mentioning was that this Wang Guan was the same as Ying Shiyang in the past. They were both considered as the Immortal Court’s twin supreme heaven’s favored.

When calculating using the years he spent cultivating, he was considered young as a Grand Heavenly Immortal.

While his exceptional speed was due to the heretics’ treasured lights imbued with faith power aiding in his cultivation, it was apparent how amazing his innate talent was.

If it weren’t for Suo Mingzhang’s reputation overshadowing his, Wang Guan’s name would have shaken throughout the entire world despite being of the Immortal Court.

Even so, when he had just ascended, his strength was already top-notch among the group of Immortal Court Heavenly Lords. Even when facing the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, he never faltered.

Even with the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s cultivation, he was still clouded with drowsiness for an instant. This sufficed in explaining how strong he was.

Wang Guan yawned as he came forward and greeted the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.

Percussion Heavenly Lord asked, “What matter are you attending to?”

“While the Humanly Essence Stone fragment is important, and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus is our brethrens’ nemesis, we still can’t neglect the heretics.” Wang Guan narrowed his eyes and said, “When we’re busy fighting against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, they will use this chance to grow stronger.”

“Look at the past few decades, and look at how strong they have become. They’re already posing a major threat to us.”

The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha and the Percussion Heavenly Lord remained silent and continued looking at Wang Guan.

The Grandiose Dream Heavenly Lord slowly said, “I heard that they had recently acquired the Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprint and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword itself. Despite not being a complete formation, it was already extremely daunting?”

“Indeed.” The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha smiled.

Although Wang Guan didn’t specifically mention anyone, the one who suffered from the incomplete Immortal Extermination Formation was the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha’s brethren, the Victorious Fighting Buddha of the Western Pure Lands.

“You intend on snatching the other three swords before they could find it?” Percussion Heavenly Lord asked, “However, the three swords’ locations are still unknown to the world. Could it be, you have some clues in your hands?”

Wang Guan scratched his head, let out a yawn, and said, “Nope. However, the White Lotus’ fiends seem to have it. I’ll keep watch on them.”

“If the heretics truly intend to grow stronger, there are two methods of doing so. Finding the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor, or finding the other three Immortal Extermination Swords. Perhaps, we might even encounter each other?”