Chapter 1519 - Immortal Trapping Sword

Chapter 1519: Immortal Trapping Sword

Since this matter involved Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian, Yan Di decided to follow Yan Zhaoge and search for them in the void’s boundless outskirts.

Even without Yan Zhaoge and him present in the Broad Creed Mountain, nothing concerning would occur.

Xu Fei, who stayed behind, was presiding over the mountain himself. Not only was his strength sufficient in protecting it, but he was also capable of handling tasks with heavy responsibilities.

Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun, and the other elders were cultivating in peace, leaving all matters to Xu Fei.

Within the Sky beyond Skies, no one would dare offend the Broad Creed Mountain. With how safe the Sky beyond Skies and the Awakened Sky Cosmos seemed now, no unexpected upheaval should be occurring.

However, if no special occurrence like the fight against the Nine Underworlds’ Devils transpired in the past, having some top-notch experts presiding over the Sky beyond Skies would be ideal, just in case something unexpected happened.

Especially with Fu Ting, He Xixing, and Meng Wan, who were considered as uncontrollable variables.

Hence, as long as the situation allowed, having experts presiding over the Sky beyond Skies would keep the situation under control.

The amalgamation of the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, which manifested the Great Sage himself, had caused significant depletion unto all its casters. After casting it once, a long interval would remain in place before it could be manifested once again.

Hence, as of now, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage didn’t have to work together or move together.

Although the Golden Body of the Great Sage harnessed by Xu Fei was much stronger, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di had left the Broad Creed Mountain to search Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian. Hence, Xu Fei staying behind would be much more appropriate.

Meanwhile, to deceive those paying attention to the Incongruence Divine Mother and the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, Yan Zhaoge had to keep the act up till the end. As such, his North Ocean Clone had been deployed toward their range of attention.

With the appearance of a Golden Body of the Great Sage, the legitimacy of their deception would significantly increase, attracting the attention of more experts from other factions.

The Golden Body of the Great Sage harnessed by the North Ocean sufficed in oppressing the heretic Grand Heavenly Realm experts. In fact, it could even contend against the orthodox Buddhism’s Buddhas or the Demon Race’s Great Sages.

To a certain extent, being able to attract the attention of the Western Pure Lands, the Demon Race, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and the Immortal Court’s top-notch experts with a Golden Body of the Great Sage alone yielded Yan Zhaoge with massive cost-profits.

Of course, he still had to remain cautious as well. If he were to get involved within, the entire world would only snicker at his foolishness.

Xu Fei presided over the Broad Creed Mountain, the North Ocean Clone held the others back, while Pan-Pan followed Yan Zhaoge’s group.

Other than that, there was also Feng Yunsheng, who had been spending time recovering and recuperating. Through her conditioning, she finally returned to her prime state.

Naturally, Gao Qingxuan had also brought the Immortal Slaughtering Sword along.

This time, the Awakened Sky Cosmos had deployed most of their elite forces under the premise that they could move freely as they willed.

After the North Ocean Clone creates more ruckus, further reinforcing the truthfulness to the rumors, attracting the attention of other forces in the process, Yan Zhaoge and the others would quietly depart on their journey.

Following the instructions given by the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, the group traversed through the cosmic starry skies, quietly furthering away.

This process consumed a considerable amount of time.

Even with Yan Zhaoge and the others’ current cultivation, this journey still felt too far-stretched, giving them the feeling that the end was unreachable.

Until one day, Yan Zhaoge’s speed suddenly slowed down.

Upon noticing this, the others also stopped their advancement. Without pressing him, they all patiently looked toward Yan Zhaoge.

“Theoretically speaking, it should be around here.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the talisman in his hand and concentrated on his thoughts.

After a while, he turned to Gao Qingxuan and said, “Senior Gao, please lend me the Immortal Slaughtering Sword for a bit.”

Gao Qingxuan nodded silently. She clasped her hand together and released her hands, causing an ancient sword permeating with suffocating dark qis to appear. It was one of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords – the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

“Heed!” Yan Zhaoge stepped forward and pasted the talisman in his hand on the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s hilt.

Then, Gao Qingxuan wielded the sword, pointed it toward her front, where powers coalesced but remained dormant.

Web-like dark threads densely packed together started expanding toward the void, filling up the universe very quickly.

“Oh?” Yan Zhaoge looked at his surroundings, and something caught his eyes. He immediately looked in another direction.

Everyone else also noticed the abnormal sight and looked toward it at the same time.

In a location filled with densely packed thread-like jet-black sword qis, a red light flickered.

Under the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s probe, the dark-red sword-light permeated with an aura of hostility, intimateness, familiarness, and distinctness as it flickered.

Yan Zhaoge and the others became joyous upon seeing this sight.

“… The Immortal Trapping Sword!” Gao Qingxuan muttered, “So, it’s truly here. We combined the clues left behind by Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian together with the Immortal Slaughtering Sword to arrive here. In other words, they succeeded in locating the Immortal Trapping Sword in the past.”

Yan Zhaoge took a breath, “Yes, they might’ve… Succeeded!”

The Immortal Slaughtering Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword were the legacies left behind by the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure. While the two swords were close, they both contained their sword intent of utmost ferociousness, hence the hostile yet intimate reaction between them. Rather, this was considered normal.

“The Immortal Trapping Sword seems to be unowned,” said Feng Yunsheng hesitantly after observing for a while.

This was why the Immortal Slaughtering Sword was volatile, causing a reaction between them.

Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan frowned and remained silent.

“Let us have a look.” After staring at where the dark-red sword-light was, he finally spoke after a while.

The group of people remained silent. After stashing the Immortal Slaughtering Sword away, the group then started approaching the dark-red radiance.

The closer they got, the more extraordinary they felt.

Upon closing in to a certain distance, the dark-red radiance seemed to be moving further away.

Its speed of retreat was identical to their speed of advancement.

Or, instead, the distance between the two remained the same, and they were unable to get closer.

“Wait here for a while.” Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan’s expressions remained unfazed. Dark-red sword-lights glistened from their bodies, and they continued moving forward.

As a result, the two were slowly closing in onto the dark-red sword-light.

The red light gave off a queer feeling. It seemed larger than a star, yet smaller than a speck of dust at the same time.

The transformation in time and space was astonishing and unfathomable. Its contradicting property was seemingly bewildering to everyone’s minds.

Without wasting any time, Gao Qingxuan took out the Immortal Slaughtering Sword once again and instantly pierced it into the dark-red sword-light.

She didn’t activate the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s strength at all. However, under its influence, the dark-red sword-light became much more “obedient.”

In Yan Zhaoge’s view, the red light now blotted the skies, its coverage area becoming colossally huge.

While it wasn’t as massive as the Sky beyond Skies or the Roving Jade Heavens, it was more extensive compared to the Eight Extremities Worlds, the Vast Ocean World, and the other lower realms.

“It’s like an independent world.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin and analyzed the sight in front of him.

On the other side, Yan Di and Feng Yunsheng weren’t being affected any longer. They started closing toward the giant dark-red ball of light, where Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan stood.

As they looked closely, they noticed numerous patterns circulating by the boundaries of the world formed by the Immortal Trapping Sword’s sword-light.