Chapter 1526 - Sealing The Buddha

Chapter 1526 : Sealing the Buddha

Yan Xintang, Di Qinglian.

During their time, among all the Daoism’s newborn cultivators after the Great Calamity, the two were widely recognized as individuals with the highest talent and insights in sword-arts. They were considered as the peerless pride of heaven’s creation regarding the sword.

After Yan Xintang, Di Qing also fought against the Sword Buddha, a sword expert of the last era who established his Buddhism sword lineage.

In the end, when purely accounting in their skills in sword alone, Di Qinglian didn’t even pale in comparison compared to her husband. Similarly, she used her sword to oppress the Sword Buddha.

The husband-wife duo continuously swapped with each other to duel the Sword Buddha. The duel stretched out for many years, with hundreds of thousands of matches in between.

The time interval between each duel was different.

Sometimes, after a momentary rest, they could continue with their next fight. Sometimes, it might take a few days, ten days or more, or even one or two years later.

The Sword Buddha sealed off the entire Jade Spring World, allowing no one to leave, preventing any news from leaking outside.

Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian continued winning, and the duel kept going on.

If they lost, everyone would be brought to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus along with the Immortal Trapping Sword.

Hence, throughout the duel, Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian won each and every single match.

The marvelous transformations in the Sword Buddha’s Samsara Sword Manual were all broken through by the two. He had to think up new methods and attacks to counter them continuously.

The Sword Buddha had broken through the marvelousness of Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian’s sword-arts as well. Similarly, the duo continuously improved themselves, further enhancing their capabilities.

Throughout the thousand years of the duel, Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian had never lost.

While they were like the whetstone to the Sword Buddha’s sword, the Sword Buddha was also whetting them. Moreover, their improvements were much quicker than the Sword Buddha, leaving a mountain of despair that continued to erect within the Sword Buddha’s heart.

“Merely by watching from aside, we were already benefiting greatly from it.” Tong Xinlin looked at Daoist Qing Zhang and sighed, “Only, not to mention comprehend, we didn’t even understand most of their profundities.”

She said, “When watching Daoist Yan and Daoist Di’s performance, I had the strong urge to split my sword apart, sealing it away forever, and make the mentioning of “sword” a taboo.”

Daoist Qing Zhang shut his eyes and remained silent.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were listening quietly. When thinking about Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian’s graceful bearing, even they were left speechless.

After a while, Yan Zhaoge finally pulled himself away from his imagination. He asked, “My grandfather alone could already defeat the Sword Buddha continuously and pressure the fight further, preventing him from abducting you all to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.”

“While my grandmother was a great sword cultivator who enjoyed fighting against others if she couldn’t leave the Sword Buddha in shambles with her performance, she didn’t need to steal my grandfather’s spotlight.”

Typically speaking, even when fighting with pure sword art alone, if a dignified Grand Heavenly Realm Buddha lost to a Profound Immortal, the chagrin would prevent them from continuing any further.

Yet, the Sword Buddha in the Asura Realm had no considerations for this aspect.

“Fighting for a while might be because of her temporary interest. However, why did she continuously interchange with my grandfather and fight against the Sword Buddha? Did they have some other plan?” said Yan Zhaoge softly.

Tong Xinlin nodded, “Daoist Yan and Daoist Di would continuously cycle with each other. One will attract the Sword Buddha’s attention with the sword duel, while the other would secretly make arrangements with us….”

She looked up at the sky: “…To prepare the seal.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di became speechless.

“Wanting to conduct a blood ritual with the Grand Master’s cadaver and the Immortal Trapping Sword was impossible for many people. Not only does it depend on cultivation, but it also depends on the comprehension toward the great dao.” Tong Xinlin said gloomily, “In the end, Daoist Yan conducted a blood ritual with the Grand Master’s cadaver, while Daoist Di conducted a blood ritual with the Immortal Trapping Sword.”

Their tragic sacrifices were not in vain. Using the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver and the Immortal Trapping Sword, the two Tranquil Profound Immortals successfully sealed away this Grand Heavenly Realm Buddha.

“The two were graceful and fearless before they parted with the world. However, one concern remained in their heart – their only son. They were worried about their only son.” Tong Xinlin looked at Yan Di, then looked at Yan Zhaoge, and said emotionally, “Now that you two are finally here, they can finally go without any more regrets.”

“Unfortunately, this seal exceeded our expectations and enshrouded the entire Jade Spring World within. It sealed us away from the entire world, preventing us from leaving, prevented us from sending information outside, and prevented us from contacting you.”

Tong Xinlin sighed. “In the end, while searching for them, you two ended up being trapped here.”

“You’re too considerate.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head. Then, he turned around and looked at Daoist Qing Zhang and the others who were being captured, “So, what about these three?”

“Do they have any grudges with my grandparents? Or did they intend on joining the heretic Buddhism?”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Daoist Qing Zhang again, “You should be someone born before the Great Calamity, right?”

Since the Great Calamity until now, a long passage of time had passed.

Among those born before the Great Calamity and got lucky enough to survive it, Yan Zhaoge was only familiar with the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han, the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing, the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen, and the others.

If they had yet to ascend to the Five Qis Unification Realm and remained as a Profound Immortal, they would inevitably reach the end of their lifespan.

Unless they could live in an environment in which time flowed much slower.

If their lifespan were damaged by accident, they would have a much shorter lifespan and could even reach their end very soon.

According to Yan Zhaoge’s observation, Daoist Qing Zhang might be older than Jiang Shen, Gao Han, and others. As such, he was already extremely old, and his end was coming near.

If he couldn’t improve any further, his life would come to an end.

“That’s right. I can’t wait any longer.” Daoist Qing Zhang finally said, “With all that I comprehended throughout my life, my current cultivation had already reached its peak, and I don’t see any possibilities of improvements anymore.”

“While I don’t want to betray my ancestors, if I could improve, I would join Buddhism if push comes to shove.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, “You’re all youths who possess limitless potential. Before you all reach your limits, you won’t understand what I mean.”

Yao Yunchen’s gaze when looking at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di was filled with even denser hatred, “Your ancestors sealed the Sword Buddha, but also sealed the Jade Spring World along with it, allowing no one to leave.”

“At that time, my master was only one treasure away from breaking through and had to go out searching for it. In the end, he couldn’t do anything and could only watch as his lifespan neared its end.” Yao Yuncheng’s voice was filled with hatred, “In the end, my master was forced to challenge the Profound Origin Tribulation. In the end, my master perished thanks to your ancestors!”

Tong Xinlin berated, “Shut up!”

She stared at Yao Yuncheng, “While you didn’t experience it personally, your master and Qing Zhang should have mentioned how Daoist Yan and Daoist Di’s sacrifice prevented our Jade Spring World from turning into a barren wasteland. Otherwise, all of us would have been dead!”

Guang Tongzi sighed, “The Sword Buddha kept losing by the two’s hands, yet he still refused to retreat. While he used all the lives of the Jade Spring World as a bargaining chip, he had never harmed any of us after constantly losing. However…”

“As time moved on, his condition became weirder and weirder.” Tong Xinlin’s expression turned grim.