Chapter 1528 - Unleashing The Seal

As the seal’s patterns showed themselves, queer dark-red radiances were being emitted, with the Immortal Trapping Sword’s sword intent leaking from within. The insightful laws it propounded were vastly different from the others.

Daoist Qing Zhang, Daoist Zhao Zhen, and Yao Yuncheng coldly stared at him.

It wasn’t that easy to unbind the seal, even if Yan Zhaoge had easily broken through their blood ritual.

Previously, Daoist Qing Zhang and the others were only using the methods they thought would work. They had zero confidence in breaking the seal apart.

Thanks to their opportune encounter, the arrival of Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di allowed them to perform the blood ritual, giving them a little more hope. However, it was merely a little more.

If it was so easy, would the entire Jade Spring World be entrapped for thousands of years, lasting until now?

Tong Xinlin and Guang Tongzi’s expressions were filled with complex emotions, and they intended on stopping Yan Zhaoge.

The other Jade Spring World’s inhabitants were also colored with shock from afar as they approached Yan Zhaoge’s location.

Due to the different opinions in Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian’s actions and the different views toward the Sword Buddha and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the Jade Spring World’s Jade Clear lineage had been split into two distinct groups.

Occasional clashes would occur between the two factions, where their hostility grew more and more intense.

However, no matter if it was Daoist Qing Zhang’s group or Tong Xinlin’s group, they all agreed on one thing – the Sword Buddha’s strength.

With the Jade Spring World’s highest cultivation level being the Profound Immortal Realm, a Buddhist Grand Heavenly Realm who had attained enlightenment was undoubtedly indomitable.

While Yan Zhaoge captured Daoistm Qing Zhang and the others so easily, they were merely in the Tranquil Profound Immortal Realm.

How could they ever contend against a Grand Heavenly Realm?

As such, several voices resounded in an attempt to stop Yan Zhaoge’s actions, “Please wait!”

“Don’t be reckless!”

Typically speaking, Profound Immortals had no way of unbinding the seal.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s stance of confidence made everyone else afraid.

At that moment, Yan Zhaoge flung his robe, causing a shadow to fly out from within. In mid-air, the shadow grew larger and larger.

Everyone looked at it intently and realized the shadow was a black-and-white furry beast that resembled a huge beast.

“Pixiu?” Someone from the Jade Spring World suddenly remembered a breed of Demon recorded within the archives. Then, gold radiances suddenly shot out from the back of the colossal Pixiu.

The gold radiances shot straight toward the sky, which then manifested into an even larger Demonic Monkey!

As soon as the Demon Monkey appeared, his colossal figure reached even the skies.

As if this humongous Jade Spring World couldn’t contain this monkey!

“Great… Great Sage Equalling Heavens?!” Upon seeing that Demon Monkey’s appearance, a name from the legends flashed across everyone’s minds, causing everyone to jump with shock.

Then, the Demon Mokey’s hands raised in unison.

The seal by the skies trembled continuously, causing rays of radiance to intertwine together, slicing on the Demon Monkey’s hands like pieces of knives.

However, the Demon Monkey’s golden fur throughout his body stood up. As gold radiances circulated, they forcefully withstood the intertwining dark-red sword-light.

While the Immortal Trapping Sword was intense, its primary usage was to seal the Sword Buddha. The Golden Body of the Great Sage harnessed by Pan-Pan withstood its sharp illumination and inserted his furry hands deep into the seal.

As all the Jade Spring World’s people present were bewildered with shock, Yan Zhaoge raised his hand, tracing an outline in mid-air, causing rays after rays of dark-red sword-lights to fly toward the sky.

Beside him, Yan Di’s expression remained stern. He also shot out his saber-light without saying anything else, which flew into the seal together with Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light.

Changes were constantly happening with the seal in the sky.

The Golden Body of the Great Sage harnessed by Pan-Pan used his strength to keep the seal in place, preventing it from resisting Yan Zhaoge’s action.

With Yan Zhaoge dismantling the seal, Pan-Pan did not need to go head-on against the seal. He just had to use his brute force to cancel all its trickeries.

Very quickly, under everyone’s bewildered gazes, changes occurred within the Jade Spring World’s entire skies.

The skies turned dark-red, with rays of radiances traversing within, with even splendorous jade radiances shining.

Then, these radiances gradually faded.

The Jade Spring World’s skies slowly returned to normal.

All of a sudden, the seal entrapping them for two thousand plus years had finally dispersed.

Daoist Qing Zhang and the others aside, even Tong Xinlin, Guang Tongzi, and the others remained silent. All of them were filled with confusion, at a loss at the sudden change of situation.

Currently, dark-red radiances were only flickering by the upper skies of the Golden Cloud Mountain within the skies.

Under the overwhelming aura’s permeation, two silhouettes appeared within the red radiance.

A longsword, and someone.

The longsword seemed ancient and rustic, yet it was the origins of the dark-red sword-light!

From within, the aura of desolation and barrenness from time reaching its end and lifespan reaching its ending point were permeating.

The void surrounding the longsword was gradually collapsing, pulling the surrounding objects closer to it.

As if the space it was situated in was heading toward destruction.

If one stared intently at that ancient sword, they would feel like they existed in different spaces. The sword seemed so far away that no matter how much they closed in, they wouldn’t ever reach it.

One of the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords, the Immortal Trapping Sword!

Ranked at the same level as the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, the Immortal Trapping Sword lay down the complete Immortal Extermination Formation.

As for the silhouette facing the Immortal Trapping Sword from afar, he was a Daoist sitting in a lotus position. His eyes were shut tight, and only silence was heard from him.

Vitality was already robbed away from this Daoist’s body. However, his body remained unrotten, and white-jade luster was flickering on the surface of his skin.

While he was already dead silent, his presence didn’t pale compared to the Immortal Trapping Sword when hovering above the sky. Only, since he had no vitality, he resembled a sword more than the Immortal Trapping Sword, who was beaming with its majestic aura.

However, its sublime and ice-cold ferociousness still left everyone in shock.

Tong Xinlin and the other Jade Spring World’s inhabitants saluted, “Greetings to the Grand Master!”

Undoubtedly, that Daoist’s body belonged to the Jade Clear bigwig – the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity. It was his cadaver after his perishment.

“This junior pays respect to the Jade Cauldron Grand Master.” Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di also saluted to the cadaver solemnly.

However, at that moment, billowing glazed Buddha lights suddenly surged between the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver.

A white lotus suddenly blossomed within the dark-red sword-light.

As the white lotus’ fragrance permeated, chantings of the Buddhist scriptures resounded.

A strong presence descended, rendering almost everyone present unable to move.

“Sword Buddha!” The heart of Tong Xinlin and others sank.

With the seal disappearing, the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Jade Cauldron’s cadaver had reappeared in the world.

At the same time, the Sword Buddha sealed along with the Jade Spring World descended upon the mortal realm once again!

The white lotus spun in the air and headed toward the Immortal Trapping Sword.

However, at the same time, a deafening shriek resounded.

Boundless Demonic qi skyrocketed. The colossal Demon Monkey leaped upward and grabbed toward the white lotus.

With the Demon Monkey’s bellow, the pressure imposed on the Jade Spring World’s citizens was suddenly lifted, and their movements weren’t hindered any longer.

Being impacted by the Demonic qi, the white lotus was shaken away. As the glazed Buddha lights surged, his marvelousness was dispersed by a huge margin.

The silhouette of a Buddha now appeared on the white lotus.

That Buddha was wearing a grey monk garment, and his face was just like any average person. Behind his shoulder, a slanted sword sheath was hanging.