Chapter 1524 - The Legend Of Yore

Chapter 1524: The Legend of Yore

“Let me boast a little. While my father and I are still in the Profound Immortal Realm, most Virtual Immortals in the world can’t even contend against us.” Yan Zhaoge curled his lips, “Daoist Qing Zhang, you fought with me as well just now and should know this at the very least. The one you’re placing your hope on should not be a Profound Immortal.”

He raised his head and looked toward the sky, “While the Immortal Trapping Sword is strong, and even borrowed the strength of the Jade Cauldron Grand Master’s cadaver, it’s still a masterless sword. Without the Jade Cauldron Grand Master being alive, it can’t possibly suppress a bonafide Grand Heavenly Immortal. This theory applies to even Buddhism’s Buddhas, the Demon Race’s Great Sages, and the Nine Underworlds’ Great Devils.”

“With that being the case, there aren’t many possibilities remaining.” Yan Zhaoge lowered his head to look at the three, “Is it a heretic Grand Heavenly Realm expert? Is he from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus or the Immortal Court? Oh, right. Do you all know the existence of the Immortal Court?”

Yan Zhaoge pierced Daoist Qing Zhang’s body with his sword, allowing his sword-qi to traverse throughout Daoist Qing Zhang’s body. Hence, Daoist Qing Zhang was rendered immobile.

Daoist Zhen Zhao appeared to be dejected.

Yao Yunzheng snorted, “So what if you all guessed it? If you intend to leave the Jade Spring World, you must unleash the seal. No matter what, going against him is inevitable!”

They didn’t mention it purely because they hoped Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di would face him without any preparations.

Now that Yan Zhaoge managed to guess it, they didn’t see the need to hide it any longer. Daoist Zhao Zhen said, “Immortal Court? We don’t know anything about that, but the one being sealed within the Immortal Trapping Sword is indeed a Blessed Lands’ Buddha!”

“If you want to call him a heretic, heh. While orthodox itself had changed its meaning, he’s still a Buddhism bigwig of the central Blessed Lands of Saha lineage. How could he be considered a heretic?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly. Rather than showing any sense of mockery, he was merely expressing pity, “Which is why I said, there are some things you all don’t understand.”

This place had been shut-off for two thousand years. Perhaps, due to coincidence, they had never come in contact with the Immortal Court before.

As for the Western Pure Lands resurfacing within the world, they were oblivious of it.

The Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity might have known these but had no time to inform his successors about this matter.

Yan Di’s figure flew out from the Golden Cloud Mountain’s mountain range and stared at them coldly.

Something else attracted the two’s attention. From the western part of the Golden Cloud Mountain, rays of sword-lights soared across the skies.

The duo was made up of one man and a woman. The two were both in the Profound Immortal Realm.

The woman’s cultivation was higher and was in the Four Qis Fused Aura Realm. As for the man, he was in the Duo Qis Fused Aura Realm and seemed as if he had just passed the Pure Profound Tribulation not long ago.

The two halted their advancements, with looks of bewilderment appearing on their faces. They looked at everyone with faces of uncertainty.

Yan Zhaoge turned to look at them. After looking at them, he frankly said, “I’m Yan Zhaoge, and this is my father, Yan Di. My grandfather is called Yan Xintang, and my grandmother is called Di Qinglian. May I know how you two should be referred to?”

Through their reactions, he sensed that these two were different from Daoist Qing Zhang and the others.

They seemed to have been alerted by the blood ritual performed in the Golden Cloud Mountain and came here to check the situation.

However, they were inhabitants of the Jade Spring World as well.

Besides, judging from the momentum of their soaring sword-lights, their foundations were one of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s Veracious Sword Nine Styles. Only, it was slightly different from what Daoist Qing Zhang had learned.

It seemed like she was also of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s lineage. Only, since they originated from different branched sects, their developments ended up being different.

Upon hearing the names of Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian, the two’s figures trembled.

After calming their minds, they performed a kowtow to Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di and did a self-introduction.

“Greetings, you two. I am Tong Xinlin, of the Frigid Stellar Mountain’s Tranquil Boulder Cave,” said the woman.

“I am Guang Tongzi, of the Green Pine Mountain’s Zephyr Blazing Valley,” said the man.

After Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di greeted them, Tong Xinlin and Guang Tongzi looked at Daoist Qing Zhang and the others with a complex expression.

“Daoist Qing Zhang, were you all attempting to break out of the seal?” asked Tong Xinlin.

Daoist Qing Zhang remained silent. Yan Di coldly said, “To be precise, they intended on performing a blood ritual on us to break through the seal.”

He glanced at those born from the Jade Spring World, “How are my parents’ conditions?”

Tong Xinlin sighed while Guang Tongzi softly answered, “The two seniors sacrificed themselves for our entire Jade Spring World. They conducted a blood ritual on the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Jade Cauldron Grand Master’s cadaver to lay down a seal in the Golden Cloud Mountain.”

Upon hearing his words, Yan Di shut his eyes, raised his head, and remained silent. Yan Zhaoge didn’t say anything as well.

Guang Tongzi added, “Only, this seal is unique, and engulfed the entire Jade Spring World. It made us unable to leave, making us isolate ourselves from the world.”

Due to the seal, space here had also become unique.

The World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens were much bigger than this Jade Spring World. Hence, normally speaking, the strength of boundaries there should have been much more resilient.

However, when Immortal Realm experts brawl in the World beyond Worlds or the Roving Jade Heavens, they had to be extra cautious. Otherwise, they might tear the boundaries apart, bringing destruction to the world.

If the two were strong enough, it could even bring about absolute annihilation.

As such, when Immortal Realm experts fought against each other, they either had to hold back or go all-out in the cosmic void outside of these territories.

However, Daoist Qing Zhang went all-out just now within this Jade Spring World, and Yan Zhaoge did the same. In the end, no major damages took place.

This should partly be the contribution of the seal.

“Who is the one being sealed here?” After a while, Yan Zhaoge finally asked.

Tong Xinlin’s expression turned stern. She said word by word, “The Sword Buddha!”

Yan Di repeated, “Sword, Buddha…”

Having a Buddha title meant that a bigwig had attained enlightenment through Buddhism. In other words, he was someone comparable to Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal.

While he was a heretic Grand Heavenly Realm from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, he was still a Buddha.

The “Sword” title in his name was also worth mentioning. While Buddhism’s Shaolin encompassed a myriad of styles, they didn’t have much related to the sword.

However, exceptions always exist. There was once a Buddhist born even before Monk Sanzang.

While he entered Buddhism, he was still highly passionate about the path of the sword. In the end, he established another path in Buddism’s martial art lineages, using the samsara of six paths as a gateway to the sword, creating his very own Samsara Sword Manual in the process.

At that time, outsiders referred to him as Buddhism’s Sword Master, which later changed to the Sword Bodhisattva.

Progression in the path of the sword was slow and arduous. Since the Sword Buddha established his Buddhism sword path, he had to continuously venture forward while unearthing newer discoveries, making his progression even harder.

After the end of the Middle era, the central Blessed Lands of Saha transformed into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, causing many Buddhism Bhantes to leave that place. The Sword Bodhisattva was among one of them.

However, after the Great Calamity, when the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court were fighting against each other, the Sword Bodhisattva, who had remained missing for many years, represented the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus during the war.

At that time, he had already passed the Origin Heavenly Tribulation and attained the enlightenment of the white lotus. Everyone had to refer to him as the Sword Buddha.

In recent years, most people, including Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di within, had heard more about the Sword Buddha’s disciple – the new generation Sword Buddha. Known to excel even his own master, he was now the Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su.

As for the previous generation Sword Buddha, he remained isolated from the world for many years.

“He is right there.” Tong Xinlin pointed toward the sky and said with a stern expression.