Chapter 1523 - There Are Some Things You Won’T Understand

Chapter 1523: There Are Some Things You Won’t Understand

He wasn’t the only one affected. Yan Zhaoge also sensed explosive saber qis by the lower part of the mountain valley.

Naturally, that was Yan Di’s counterattack.

Its mightiness caused the three’s expressions to turn stern, robbing away a little optimism from them.

While they could tell that Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were already in the Tranquil Profound Immortal Realm, Yan Di’s exceptional performance still exceeded their expectations greatly, “Is this the strength of a Profound Immortal?”

However, despite being taken by surprise, they weren’t in a state of panic.

Daoist Qing Zhang’s expression remained calm, and he held a shortsword in his hand.

The entire shortsword was crafted with white jade, its surface glistening with luster. Only, its surface was filled with cracks, making it seem so fragile that it might break apart at any time.

However, the sword intent contained within was filled with majestic profundities, retaining its marvelousness.

Under Daoist Qing Zhang’s control, sword-lights flickered from the white jade shortsword, as if it was coming in contact with some existence in the sky.

When thinking back to Daoist Zhao Zhen’s mentioning of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver being part of the seal, Yan Zhaoge guessed that Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity might’ve left behind this white jade shortsword.

This allowed Daoist Qing Zhang and the others to lay down so many preparations, using their limited capabilities to transform the seal to attempt breaking out of it.

However, if this was all they had, their chances of escaping seemed extremely grim.

With how ruthless the Immortal Trapping Sword was, failure would only result in extremely dire consequences. Even death was considered normal.

However, if they conducted a blood ritual unto Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, while their chances of success might be uncertain, it still added some slivers of hope.

Even if they failed, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di would be the ones handling the consequences. Daoist Qing Zhang and the others had the opportunity to make a comeback later on.

Under Daoist Qing Zhang’s command, the blood radiances enveloping the entire Golden Cloud Mountain became even more vigorous.

The pressure inflicted onto Yan Zhaoge became more and more jarring.

This result made his heart sink a little.

He wasn’t worried about himself. Instead, what they said earlier might’ve been the truth.

At the very least, Yan Xintang or Di Qinglian must’ve conducted a blood sacrifice to place this seal using the Immortal Trapping Sword.

Otherwise, the same conduct of blood ritual wouldn’t have such glaring effects on Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

This implied that the connection between bloodlines was taking effect.

“Alright, I admit. I don’t understand what you’re all thinking.” Feeling the pain throughout his body, Yan Zhaoge let out a long sigh, “Just like how some things are beyond your understanding, right?”

As he spoke, Yan Di’s attacks became stronger and stronger, as if he wasn’t affected at all.

An Iridescent Cloud floated atop the mountain valley, which then bloomed like a lotus. It was enshrouded in haziness, permeating the feelings of chaoticness.

The instant the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud appeared, the influence of the blood ritual upon Yan Di decreased significantly.

“What is that thing?” Daoist Qing Zhang’s expression changed. He took in a deep breath and pointed his white jade shortsword toward Yan Zhaoge.

Red radiances coalesced together instantly, becoming more concentrated as they started shining upon Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, and dark-red splendors emitted from his body.

The chaos within his body calmed down his spirit that was experiencing the rampageous scorching sensation.

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge extended his finger and started tracing his fingers mid-air. Dark-red sword-lights danced around, forming several sword formations.

As these sword formations soared about, the oppressive force of the Golden Cloud Mountain was continuously disintegrating.

Upon seeing his actions, Daoist Qing Zhang’s expression changed thoroughly.

While Yan Zhaoge didn’t show his outstanding prowess, he diligently disintegrated the seal entrapping him within the blood ritual. The subtleness of his actions made Daoist Qing Zhang, who was well aware of what he was doing, be taken aback with shock.

In contrast, Yan Zhaoge being proficient in the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual wasn’t all that shocking to them anymore.

“Leave!” Daoist Qing Zhang made the call resolutely and turned around, feeling toward the deeper parts of the cave.

There, they had some paths of escape.

However, at that moment, Yan Zhaoge started taking action.

After resolving the oppression inflicted by the red radiances, his figure shook. Rays of air streams intertwined together, forming a Heaven Splitting Halberd.

Boundless darkness broke apart, causing brilliant splendors to bloom. Then, Yan Zhaoge rushed toward the cave.

As dark-red sword-lights flickered, Yan Zhaoge speedily chased after the three.

Dark-red sword-lights also appeared around Daoist Qing Zhang’s body.

He used the Jade Clear Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s Immortal Trapping Sword Manual, lost to the outside world.

He brought Daoist Zhao Zhen and Yao Yuncheng along with him, soaring with sonic speed. His speed didn’t pale compared to other Prime Clear Profound Immortals who cultivated the Immortal Trapping Sword.

Unfortunately, while he was fast, Yan Zhaoge was even faster.

As the red lights flickered, the distance between the two continuously got closer and closer!

As soon as they rushed out of the spatial crack from the cave, Yan Zhaoge had already chased up them.

Seeing how none of them could retreat, Daoist Qing Zhang retained his composed look, remaining calm and collected. Suddenly, he launched a counterattack, piercing his sword toward Yan Zhaoge!

Wherever his sword passed through, all lives ceased to exist any longer.

The Nine Heavens’ winds, the lava underground, the profound ice deep within the sea, the divine sky’s viridescent thunder… The entire world seemed to have changed. Creation solidified into an indestructible sword, which instantly slashed through the void.

The instant Yan Zhaoge rushed out of the spatial crack, he was instantly trapped between the two layers of space.

Daoist Qing Zhang’s attack timing was extremely precise.

His sword even showcased the essence of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s Jade Clear sword art.

Within the sword, the two styles among the Jade Clear Veracious Sword Nine Styles – the “Eradication of Life” and the “Engulfment of Everything” fused, reaching a state of perfection.

He knew that Yan Zhaoge was proficient in the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual. Hence, this sword contained even his understandings toward the Jade Clear Immortal Trapping Sword, hoping to negate all possibilities of Yan Zhaoge escaping.

“Nice attack.” Yan Zhaoge cheered. However, he didn’t bother dodging at all. Dark-red sword-lights were released throughout his entire body, forcefully freezing all the changes happening between the boundaries of the two spaces.

Then, he punched forward, causing his Taiyi Fist’s fist intent to engulf the surroundings. He stopped Daoist Qing Zhang’s sword from transforming any further and accurately located Daoist Qing Zhang’s original sword.

Upon reaching his front, he flicked his finger on Daoist Qing Zhang’s sword.

Daoist Qing Zhang’s entire body trembled and suddenly couldn’t hold his sword steadily anymore.

He was highly decisive as well. He threw his sword toward Yan Zhaoge and attempted to retreat.

However, with a pinch of his two fingers, Yan Zhaoge held the sword firmly.

Then, Yan Zhaoge pierced his sword forward. As if the heavens opened and the earth split, the sword immediately reached the front of Daoist Qing Zhang.

His two fingers pinching on the sword tip turned ninety degrees, horizontally slashing across Daoist Qing Zhang’s neck.

Daoist Qing Zhang quickly evaded, barely able to avoid injuring his neck. However, Yan Zhaoge spun the sword again, and the sword tip faced him again, piercing through the old Daoist, nailing him onto the floor!

Naturally, Daoist Zhao Zhen and Yao Yuncheng had no means of escaping. Yan Zhaoge extended his hand and grabbed them in his palms.

“Alright. Now, we can finally talk.” Yan Zhaoge’s expression remained unfazed and looked toward Daoist Qing Zhang, whose expression was filled with dire grimness.

He didn’t ask why they had to attack Yan Di and him. Instead, he asked, “What did the Immortal Trapping Sword’s seal? Or rather, who is it sealing?”

The three remained silent.

“What’s wrong? Thinking of tricking me into opening the seal and hoping for that ensnared person to take revenge for you all?” Yan Zhaoge chuckled.