Chapter 1536 - Silhouette Of Eternity

The Immortal Trapping Sword’s sword-light formed that tiny spot of light. Albeit seemingly diminutive, it was massive enough to create its very own world.

Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan flew within. After the dark-red splendors dispersed, they saw Yan Di quietly sitting by the void.

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud was hovering above his head. It blossomed like a lotus and was swaying gently.

Yan Di nodded to the two and retracted his gaze, silently staring at the other side of the void.

Following his gaze, what appeared in Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan’s eyes was an image embedded within time, never to fade at any given time.

Within the image, a Buddha whose face was ruthlessly menacing. As he wielded his sword, the Buddha remained sanctimonious, his figure blotting the entire skies of all lights. His killing intent permeated through the realm as if hell itself was descending upon the human realm.

Beneath the Buddha was a man in purple and a woman in white, standing side-by-side. Their backs were facing Yan Zhaoge and the rest.

The man in purple wielded his sword with his left hand, while the woman in white wielded her sword on with her right. Their other hands were in each other’s grasps.

Other than their silhouettes, Yan Zhaoge and the others saw the pair of man and woman looking at each other, their half-showing faces containing a smile, with no hints of fear being shown.

The image was frozen in place, the dark-red brilliance resembling tapestries. They inscribed the very moments of the final scene during that year, seeming so realistic as if they were truly present at the moment.

As Yan Zhaoge and the others looked at the image, that final scene emerged within their minds. They watched as the pair of husband and wife remained fearless, holding their hands together to fight the Sword Buddha who had transformed into Infernal itself.

Thinking back to his ancestors disregarding the consequences of death, even Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but be fascinated. He solemnly bowed to the two silhouettes once again.

Gao Qingxuan remained in her position, just like Yan Di. Like statues, they quietly stared at the two silhouettes and remained silent for a long moment.

Unlike Yan Zhaoge, who had never interacted with Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian personally, images of Di Qinglian’s smiles were now floating across Gao Qingxuan’s mind.

Among the Vine Sovereign’s disciples, Gao Qingxuan had the closest relationship with her junior apprentice-sister – Di Qinglian.

Or rather, the two disciples with the closest bonds were the two.

When Di Qinglian ventured out with Yan Xintang, she even visited Gao Qingxuan and Long Xingquan. Yet, Gao Qingxuan didn’t expect that to be their final moment of parting.

Gao Qingxuan, who was usually poised and calm, couldn’t control the ripples of emotions undulating within her heart, causing feelings of sorrow to inevitably fill her up.

“Master, junior apprentice-sister had never regretted her choice. If you witnessed this, would you be relieved?” Recalling the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying, who had perished not long ago, Gao Qingxuan became even more anguished.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Gao Qingxuan from the side and let out a sigh.

On the other side, Yan Di was still staring at the two silhouettes, remaining in place and keeping his silence.

Perhaps due to his Grand Simplicity Splendour Clouds, no memories of his parents appeared in his mind.

However, precisely because of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Clouds, all the major and minor sword intents left behind by the two gave him the sense of closeness, forming a jarring familial bond between them.

Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian had never once fulfilled their duty as parents and never cared for nor accompanied their children. Even as parents, they didn’t know how to take care of a child.

However, before their child was born, they had already given the best of everything to their very own son.

Despite never interacting with his parents, Yan Di could still feel their immense love even after thousands of years had passed.

“Are the things outside over already?” After a long while, Yan Di finally stood up and turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “We slew the Sword Buddha and took revenge for grandfather and grandmother.”

“Revenge we have taken, but their last wish we have not fulfilled.” Yan Di turned to look at the mural-like image, “I think they’re the same as the Exalted Wood Luminary, the Dim Radiant Yin, and Bright Connection Hu. They didn’t just hope for their revenge, but hoped more to see our orthodox Daoism’s flourishment, our brilliance shining through the entire universe.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded slowly, “That day is getting closer and closer.”

“Let’s go,” said Gao Qingxuan, finally calmed her emotions down.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both nodded. Together, they left the world created by the Immortal Trapping sword-light, reappearing back in the Jade Spring World.

The Jade Spring World was currently arranging matters of migration. With so many people helping with the arrangements and Immortal Realm experts assisting them, they didn’t waste that much effort to get everything settled.

To the regular citizens or even low-level cultivators, everything might even be happening without them being aware.

Watching the Jade Spring World furthering away, Tong Xinlin and the others were silent for a while. However, very quickly, they came back to their poised self.

Just as they proclaimed, even without the threats coming from the heretics, the Jade Spring World will eventually succumb to its end not long after. They should’ve been searching for a new habitat long ago.

While things were happening faster than they anticipated, they had already possessed the mental preparation for doing so.

Daoist Qing Zhang, Yao Yuncheng, and the forces surrounding them would not pose a threat.

By Tong Xinlin’s request, Yan Zhaoge allowed her to deal with the internal affairs of the Jade Spring World.

As a result, Tong Xinlin brought a massacre in the opposition lineage with lightning speed.

To those who weren’t aware of the details, they were merely told that Daoist Qing Zhang, Daoist Zhao Zhen, Yao Yuncheng, and the others had perished by the hands of the Sword Buddha.

With this, those who remained were the same as the others, who viewed the heretics as their source of vengeance.

Initially, Daoist Qing Zhang’s side didn’t lack any supporters, primarily due to the Jade Spring World losing any hopes of liberation even after thousands of years.

Now that they were finally liberated, hope presented itself right before their eyes once again. These thoughts were naturally relinquished. After being subdued by Tong Xinlin and the others, that group had thoroughly lost motivation for their radical movements.

Yan Zhaoge did not comment on this matter. Now that the main culprit was slain, he didn’t see the need to kill those who corrected their stances.

While Wang Guan, Qu Su, and the others had witnessed Yan Zhaoge’s killing of Daoist Zhao Zhen and Yao Yuncheng, those who remained were merely like-minded individuals who supported Daoist Qing Zhang’s ideals. Since they weren’t related to him at all, there was no need to bicker with them.

At times, choosing who to place their faith in was a subjective matter.

As long as they saw hopes of orthodox Daoism’s restoration to their formal glorious days and knew that their choices were correct, that alone would suffice.

“Is there news regarding the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord?” Yan Di asked Yan Zhaoge on the way back.

“Whether they can find the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s accurate whereabouts is still an uncertainty.” Yan Zhaoge answered, “However, a concrete clue has indeed been discovered.”

Yan Di pondered, “If the Immortal Court’s heretics paid so much attention to this matter, this implies that they’re truly concerned about the whereabouts of the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord. This also implies that the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord is not the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.”

“The Incongruence Divine Mother was originally only planning to cover up for us. However, her interest had now been piqued as well,” said Yan Zhaoge.