Chapter 1538 - Two Swords In Possession

The battle between the Future Buddha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord broke out just like that.

“In that calamity, some of my friends never showed themselves at all.”

The Incongruence Divine Mother’s voice seemed to have traversed through the ancient times, leaping till present, “If we take the Southern Extremity and North Star’s words, they most likely perished by that jade door. However, as for the truth, I can’t be certain.”

The Queen Mother of the West’s Western Kunlun Jade Pond was defeated.

The Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s Eastern Viridescent Splendour World of Endless Joy succumbed to ruins.

The Primordial Suppressing Immortal’s Wuzhuang Temple had fallen into shambles.

Those few Daoism bigwigs had never appeared once in the Great Calamity, and no news about them was heard after.

The jade door first appeared in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and was naturally created by a bigwig in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace. Otherwise, such a move wouldn’t have slipped through so many people’s eyes.

However, the situation was still bizarre and made one confused when thinking back to it.

“If they could locate the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s whereabouts, we might acquire some pre-existing clues which lead to the truth of the past,” muttered Yan Zhaoge.

Regarding the Humanly Essence Stone, the possibility of risking a grave danger for it was improbable.

In the past, Yi Tianxia only managed to acquire the Humanly Essence Stone fragment solely because she took advantage of the battle between the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha, breaching through the opening created from the battle.

After the Immortal Court got wind of it, they couldn’t dispatch experts to go after it, as they were currently in a war against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. As such, only a small number of troops were dispatched to secretly locate the Humanly Essence Stone fragment and bring it back to the Immortal Court. In the end, Yi Tianxia managed to loot their findings.

The Humanly Essence Stone fragment was the most significant concern of the two sides, with many experts participating in the war.

The flames of battle were rekindled solely because of it. In fact, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha might even participate in the fight themselves.

Any attempt to take advantage of the situation would be too risky, even with all the luck gathered from the entire world.

The Incongruence Divine Mother was here mainly to inquire more information and clues regarding the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord.

If the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord wasn’t the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and did not perish by that jade door in the past, his current situation was worth paying attention to.

“In the past, when the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was about to ascend to the Dao Realm, he must’ve hoped to forcefully illuminate some of our Daoism’s experts, serving as an aid for him to ascend. That must have caused the jade door’s oppressional force.”

Yan Zhaoge let out a long sigh, “When the Maitreya Buddha achieved the great dao, he only used a part of the Humanly Essence Stone fragment. Meanwhile, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord used not only the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, but he also used the Heavenly Essence Stone.”

The tremble coming from the silhouettes’ intertwining within the jade door might be caused by other Daoism bigwigs who were attempting to prevent the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord from illuminating their brethren.

As the two sides were brawling against each other, the Future Buddha arrived, signifying the start of the calamity.

Later, with the destruction of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, most of the Three Clear Lineages were in shambles, while the vagrant cultivators who survived fled.

The great thousand worlds shattered apart, with the human civilizations’ thriving and flourishing culture in martial arts coming to an end.

In addition, most of mankind had perished without even knowing whatever had transpired.

If it were now, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, the Future Buddha, the Immortal Court, and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus would fight to preserve these people for their faith power.

However, to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord who was just birthed and foundations were still unstable, he required a cornerstone for its stabilization.

The Future Buddha would never grant the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord such a chance.

As a result, the human realm governed by Daoism did not transform into a purgatory.

It simply disappeared entirely.

Under the Buddha light’s basking, the territories governed by Buddhism remained peaceful. The blessed lands managed to avoid getting dragged into the calamity. In the end, the Future Buddha granted salvation to his citizens and was deemed as the savior of doomsday.

Firstly, internal warfare took place, and later the Buddhism adversity. The orthodox Daoism instantly plummeted down to the chasm. Even now, the efforts to recover from the damage still took place.

“A large batch of spineless heretics had also involved themselves within,” said the Incongruence Divine Mother calmly.

While his accumulation of faith power was relatively thin, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord still managed to recruit the Main Smallpox Emerald Cloud Origin Monarch – Yu Hualong, the Treasure Confinement Heavenly Monarch – Cao Bao, and many other orthodox Daoism experts originally belonging to the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, giving him sufficient numbers of vassals required for his reign.

“The Western Pure Lands had already struck a deal with the heretics a long time ago. Otherwise, the heretics wouldn’t have survived the preliminary ordeals.” Yan Zhaoge snickered.

After all, upon being created, the Immortal Court’s weakness was far too obvious. It happened way before orthodox Daoism’s troops were stuck in a dire situation.

Without a doubt, they could only pull through due to two reasons. One would be having outsiders providing aid, while the other would be an internal conflict arising in their opponent’s inner factions.

“If you think carefully about it, perhaps the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s genesis started under the Western Pure Lands’ influence.” The Incongruence Divine Mother’s tone was ice-cold.

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes: “We can’t entirely dismiss the possibility.”

“Let’s see if we can locate Daoist Eastern Extremity’s whereabouts.” The Incongruence Divine Mother lowered her tone.

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone looked toward the distance and remained silent once again.

On the other side of the boundless void, Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, Gao Qingxuan, and the others brought the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Jade Spring World’s natives back to the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

On the way back, after listening to Yan Zhaoge’s narration, everyone went silent.

“There’s another possibility which might explain the jade door’s appearance.” Yan Di’s voice was deep.

After a moment of silence, Yan Zhaoge nodded and said, “The other possibility would be it being crafted by someone. In fact, more than one person might’ve been involved in this process.”

However, to snatch for the final rewards obtained with the jade door’s creation, the group of people involved in this creation had an internal dispute.

“This possibility is comparatively much smaller. After all, before they even truly succeeded, an internal dispute had already occurred. In the end, nothing fruitful was obtained.” Yan Di said, “Those suspected to be involved with this were all Daoism’s few most top-notch bigwigs. Normally speaking, such a level of mistake shouldn’t have been made. However, human thought processes are unfathomable.”

“We can’t be certain as of now. Maybe, only those within the jade door are aware of the truth.” After letting out a sigh, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze returned to his usual calmness, “But, this doesn’t affect our path.”

Beside him, Feng Yunsheng smiled slightly.

A faint smile also appeared on Yan Di and Gao Qingxuan’s faces, their gazes remaining calm yet resolute.

“No matter what, if the war between the two heretic factions intensified, that remains as a positive notion for us. The more intense it is, the longer it drags on, the better it is for us.” Yan Zhaoge chuckled.

While the Pill Hall was excellent, while the Awakened Sky Cosmos was well-hidden, if Dao Realm bigwigs were to search for them carefully, colossal pressure would be imposed unto them even if Yan Zhaoge isolated himself from the world.

Only with their foes deterring each other would the Awakened Sky Cosmos last longer.

That was why Yan Zhaoge prioritized this matter so much.

Only by inciting a mess would peace be created for them.

The results now were unexpectedly better than anticipated, which gave Yan Zhaoge and the others the freedom of relief.

…

While Yan Zhaoge was relieved, the others weren’t.

When Wang Guan returned to the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace together with the Percussion Heavenly Lord, those that welcomed them frowned, “How did you get into such a mess?”

“Our opponents have a Ru Yi Golden Cudgel in their possession.” Wang Guan yawned, “The Immortal Trapping Sword had also fallen into the hands of the heretics.”

He held up two fingers, “The heretics now own two of them.”