Chapter 1533 - A Life For A Life

Chapter 1533: A Life For a Life

As the Demon Monkey wielded the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, demonic qi skyrocketed, causing the aura of mundaneness surrounding him to disperse.

Majestic demonic qi burgeoned, shattering the Human Realm of the Sword Buddha.

The battle between the two sides inevitably affected the Jade Spring World.

When the Sword Buddha transformed into the Human Realm, he was already merging the Jade Spring World’s world with it.

The clash between the two’s powers caused the world to become distorted, progressing to the verge of being torn apart.

Only, right now, the Sword Buddha, Qu Su, Wang Guan, and the Percussion Heavenly Lord couldn’t care about it any longer.

Because, due to the Golden Body of the Great Sage’s presence, Tong Xinling, Guang Tongzi, and the others weren’t frozen in place by the sonorous voice of the great dao.

Qu Su and the others’ focus weren’t on them either, which allowed Tong Xinlin and the other Jade Spring World’s martial art practitioners to escape.

Otherwise, just coming in contact with the ripples of their powers might just cost their lives.

The Human Realm of the Sword Buddha allowed no one to escape. Fortunately, the shift of all their attention to the Demon Monkey gave Tong Xinlin and the others some sense of freedom.

Some from the Jade Spring World escaped, while some remained to stabilize the Jade Spring World’s space after a momentary hesitation, protecting all the mortals living in this world.

Qu Su and Wang Guan couldn’t be bothered to interfere with their actions either. Their focus was all placed on the brawl against the Demon Monkey.

As such, they could only watch as Yan Zhaoge’s Fallen Deity Sword slashed upon the Jade Cauldron cadaver.

Being attacked by this sword, splendors surfaced on the surface of the cadaver, seemingly warm yet cold at the same time.

No wounds were seen from the surface of the cadaver. However, the splendors slowly dimmed down.

Upon seeing this, everyone came to a huge revelation.

With Yan Zhaoge’s current cultivation, the Fallen Deity Sword did not affect Grand Heavenly Immortals indeed.

However, the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity had already perished, with only a hollow cadaver left behind.

His cadaver was tough and was comparable to some godly defensive artifacts. Even Grand Heavenly Realm experts would have a hard time breaking it apart. However, ultimately, it was still a lifeless shell.

The Fallen Deity Sword could pull him down to the Grand Virtual Realm!

Yan Zhaoge stared at the Jade Cauldron cadaver, and a white-jade shortsword belonging to Daoist Qing Zhang appeared in his hand.

He took in a deep breath and broke the white-jade shortsword apart.

Then, he reversed the direction of the blade and pierced it into his own heart!

The sword pierced through his vitals so deeply, even the hilt could not be seen any longer. However, no signs of blood were being shown, and even Yan Zhaoge’s expression remained normal.

He drew some incantation symbols on the surface of the other half of the blade and threw it to the Jade Cauldron cadaver.

The broken white-jade shortsword transformed into a ray of jade radiance, which then fused with the Jade Cauldron cadaver.

Countless runes flew across Yan Zhaoge’s eyes like trails of lights.

At the same time, the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver trembled!

His eyes widened, and countless runes also flashed across his eyes.

Then, the Jade Cauldron cadaver raised his arm and opened his palm, causing dark-red radiances to flicker in the center of his palm.

The Immortal Trapping Sword hanging by the void flickered with red radiances and disappeared from the spot.

Without any time interval, the ancient sword appeared in the hands of the Jade Cauldron cadaver!

Yan Zhaoge was now in the Profound Immortal Realm. While he was considerably strong and was proficient in countless secret arts, he wouldn’t be capable of maneuvering the Immortal Trapping Sword or stimulating the Jade Cauldron cadaver unless he conducted a blood ritual, using his life as the price.

Even if he could, he wouldn’t be able to showcase its true mightiness.

However, with just a minor modification, he could turn the impossible into a possible scenario!

While the Jade Cauldron cadaver declined to the Grand Virtual Realm, he was still the Immortal Trapping Sword’s last owner. Before being refined by others, the Immortal Trapping Sword would heed his beckoning, instantly appearing in his hands with just a will.

Even if the might of the Grand Heavenly Realm ceased to exist any longer, under the sword intent’s compulsion, red radiances surged frantically on the surface of the Immortal Trapping Sword, permeating through the entire cosmos!

Wherever the sword-light passed through, the damaged boundaries of the Jade Spring World would be repaired, leaving no traces of destruction to be seen.

At the same time, countless ubiquitous sword radiances came slashing toward Qu Su, Wang Guan, and the others!

Immortal Trapping red radiances arose from the surroundings.

With this, even Grand Heavenly Realm experts were rendered unable to escape!

Upon seeing the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s eyes widening, Wang Guan was already letting out a long sigh, with his face facing the skies.

His drowsy look ceased to exist any longer. For the first time, his torpidness disappeared, and he stared at Yan Zhaoge with intent eyes.

“It’s hopeless now. Let’s go.” Wang Guan wanted to stop Yan Zhaoge’s actions. However, upon being distracted, the Demon Monkey wielding the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel leaped with a bellow, causing Wang Guan to shake his head helplessly.

He turned his mirror away, stashed away the heavily injured Percussion Heavenly Lord with his mirror light, and immediately rushed toward the outside world.

Under the Immortal Trapping Sword’s effects, not only did it stabilize the Jade Spring World, but it was also destroying the Sword Buddha’s Human Realm.

The mundane aura’s supply couldn’t keep up any longer and started becoming fainter and fainter, causing the intent of the mortal world to disappear. The Human Realm of the Sword Buddha started disintegrating as well.

The Demon Monkey immediately rushed forward, lifting his Ru Yi Golden Cudgel to strike!

The illusory path of the Human Realm was thoroughly shattered, causing the Sword Buddha’s figure to appear.

His complexion was pale white, with traces of blood leaking out from his mouth.

He intended to leave, but the rays of dark-red sword-lights bounded him to this area.

When he previously transformed into the Human Realm, he risked himself to gather Yan Zhaoge and the others together. Now that he could entrap his enemies no longer, he was trapped in his enemy’s grasp.

The Immortal Trapping Sword, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, and the Cold Sun Divine Saber instantly slashed toward the Sword Buddha.

Qu Su intended to save his master, but what awaited him was the ruthless Ru Yi Golden Cudgel!

Despite Qu Su’s exceptional capabilities, he was not able to withstand this unparalleled weapon alone.

He was unwilling to retreat. Using the marvelousness of his sword art to assimilate the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel’s viciousness, he intended to receive some injuries to open up a path for his master, allowing the two to leave together.

However, the Demon Monkey’s divine powers were not just for show. While the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel’s mightiness was all-encompassing, its transformation was also eternal. The cudgel was far more robust compared to Qu Su.

If he had such a hard time focusing, how could a distracted him be capable of doing anything noteworthy?

The sword and cudgel clashed against each other, causing the longsword in Qu Su’s hand to almost fly away. He only managed to stabilize himself by breadth.

Just as he intended to juke his opponent, the Sword Buddha could withstand no longer.

After transforming into the Human Realm, someone else instantly shattered his sword path, immediately resulting in his heavy injury.

Now, when facing the besiegement of the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, he had sunk into a dire situation.

While Feng Yunsheng was in the Grand Virtual Realm, her saber intent was far too profound and vicious. Previously, the Sword Buddha could not sense it at all. However, with his current injuries, he could feel his sword path declining every time Feng Yunsheng’s attacks landed.

“Two thousand years ago, to keep you here, junior apprentice-sister and Daoist Yan perished here.” Gao Qingxuan said in a deep tone, “Today, my brethren shall slay you in the same place and comfort their spirits in the heavens.”

Dark qis wreathed around the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, with overwhelming might crashing toward the Sword Buddha.

Similarly, the Immortal Trapping Sword’s red radiances also blotted the skies as it flickered, forming a red-black vortex together with the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, devouring the Sword Buddha within.

“Ji!” The Sword Buddha raised his sword to welcome the horrifying attacks, capable of obliterating an entire world.

However, at that moment, the Demon Monkey who forced Qu Su back suddenly turned around and struck his cudgel backward!

The Sword Buddha, no longer capable of defending another attack, was struck in the head by this Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, shattering it apart!