Chapter 1535 - Place Of Belonging

While Gao Qingxuan was saying so, she wasn’t all that worried about their group.

She looked toward the Jade Spring World.

After defeating Qu Su and Wang Guan, Yan Zhaoge and the others had no difficulties using this chance to retreat.

Only, the Jade Spring World that remained here might be doomed for.

This area was the same as the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens in the past. Before their coordinates were exposed, outsiders would know nothing of their actual location. Now that they were exposed to the world, others with malicious intentions could cause trouble to this unmoving location.

Yan Zhaoge flung his hand, causing a sword to appear in his hand. This sword was piercing an old Daoist’s body.

“What goes around comes around.” Daoist Qing Zhang sighed, “My life will end by your hands. I only hope that you won’t involve my brethren in this matter.”

Yan Zhaoge calmly said, “That would depend on them. Just like you said previously, you reap what you sow.”

After he finished speaking, the longsword trembled, instantly tearing Daoist Qing Zhang’s body apart, his life ceasing to exist any longer.

Then, they entered the Jade Spring World again.

Tong Xinlin, Guang Tongzi, and the others welcomed them. Seeing Daoist Qing Zhang, Daoist Zhao Zhen, and Yao Yuncheng missing, they secretly let out a sigh but refrained from speaking any further. Instead, they just saluted to Yan Zhaoge and the others, “It’s all thanks to you all defeating the heretics that our Jade Spring World can remain safe and sound.”

“You’re far too polite.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Being able to defeat our opponents and slaying the Sword Buddha to gain revenge for my grandparents was all thanks to the Jade Cauldron Grand Master’s cadaver.”

The Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver was currently hovering beside Yan Zhaoge. He had already returned to his peacefulness, with his eyes remaining shut.

The aura he contained and the luster surrounding him were slowly recovering to his initial Grand Heavenly Realm.

The other half of the jade sword had already returned to Yan Zhaoge’s hand.

“Our forefathers above supporting our younger generations. This is the sign that our Three Clear Lineage won’t face its end.” Yan Zhaoge bowed solemnly at the Jade Cauldron cadaver.

Feng Yunsheng and Gao Qingxuan did the same.

The Jade Cauldron cadaver had played a considerable part in forcing their opponents into retreat and killing the Sword Buddha for the sake of vengeance.

Seeing their actions, Tong Xinlin and the others said with a solemn expression, “Our brethren dare not forget our forefathers’ protection.”

Yan Zhaoge’s words had also showcased his intentions.

He was in a tight situation and had to temporarily borrow the Jade Cauldron cadaver to deal with their opponents. He harbored no intentions of disrespect and could never possibly refine the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver into his clone.

It wasn’t because he held the Jade Spring World’s opinions in high regard. Instead, the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity was a Jade Clear bigwig, the Jade Clear’s forefather, and Grand Master. Giving him the respect he deserved was a natural thing to do.

While Yan Zhaoge himself wasn’t of the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s lineage, his grandfather – Yan Xintang, was. Honoring the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity’s cadaver befitted the rite of respect for the elders.

Of course, Yan Zhaoge would take away the Immortal Slaughtering Sword. He didn’t see the need to discuss it with anyone.

After experiencing the previous matters, Tong Xinlin and the others had no more hopes of keeping the Immortal Trapping Sword any longer. Yan Zhaoge’s respect toward the Jade Cauldron cadaver was already comforting enough for them.

“However, two of their Grand Heavenly Realm experts escaped. The Jade Spring World’s coordinates aren’t a secret anymore.” Yan Zhaoge said, “While I don’t know when they will return for sure. What decisions do you have in mind?”

“We shall slowly discuss where we will go from now on.” Tong Xinlin didn’t have to look at the others. She frankly said, “However, just as you said, the Buddhists and heretics will return. Moreover, we can’t possibly contend against their Grand Heavenly Realm experts. If we don’t intend on going astray, we can only leave the Jade Spring World.”

She smiled slightly, “While it is indeed hard for us to part with our hometown, the Jade Spring World is far too old, reaching even the state of declining already. Even without any external foes, I can already foresee us walking toward our end.”

Guang Tongzi and the other Jade Spring World’s inhabitants nodded.

“When the Jade Spring World was sealed, we could only watch as the end dawned upon us, helplessly. Now that we are unbounded, and the ray of sunshine reappeared in our sight, what problems will leaving the Jade Spring World bring?”

Tong Xinlin smiled bitterly and said, “In the previous battle, while the Immortal Trapping Sword’s sword-light protected our world, it was already stepping toward its destruction. Now that there isn’t any more time left for this place, our brethren have no rights to remain here any longer.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “If that’s the case, make your preparations as soon as possible.”

Yan Zhaoge and the others could assimilate the inhabitants of the Jade Spring World into their world. However, it required cautious planning.

While the Jade Spring World wasn’t as massive as the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens, it was still considered broad. The population was also sky-high.

Bringing these people in for a while would still be fine. However, giving them a new settlement to settle down, to continue reproducing and living, would be inappropriate in some ways.

Otherwise, suddenly having such a massive amount of migrants entering the Sky beyond Skies or the Roving Jade Heavens would be like a catastrophe to the natives.

Previously, when the Immortal Court lost their eight-hundred Immortal Territories, a vast majority of their populations were moved away by the Immortal Court beforehand and were forced into the other remaining two thousand and two hundred Immortal Territories.

However, the clash between the outsiders and the natives had vaguely affected the Immortal Court’s faith power.

Moreover, the addition of a massive group of martial art cultivators required an abundance of resources. These resources wouldn’t just appear from thin air.

The higher the expert’s cultivation realm, the more bewildering the resources they required in their growth journey.

As such, if the Awakened Sky Cosmos intended to absorb the people of the Jade Spring World, they would have to establish a brand new world.

To the Awakened Sky Hall, which had originated from the Pill Hall and had yet to achieve total stability, it was something that required careful and meticulous planning.

Of course, while absorbing these “refugees” posed significant difficulties, it didn’t come without any benefits. They weren’t just deadweights who merely took up resources.

Putting Tong Xinlin, a Four Qis Fused Aura Profound Immortal aside; there was still Guang Tongzi and other Daoism lineage Immortal Realm experts.

Such a large population would often imply the emergence of more prodigies.

The Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus could nurture people like Wang Guan, Yin Shiyang, and Qu Su comparable to Daoism and orthodox Buddhism’s experts, mainly due to their population surpassing the current orthodox Daoism.

The return of orthodox Daoism was a grand and lengthy task. The foundations of nurturing prodigies shouldn’t be forgone.

The World beyond Worlds had just undergone a disaster, with their current situation being unknown. Having so many people of the same lineage and being influenced by orthodox Daoism teachings in the Jade Spring World was still something uplifting for Yan Zhaoge and the others.

“Your father…” Naturally, other people were sent to handle the matters of migration. Tong Xinlin and Guang Tongzi remained behind to greet Yan Zhaoge’s group.

“My father is there.” Yan Zhaoge turned his head to look at Gao Qingxuan. Currently, both the Immortal Slaughtering Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword were in her hands.

At the very tip of the Immortal Trapping Sword’s hilt, dark-red splendors condensed into a small light spot, flickering at random intervals.