Chapter 1539 - Immortal Exterminating Sword & Immortal Ending Sword

Within the hall, a golden-eyed camel was lying in a prone position, while a Daoist in an attire of red was sitting on top of it. His face was an indigo color, and his hair was like cinnabars. Moreover, an eye was embedded on his forehead, giving him three eyes.

This Daoist welcomed the return of the Grandiose Dream Heavenly Lord – Wang Guan and the Percussion Heavenly Lord. Upon seeing the wounded Percussion Heavenly Lord, he came down from his golden-eyed camel and ordered the camel to carry the Percussion Heavenly Lord aside for healing.

“Your previous concerns weren’t for no reasons.” The Daoist said to Wang Guan, “As expected, the heretics are now coveting after the Immortal Extermination Four Swords.”

Wang Guan was listless, “Two swords. While they might be vicious, it’s within our tolerable scope. However, if they acquired all four, then that would truly be a problem. They have the complete Immortal Extermination Formation blueprint.”

The Daoist with three eyes said, “By the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s decree, we have come to an understanding regarding the matters of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords.”

“

Oh?

” Wang Guan was surprised to hear his words.

The Daoist said, “Right now, we do indeed have solid clues regarding the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor’s whereabouts. This matter is related to the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, and we shan’t overlook anything. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had behested us to pay close attention as well.”

“Then I’ll leave it to you all.” Wang Guan recovered his usual slothful expression, “Call me if something happens. In my expedition this time, I had already given it my all and require some rest and replenishment of sleeping time.”

The Daoist looked at Wang Guan and shook his head without wasting his time on any more blabbers. He only said, “Suit yourself. Just come when we ask you to.”

…

At the same time, a white lotus descended from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. It traversed through the myriad of Buddhist Lands, heading straight to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ central location.

Atop the lotus sat a teenager with long hair, who was wearing a kaseya. A longsword was placed horizontally on his knees.

He was the new generation Sword Buddha, the Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su.

Qu Su had a calm expression, with no hints of emotions to be seen. Upon entering a Land of Buddhism and arriving by a mountain’s gates, he descended.

Within the mountain gate, a golden Buddha was also sitting on a white lotus. Upon seeing Qu Su’s return, he said, “The Maitreya Buddha hath been made aware of the Sword Potante Buddha’s passing.”

While the heretics’ foundations were all on the treasured lights imbued with faith power and the Buddha lights, Grand Heavenly Realm experts had more freedom than that.

Otherwise, with how strong the Sword Buddha was in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, how could the Maitreya Buddha not search for him after his disappearance for two thousand years?

In the battle against the Immortal Court, several Immortal Court Grand Heavenly Immortals were required to face off against the Sword Buddha alone without an opponent with identical prowess.

His disappearance was a significant loss for the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Fleeing and deserting the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus wasn’t an easy feat. However, if the Sword Buddha were sealed by the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Jade Cauldron cadaver, even the Future Buddha would have difficulties searching for him.

Ultimately, the Sword Buddha only managed to ascend to the Grand Heavenly Realm due to the Buddha lights imbued with faith power, which played a crucial part in his ascension. If he perished, the Future Buddha would instantly notice it.

Qu Su nodded, “I covet for vengeance for my master and came to visit my liege for advice.”

The golden Buddha answered, “As per his adage, the time hath yet to ripe. Allowing the heretics to acquire another sword would be the opportune moment.”

“They must have used the Immortal Slaughtering Sword as guidance in the search for the Immortal Trapping Sword. Only, I can’t tell what secret art they used,” said Qu Su.

The golden Buddha chanted the Buddhist doctrine softly, “According to his judgment, a time interval exists in such a method, and can’t be cast frequently.”

Qu Su shut his eyes and opened it after a while, “I will pay attention to it.”

“This matter doth not just involve the Sword Potante Buddha’s perishment. There’s also the arising problem of the heretics growing stronger.” The golden Buddha said, “We will all pay heed to this matter.”

“My thanks to thee, Lotus Dissemination Buddha.” Qu Su pressed his hands together, “How is the situation concerning the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor?”

The Lotus Dissemination Buddha answered, “There are concrete clues for finding him. However, where he is currently, whether he is dead or not, we are still unaware.”

He lowered his head, “As per the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, the Humanly Essence Stone fragment in his possession was taken away by the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor before the Great Calamity. If no accidents occurred, the item should still be in his possession.”

“I shall return to my Land of Buddhism to sharpen my sword. Notify me if something were to occur.” Qu Su nodded and departed after bidding farewell with the Lotus Dissemination Buddha.

…

After the new Devil of Aged Metal was reincarnated, and the hopes of reincarnation for the Earth Devil and the Water Devil were abysmal, the Nine Underworlds Devils refrained from their persistence and returned to the Nine Underworlds.

In the process of return, they were besieged by several other forces, causing them significant casualties.

Even the Primordial Heart Devil and the Shadow Devil were inflicted with heavy wounds.

However, they were already satisfied with their triumphant return to the Nine Underworlds.

Currently, within the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea, in the Primordial Heart Devil’s human-like abode, a Devil Grand Heavenly Realm expert with the appearance of an old man was laying down on a boulder, as if he was resting.

Suddenly, the shadow beneath the boulder shook slightly.

“How’s the Devil of Aged Metal?” The old man asked without opening his eyes.

The Shadow Devil’s voice resounded from the shadow, “It’s better than expected.”

“That’s good to hear. He’s of our utmost priority right now.” The old man sighed and said, “How unfortunate for the Water Devil and the Earth Devil. Who knows how long we’ll have to wait for their return. Of course, the success of the Devil of Aged Metal still made everything worth it. Now, let us wait patiently.”

The Shadow Devil asked, “The Three Clear Lineage had already obtained two of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords?”

The Primordial Heart Devil widened his eyes and smiled, “That’s right. Other than the Immortal Slaughtering, the Immortal Trapping had also fallen into their hands.”

“Next would be the Immortal Extermination and the Immortal Ending,” said the shadow.

“It’s unrelated to us.” The Primordial Heart Devil said, “From now onward, no matter what changes happen, we’ll have to see how the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil reacts.”

The Shadow Devil said, “That’s regrettable. Besides, it’s quite risky as well.”

The Primordial Heart Devil calmly said, “Everything comes with a price.”

“Indeed…” The voice coming from the shadow became softer and softer and finally disappeared.

The old man looked at the breezy and sunny world in front of him and shut his eyes once more, continuing his leisurely rest on the boulder.

As for the vast world outside of the Nine Underworlds, the Immortal Court, the Western Pure Lands, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and the Demon Race were currently having intense warfare within the void’s boundless outskirts.

To Yan Zhaoge and the others, this was a precious moment for their development.

After acquiring the Immortal Trapping Sword, if they intended to continue searching for the Immortal Extermination Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword, Yan Zhaoge would have to wait forty-nine years before he could reenact that ritual.

Not to mention Immortal Realm experts, even to Martial Saints, forty-nine years or even fifty years were considered extremely short. They would only pass by in a mere instant.

A seclusion might even take longer than that.

However, to mortal citizens, half of their lifespan would be gone.

If reproduction was accounted for, at least two new generations will be produced, or maybe even more.