Chapter 1548 - Pursuit Of The Origin Heavenly

Chapter 1548 : Pursuit of the Origin Heavenly

The battle between the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha, the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race lasting until now was something Yan Zhaoge and the others were happy to see.

Just as Bai Tao said previously, when will the flames of war extinguish wasn’t something they could predict.

“Let us do what we’re supposed to do.” Yan Zhaoge let out a sigh and said to Cao Jie, “Forgive me for taking up so much of your time. Today is supposed to be your day, and I originally came here with my brethren to congratulate you.”

Cao Jie shook his head, “It’s fine.”

While he said that, Yan Zhaoge still ended their conversation, while Cao Jie went outside to meet the other guests.

Yan Zhaoge refrained from appearing, leaving the spotlight to Cao Jie alone.

Gao Xuebo slowed his footsteps and told Yan Zhaoge, “My father and mother came out of seclusion a few days ago. If the ritual shows any results, we can leave at any time.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded and asked, “How is senior apprentice-sister Yu faring? Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to visit the Roving Jade Heavens for the past few days.”

“Still unconscious.” Gao Xuebo sighed, “Her injuries were far too severe. While the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture could slaughter others ruthlessly, it turned to affect Little Ye due to her state at that time, making it harder for her to recover.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed as well. He was also aware of this theory.

However, no matter how bad her injuries were, it wouldn’t be as bad as Ying Yuzhen in the past.

After comforting Gao Xuebo, Yan Zhaoge stopped walking and watched the group leave. Then, he sat back on his chair and meditated with his eyes shut.

As Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes, the originally vivid room suddenly became murky, the space within slowly being blurred out, just like a field of chaos.

Within this blurry scene, Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes for a moment and widened them.

As he widened his eyes, the room did not regain its brightness, and only a tiny dark radiance spot was gleaming.

This spot of radiance was like candlelight blazing in the night. It seemed frail, constantly trembling as if it would extinguish at any given moment.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was filled with a depth of darkness. After a while, he raised his brow, “Searching without any guidance is futile. I require some clue.”

Throughout the past few years, Yan Zhaoge cultivated the Origin Heavenly Scripture, the foremost scripture among the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures’ Early Heaven Three Scriptures.

With the other nine Heavenly Scriptures collections with him, Yan Zhaoge’s Peerless Heavenly Scripture had been improving as well.

The more Yan Zhaoge studied the insight within the Origin Heavenly Scripture, the closer he felt he was to an invisible ceiling above his head.

As his cultivation got higher and higher, the effects of the Origin Heavenly Scripture became stronger and stronger. However, the Origin Heavenly Scripture wasn’t almighty. As the cultivators’ level got higher and higher, the more jarring this feeling was to them.

Otherwise, the Master Amidst Clouds, who was a Grand Heavenly Immortal, wouldn’t have perished.

As cultivators’ cultivation got higher, the clearer they could perceive the existences beneath them, as if no secrets could hide away from the X-ray vision. All kinds of complicated matters that were previously too complex to comprehend had shed themselves off any sorts of complications.

However, to those of a higher realm, valuable items would naturally become lesser and lesser.

Like how Yan Zhaoge was currently focusing on existences like the Immortal Extermination Sword and the Immortal Ending Sword, acquiring them was extremely difficult.

The Origin Heavenly Scripture would latch onto even a tiny bit of trace left behind and continue pursuing it while venturing forth, rendering everything inescapable within its powers.

However, existences like the Immortal Extermination Four Swords would demolish their traces left behind within space itself.

“Without using the Origin Heavenly Scripture as the foundation, its effects diminished by quite a huge margin.” Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes and lightly rubbed his temples.

The murkiness faded, with the room returning to its usual state.

As time passed quietly, Yan Zhaoge retained his peace of mind and meditated with his eyes closed until he felt the commotion outside dying down.

After a short while, Cao Jie returned to the room.

Bai Tao and Liu Zhenggu returned to the Western Continent and the Northern Continent, while the others would return later with Yan Zhaoge back to the Sky beyond Skies’ Central Continent’s Broad Creed mountain range.

After the ceremony ended, Cao Jie guided Yan Zhaoge to the Lord of Daoist Way’s cave manor ruins brought back by the Golden Court Mountain’s Grand Master.

The ruins were already integrated with the Golden Court Mountain. It was only the corner of a cave manor, and nothing eye-grabbing could be sensed from it.

However, faint emerald green signs of brilliance flashed within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes.

Within his mind, the sceneries of a different world appeared.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge felt as if he had jumped outside of the river of time and was swimming against the current flow.

Waves sparkled in front of his eyes while countless images flew across him very quickly. As if time was being reversed, Yan Zhaoge was brought back to the moment of the Great Calamity.

As the scenery changed, an exquisite mountain appeared before his sight.

“The Golden Court Mountain’s Jade Dweller Cave.” Yan Zhaoge instantly knew that this was the Lord of Daoist Ways’ cave manor before the Great Calamity.

However, very quickly, the Great Calamity embedded within Yan Zhaoge’s heart arrived.

It was completely different from his viewpoint in the Heavenly Court Divine Palace’s Martial Repository. The scene was much more tragic than he imagined.

As if the sky shattered like porcelain and as if the earth suddenly crumbled into specks of dust.

Amidst the turbulence, no bloodshed could be seen. However, the lives of billions were already long gone.

Rays of brilliance seemed to be flashing across space, preventing Yan Zhaoge from discerning everything.

Not only that, a few gazes could be sensed from within the brilliance, staring back at Yan Zhaoge, staring at him who was currently situated within the reversed time and space.

“Grand Heavenly Realm.” Yan Zhaoge wasn’t surprised at all. Without forcing anything, he retracted his gaze and only paid attention to the transformation happening within the Golden Court Mountain’s Jade Dwelling Cave.

He couldn’t see the process; he couldn’t see the sights of battle; he couldn’t see who brought about destruction; he couldn’t see the Lord of Daoist Ways. Finally, he couldn’t see the Immortal Ending Sword.

However, he watched as the sacred grounds transitioned from their exquisite state into ruination.

Under the Great Calamity, which collapsed the entire great thousand worlds, affecting the whole world with the ripples of its vigor, even the ruins slowly disintegrated, crumbling into smaller pieces.

Tha unfathomable brilliance disappeared, with only the void remaining in Yan Zhaoge’s sight.

The devastating scene permeated toward the faraway distance.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t pay attention to it any longer and instead focused on the dilapidated ruins.

As the fragments were being hurled into the distance, Yan Zhaoge felt as if he was situated within one of them. The distance between the ruin and him drawing further and further away.

Flickers flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s eyes. He stared tightly at the ruin’s remains until radiances shone across his eyes, making it as if he had sunk back into the river of time.

Regaining his consciousness, Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes and widened it again, the emerald green radiance in his eyes disappearing.

“How is it?” Cao Jie immediately asked upon seeing his actions.

“I couldn’t see the Lord of Daoist Way Grand Master and the Immortal Trapping Sword. However…” After pausing for a while, Yan Zhaoge said, “… There’s a high possibility that he perished during the Great Calamity, just like the Jade Cauldron Grand Master.”

“As for findings, I do have some. While it won’t direct us to find the Immortal Ending Sword directly, if we can find those locations, we might find the remains of the Daoist Way Grand Master. That would aid our ritual in locating the Immortal Ending Sword.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his chin, “Let’s see if we can locate the Immortal Extermination Sword first. If we do acquire some clues in the process, then we’ll look for the Lord of Daoist Way’s remains.”