Chapter 1547 - Good News And Bad News

Chapter 1547 : Good News and Bad News

“At first, it was just a pure coincidence that our sect’s name is the same as the Jade Clear Lord of Daoist Ways’ cave manor. After our establishment in the World beyond Worlds, more and more people reproduced in the Southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. The population had slowly increased and gave this mountain a name,” answered Cao Jie.

“However, perhaps this is fate. After establishing our sect, when my forebear was venturing within the void’s boundless outskirt, he found the ruins of the Lord of Daoist Ways’ cave manor – the Golden Court Mountain’s Jade Dwelling Cave existed before the Great Calamity.

Yan Zhaoge listened to Cao Jie’s words silently.

While he heard many others talking about similar situations before, he quietly listened to Cao Jie’s narration.

“Unfortunately, the ruin was but a mere corner of the cave manor. Moreover, it was dilapidated and destroyed, with nothing remaining within.” Cao Jie shook his head.

Yan Zhaoge pondered as he asked, “In other words, it was empty at that time, and only a corner of the dilapidated cave manor remained.”

“That’s right.” Cao Jie sighed, “My forebear recalled fondly how the sect and this cave manor had the same name and how they were both in the Three Clear Lineage. Hence, he decided to bring a fragment of that small ruin back to the World beyond Worlds, combining it with our Golden Court Mountain. As of now, it has become a part of our Golden Court Mountain.”

This was the reason why the World beyond Worlds’ Golden Court Mountain had never changed its name.

After pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge said, “Later, may I pay a visit to the original location of the ruins? Oh, and I beg you not to be offended by my abruptness.”

“No need to be so formal. Speak your mind,” answered Cao Jie.

Yan Zhaoge nodded and looked at the crowd present, “The Immortal Extermination Four Swords are extremely important for our Daoism’s goal of flourishing. If any of you got any clues, no matter how diminutive it is, please provide them to me.”

Everyone nodded.

Gao Xuebo said, “While we do have two swords with us, it’s better to leave one behind if we intend on searching for the others outside.”

It wasn’t only the orthodox Daosim yearning for the mighty Immortal Extermination Formation.

If other major forces had the chance to acquire it, they definitely wouldn’t just let it get away.

Nie Jingshen entering the Nine Underworlds could even bring about an unfavorable outcome.

The Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprint might have been leaked to the Nine Underworlds.

While Nie Jingshen participated in erecting the Immortal Extermination Formation and did not comprehend everything in the blueprint, Zhang Buxu died in the Nine Underworlds.

The Nine Underworlds might not have the complete Immortal Extermination Formation blueprint. However, not everything in this world would escalate as planned. If some accident occurred, preserving a sword inside the Awakened Sky Cosmos could prevent the complete Immortal Extermination Formation from being unleashed by outsiders.

Yan Zhaoge nodded silently.

Wang Pu softly said, “We can only conduct the ritual once every forty-nine years. Shall we delay the timing a little? Otherwise, some people outside might grasp the time interval in between.”

‘“No need.” Bai Tao shook his head, “Firstly, time and tide wait for no one. Right now, two of our enemy factions are in a war against each other and can’t pay much attention to us, which is convenient for us to do whatever we want to do. If we dragged on for a few more years, who knows when the war will end?”

This matter was related to the Immortal Court. Right now, Wang Pu was still a step away from the Exalt Realm, and Bai Tao didn’t find it appropriate to tell him everything yet, hence his unclear way of speaking. However, it was already enough to convey his meaning to Wang Pu, who helped Yue Zhenbei settle the daily affairs of the Jade Capital Crag.

“Almost fifty years had passed…” Wang Pu nodded.

The war between the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had been kindled continually for many years.

The peak period of their war might last from a few years up to a few decades. Whether their skirmishes were coming to an end or not still required observing the situation.

If counted starting from the separation of the World beyond Worlds, they fought for two decades.

Later, due to Mahamayuri’s unexpected appearance, their war came to an end.

Then, as news related to the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord and the Humanly Essence Stone fragment got out, the flames of their battle were rekindled, lasting until now.

“Secondly, after we acquired the Immortal Trapping Sword, our opponents never bothered to pay a closer notice. This implies that they’re aware of a pre-existing time interval, where there’s a long cooldown ahead before we can reenact our plan.”

Bai Tao sighed and said, “How can we ever underestimate the might of a Dao Ancestor? The first time we did it, they already predicted that we can’t do it again within a short amount of time. Even if they couldn’t make out the exact time interval, as long as our second ritual succeeded, the actual time interval won’t be a secret anymore.”

Wang Pu and him were peers of the same sect. Naturally, Wang Pu wouldn’t mind his euphemistic reminder, “I see. Even if this is a brand-new martial art, it still originated from this world’s great dao.”

“If we found the third sword, our opponents might call for a momentary truce to deal with us,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

“Only, it’s such a pity…” He leaned his back onto the chair and tapped his head, “The Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor had already perished.”

Everyone present let out a sigh.

In the past, Yan Zhaoge and the Incongruence Divine Mother worked together to release fake information, attracting the attention of the two heretic factions.

Yet, to their surprise, their information of deception was true. Clues regarding the whereabouts of the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, which was also the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor, had been found.

This was a piece of good news for Yan Zhaoge and the others. The two heretic factions declared another war against each other, giving the orthodox Daoism enough time to recover and a much laxer space of activity.

However, another bad news came along with it. One of Daoism’s oldest Heavenly Lord – the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, who was one of the top-three moguls within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, had already perished.

Around the period of the Great Calamity.

This outcome caused dejection among those of Daoism.

“At the very least, this proves that the Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor wasn’t the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord,” said Liu Zhenggu through a voice transmission, sending it to everyone except for Wang Pu.

Yan Zhaoge and the others nodded.

“This also proves that the fake Daoists and Buddhas viewed the Humanly Essence Stone with utmost importance.” The Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi also sent a voice transmission, “And, the newly-acquired fragment requires some time before having any effects.”

Little to no relics were left behind at the spot where the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord had perished. The most attention-grabbing item would be the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, originally belonged to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

To no one’s surprise, the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus exploded with another war for this fragment.

Even the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha took action as well. As the battle got more intense, the orthodox Buddhists of the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race of the Astro Mountain Starry Sea participated in the war.

The war ended with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus being the victor, with the Humanly Essence Stone fragment falling into the possession of the heretic Buddhists.

However, the results of the war had yet to be concluded.

On the contrary, it just intensified even more.

Especially when the two Dao Realm bigwigs – the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha were tangled in an endless brawl.

To them, the concept of time had already been blurred. Even the passing of ten thousand years was like a mere instant to them.

However, in the outside world, almost fifty years have gone by.

Thanks to this, Yan Zhaoge and the others could vaguely see some pattern.

The Future Buddha couldn’t possibly refine a piece of Humanly Essence Stone fragment within fifty years. However, he couldn’t possibly do it in one go either.

Under the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s interruption, the time required was extended further and further, preventing him from succeeding even to date.

This preserved the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s wishful thinking, which motivated him to continue the interruption, continuing their previous vie against each other.