Chapter 1552 - Commotions Arising, Upheavals Unending

Chapter 1552

:

Commotions Arising, Upheavals Unending

After Yan Zhaoge conducted the ritual, flashes of brilliance suddenly shone through a palace hall within the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace.

A slightly pale-faced Percussion Heavenly Lord was sitting within. His initially shut eyes suddenly widened, and he looked to his opposite.

A teenage-looking man sat there. He had a tall figure, had three heads, six arms, and a third eye on his forehead.

The teenage man quietly looked at a small bell by the hall.

The bronze-like bell was currently releasing a veil of brilliance and was swaying lightly, yet no sound could be heard.

A talisman was pasted on the bell. Currently, the patterns on the talisman were distorting and transforming, as if it came to life.

“Seems like the heretics made their move.” The three-headed and six-armed teenage man opened his three eyes and said, “Seems like they aren’t aiming for the Immortal Trapping Sword this time, but the Immortal Extermination Sword that my master wielded.”

The Percussion Heavenly Lord asked in a solemn voice, “Can you locate it?”

“If it were that easy, I would’ve found it a long time ago.” The teenage man shook his head, “We’re aware of it only because they made a move.”

“If we intend on locating it, we can attempt to use this bell. While it isn’t guaranteed, we have a chance of finding it.”

The teenage man looked at the Percussion Heavenly Lord, “I know that your wounds from the heretics have yet to heal even until now, and the pent-up anger within you has yet to disperse. Only, our Immortal Court is still fighting against the white lotus fiends and has no way of distributing our forces further down the line. Don’t be too rash, and don’t go on your own.”

The Percussion Heavenly Lord’s expression was gloomy. He said, “Relax, I know what you mean. I won’t lose my temper.”

“However, we can’t just do anything as well. It’s a rare occasion for those pests coming out of their cave, and we can’t let them go just like that.”

The teenage man nodded, “Right. But, just the two of us don’t suffice in handling this matter.”

He extended his hand and pointed to the small bell. The bell fell, landing in the man’s hand.

“You have yet to recover fully. I’ll go instead,” said the teenage man.

The Percussion Heavenly Lord stood up, “Sorry for bothering you, Daoist Yin. I shall await your triumphant return.”

The teenage man’s figure quivered, and he transformed into a stream of light. He shot out of the Immortal Court’s Heavenly Palace and headed toward the distance.

After traversing through layers of the void, he finally entered a specific cosmos, where countless Land of Buddhisms was interconnected together. Green lotuses bloomed, presenting a tranquil sight to behold.

The teenage man entered one of the Buddhist Lands and arrived at a temple. He lowered his head and said, “Yin Jiao requests to meet the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.”

A Buddhist Bhante pressed his hands together in front of the temple, “Please enter, Stationary Year Tai Sui Heavenly Lord. My master hath been waiting for thee.”

The Stationary Year Epoch Monarch Tai Sui Divinity of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past, the current Stationary Year Tai Sui Heavenly Lord of the Immortal Court – Yin Jiao, entered the temple.

Atop the green lotus in the temple sat a Golden Buddha reeking with the aura of archaicness. By the complete form of Buddha light hanging by the back of his head stood an archaic glazed lamp. It was the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

Seeing Yin Xiao’s arrival, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha smiled, “Seems like the third sword is the Immortal Extermination Sword.”

The small bell in Yin Jiao’s hand was now shaking silently, “Your archaic Buddha, it is indeed my master’s Immortal Extermination Sword.”

“I’m still unaware where their idea originated from, but I now understand. They’re using the sword to locate individuals. However, if they intend on finding others, they require a preliminary clue backing them.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha said, “Master’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment shattered in times of yore, and one of its fragments now belongs to the Broad Creed mountain. If no better clues related to the Immortal Ending Sword they hold, then the second time will most likely be aimed toward the Immortal Extermination Sword.”

“As expected of thy foresight, Archaic Buddha,” said Yin Jiao.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha smiled and said, “I’m but a mere spectator. Speaking of which, the Three Clear Lineage is truly booming with talents. This new technique is truly extraordinarily unique.”

Yin Jiao smiled and didn’t reply to that comment.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha lightly flicked his fingers. After a short while, a green lotus descended outside of the temple, with golden embers flickering atop the green lotus podium.

“Go by thyself, and act accordingly to the situation. The Astro Mountain Starry Seas and the heretical white lotus wouldn’t be ignoring this as well,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

After Yin Jiao left the temple, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha sat quietly, with a smile on his face.

His gaze traversed through the layers of the void, looking blankly into the faraway distance, “Fate hath been set in stone long ago, but the time is yet to ripe.”

…

At the same time, within the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su was sitting in his Land of Buddhism.

Suddenly, a white lotus descended upon this land.

Qu Su widened his eyes and lifted his head, “Why art thou here, Lotus Dissemination Buddha? Are the heretics looking for the sword now?”

The Lotus Dissemination Buddha sitting on the white lotus nodded and said, “News arrived from the Astro Mountain Starry Seas.”

Qu Su nodded and stood up.

“While the Future Buddha is caught up in his battle against that accursed Immeasurable fiend, he still paid attention to this matter and passed down a decree.” The Lotus Dissemination Buddha said, “That vile Immeasurable seems to have some plans in mind for the Immortal Extermination Four Swords. Stay heedful in thine venture.”

Qu Su nodded, “Namo Maitreya, I heed the Future Buddha’s decree.”

He left the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and headed toward the Astro Mountain Starry Seas.

After traversing through the layers of the void, he arrived at the cosmos where the Demon Race remained in hiding as they reproduced – the Astro Mountains Starry Seas. Upon entering, Qu Su immediately headed toward the lofty Grand Plainness Heavens.

There existed many worlds in the Astro Mountain Starry Seas. Densely-packed Demonic qi skyrocketed, with dark winds howling everywhere.

However, in the Grand Plainness Heavens, rays of sunlight shone across the horizon, melding together with clouds as they circulated the cosmos, making this area the depiction of a celestial realm.

Even if some blood-thirsty Demonic winds came entering, the sense of bloodlust would curb almost immediately.

Upon entering the Grand Plainness Heavens, as Qu Su raised his head, he saw an ethereal palace hanging beyond the Nine Heavens. It seemed so out of reach as if there was no way of closing in.

It was the legendary Plains of Nuwa.

The Illusory Thirty-Three Heavens, the Grand Plainness Heavens, the Plains of Nuwa, and Nuwa Sovereign Palace. This was Nuwa Sovereign’s residence of the past.

After the Nuwa Sovereign transcended, the Nuwa Sovereign Palace became secluded from the world. At the same time, the Eastern Sovereign Palace was erected, making Eastern Sovereign the owner of the Plains of Nuwa.

Qu Su lowered his head and retracted his gaze, continuing his stride in the Grand Plainness Heavens until he reached a mystical mountain.

A young Daoist led the way, “Please follow me, Sword Master of the Six Paths. Master had been waiting for you.”

Qu Su followed after this Demon, who took the shape of a human and entered the mystical mountain, reaching the peak.

A towering ancient tree grew atop the mountain. At the very peak of the tree, an old man was sitting in a lotus position.

Upon seeing this man, Qu Su immediately bowed, “Greetings.”

“Look here,” said the old man.

Qu Su raised his head and saw a piece of black stone currently burning within an ember melded with the colors of gold and red, releasing the soft, crisp sounds of burning.

He noticed an incomplete seal imprinted on its uneven surface as he looked closer, with only a tiny half of it remaining.

“This is…” Qu Su came to a revelation.

The old man nodded, “That’s right. This is a fragment of the Broad Accomplishment Master’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal.”

“The Three Clear lineage had been coveting after the Immortal Extermination Four Swords. From the looks of it now, the third sword they’re aiming for should be the Immortal Extermination, rather than the Immortal Ending.”