Chapter 1557 - : Three Monkeys Against A Lion And An Elephant

Chapter 1557 : Three Monkeys Against A Lion and An Elephant

Within the cosmic void, the devilish domain formed by the snake devil’s corpse was on the verge of collapsing.

Gao Qingxuan and Qu Su’s sword-lights temporarily avoided each other.

Currently, the demonic winds were howling vigorously, furiously clashing against each other. The entire world seemed to have returned to the primordial times, where everything was barren yet ferociously menacing.

Three monkeys, one lion, and one elephant. All five Great Demons howled viciously, causing the world to return to the prehistoric eras.

The Drake-Headed Immortal’s figure trembled, and he transformed into a giant green-furred lion. He widened his gaping mouth as if he was about to devour the heavens.

The giant mouth was like a black hole that engulfed the entire universe, reminding Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan of the sight they beheld when the Immortal Extermination Formation shattered. Uncontrollably, they felt as if they were being pulled within.

Even with the capabilities of the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, they couldn’t hold their grounds as well.

The three figures as huge as three celestial mountains rose uncontrollably, heading toward the lion’s mouth.

Using their innate abilities, as space itself was being altered, the Golden Bodies of the Great Sage seemed to be shrinking, going from the size of a vast sea down to the size of a grain.

“Hah!” The Golden Body of the Great Sage harnessed by the North Ocean Clone yelled, the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel in his hand standing by the void beneath.

The Divine Suppression Iron, which suppressed the Heavenly River in the past, started growing in size, incessantly becoming larger and larger.

A horrifyingly pressuring weight released, numbing one’s senses away with its mass.

As if the stars of the Heavenly River had collapsed and coalesced together, accumulating together, altering the shape of the cosmic universe in the process.

By wielding the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, their strengths fused, complementing each other’s forte. As a result, the giant ape’s aura became more imposing, fanatically surging about, rendering the green lion’s advantageous stance moot.

Being held in place by the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, the green lion’s heaven-devouring mouth couldn’t seem to consume anything anymore.

However, at the same time, the Spiritual Tusk Immortal aside transformed as well.

A six-tusked white elephant much larger than the green lion appeared, its figure so vast it could fill up an entire cosmos.

As the white elephant strode forward, he seemed to be trampling over the world. All the surrounding universes were trembling in its wake.

The six plain-yellow tusks were as curvy as a curved moon, its pressing presence imposing an intense pressure unto others. His thick trunk swept through the universe and finally latched onto the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel!

“Rise!” With a deafening roar, the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel budged under the thick trunk’s pulling force.

With the lion’s mouth and the elephant trunk working together, the pillar which held the skies in place seemed to be shaking.

If it remained in place, nothing would occur. However, the instant it budged even a little, the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel couldn’t continue to hold the cosmic space in place any longer.

While it could remain on the spot, Yan Zhaoge and the others were being sucked into the lion’s gaping mouth uncontrollably.

“Comprehending the Immortal Trapping Sword’s profundities till such a level, and even fusing it with your innate talent. How truly horrifying.” As Gao Qingxuan stared at the green lion’s gaping mouth, she saw faint dark-red flashes of brilliance flickering by the edge of the lion’s blackhole-esque mouth.

Gao Qingxuan activated the Immortal Trapping Sword, intending to pay him back in his coin. Using the Immortal Trapping against Immortal Trapping, she intended to aid the Golden Bodies of the Great Sage and the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel in nullifying the Drake-headed Immortal’s abilities.

However, a sword-light flashed across her eyes. The Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su stood in front of her, hindering her advancements.

In terms of speed and agility in shifting space itself, Qu Su’s sword art wasn’t as quick as the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual.

However, being one who had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm, his marvelousness was self-explanatory.

Gao Qingxuan herself was still a Grand Virtual Immortal. When wielding the Immortal Trapping Sword against him, while she was quicker, she was still unable to get away from Qu Su.

Being situated beneath the lion’s mouth, Qu Su’s body was affected as well, as the lion’s mouth slowly devoured him.

Only, he didn’t mind it, as it was required in holding his foes back. With Gao Qingxuan unable to unleash the Immortal Trapping Sword, the green lion could unleash his strength to the fullest, devouring the entire world with his mouth.

However, this stalemate only lasted for a moment. Then, the other two Golden Bodies of the Great Sage extended their hands together, grabbing onto the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel!

Then, they shook it forcefully!

The malign menacing aura permeated from the Divine Suppressing Iron. It trampled over the heavens, deterring countless Immortals in its wake, solidified, transforming into rays of dark lights.

As the majestic powers were brandished, the Immortal Tusk Immortal’s tusk latching onto the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel started feeling sore.

The force which shook the entire world was unable to continue any longer.

The potent malign aura was like piercing infernos, tearing the six-tusked white elephant’s trunk’s skin apart, the unbearably excruciating pain making him wail in agony.

As the adage goes, those who wield it would perish. Those who graze it will have their skins lacerated, and rubbing it would mutilate their tendons! [1]

It was merely an iron used to confine the seas. Yet, it directly caused countless carnage, blemishing the entire world with the blood of numerous Buddhas, Demons, Immortals, and Devils, becoming one of the most callous weapons of savagery.

The three monkeys shook the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel together, instantly confining the world back in place.

A monkey smiled at the six-tusked white elephant’s intention to bear the intense pain and extended one of his empty hands, scratching the nostrils of the elephant trunk.

The scratch was the final straw for the elephant’s perseverance.

With an “argh,” the Spiritual Tusk Immortal’s grip loosened. Unfortunately, when he intended to exert more force back in his trunk, it was already far too late.

“Elongate! Elongate! Elongate!” The three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage howled in unison, causing the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel to expand fanatically in size as if it was going to pierce through both ends of the cosmos.

The green lion couldn’t withstand it any longer as well. If he continued forcing himself, the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel might bring ruination to his mouth and piercing even his brain.

“In the end, we still underestimated this monkey’s capabilities.” The Drake-Headed Immortal and the Spiritual Tusk Immortal sighed helplessly. By retracting their demonic forms, which blotted the skies, they remained no longer and left without looking back.

Qu Su remained expressionless, with hints of disappointment appearing within his gaze. He entered the Drake-Headed Immortal’s mouth and left along with the two.

The two were Great Demons who rampaged around the world during the Ancient era. With how experienced they were, they could retreat decisively upon sensing a pressing danger.

However, the colossal ape lifted the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel and swung it downward, sweeping through the green lion and the white elephant.

The two Demon Race Great Sages let out a tragic groan. One’s back limb was rendered cripple, while the other’s arm had a piece of flesh torn away!

“We still have to conserve strength to locate the Immortal Extermination Sword.” A Golden Body of the Great Sage retracted his Demonic qi, returning to the form of Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone.

Besides, Gao Qingxuan sheathed her sword, while Xu Fei reverted to his original form.

The remaining Golden Body of the Great Sage held the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel and snorted before shrinking in size.

After putting the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel away, the gold radiances dispersed, and the colossal ape disappeared, leaving only the black-white spherical figure in its place.

“I’m hungry!”

A derpy-sounding girly voice resounded.

Yan Zhaoge patted the panda’s head, “Is eating the only thing in your mind?”

Pan-Pan felt aggrieved and came closer to him, “I’m not gluttonous right now. I’m truly hungry.”

“Waving that Ru Yi Golden Cudgel truly takes up a lot of strength,” said Xu Fei as he smiled from the side.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I know. My North Ocean Clone is in the same state.”

“Let’s leave this place first. Otherwise, some other parties might find us,” said Gao Qingxuan.

Everyone nodded and left immediately.

Albeit complaining about the glutton that is Pan-Pan, Yan Zhaoge never forgot to fill its stomach, leaving it to munch on cheerfully.

After taking care of Pan-Pan, Yan Zhaoge analyzed the half-sized arm originally belonging to the Lord of Broad Accomplishment as they continued on their journey.

[1] An iconic dialogue in the Journey to the West that is used to describe the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel.