Chapter 1555 - Attachments Of The Past Are Long Gone

Chapter 1555 : Attachments of the Past Are Long Gone

Yan Zhaoge glanced around, and finally, his gaze fell along the mountains in the distance.

“Let’s go to the end of the mountain range, around the area of the snake head, to see if we can find anything.” After he finished speaking, he immediately headed toward a direction, while Xu Fei and the others followed suit.

The originally contained Devilish qi started leaking after the devilish domain was slashed open.

The Devilish qi within gradually started becoming fainter and fainter.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were in a race against time. With the Devilish qis here leaking outside, it implied that others would notice this area as well.

Grand Heavenly Realm or Grand Virtual Realm experts would notice the bearing of Devilish qi even if they’re far away.

“There…” Gold radiances flickered on Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone’s right shoulder. Currently, his eyes were like two rings of scorching golden sun.

Under the gold radiances’ basking, the blood flashes of lightning soothed while the dark mists dissipated away.

Looking from afar, gazing at the snake devil’s colossal skull was like gazing at the moon. It was so huge; it resembled the peak of a mountain range.

The North Ocean Clone lowered his head, causing golden radiances to skyrocket from the seal on his right shoulder, harnessing the Golden Body of the Great Sage. Then, he walked forward and grabbed onto the upper and lower jaws of that skull.

Then, the golden monkey exerted force with his arms, forcefully prying open the snake devil’s gigantic mouth.

From the mouth, a massive wave of densely-packed dark mists imbued with blood vessels surged from within.

Facing these devilish mists that had been accumulated for tens of thousands of years, the Golden Body of the Great Sage was rendered light-headed. He immediately shook his head and rose gold radiances around his body, causing the fur on his body to stand up, cleansing his body off the filthy blight.

Yan Zhaoge and the others looked inside and only saw a pitch-black sight.

“Go!” After observing for a moment, Yan Zhaoge took out the talisman originally pasted onto the Immortal Trapping Sword and kindled it. Then, he threw it into the snake’s mouth.

Faint green embers burned from the talisman. Like a lone boat roving around the ocean during the dark night, it spun incessantly, floating about aimlessly.

Suddenly, the green ember stopped floating any longer and instead hovered within the darkness.

Immediately after, the green embers started spreading to the surroundings, turning the surrounding darkness into green radiances.

Under the green embers’ envelopment, not only was the talisman burning, there were other objects on fire as well.

“Rise.” Yan Zhaoge beckoned, retracting the green embers that previously expanded.

Looking at the object being enveloped by the green ember, Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei let out a soft sigh.

It was an arm, broken at the elbow.

“The Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s left hand.” Yan Zhaoge sighed.

Xu Fei nodded silently, “During their confrontation, the Lord of Broad Accomplishment Grand Master was gravely wounded by this Great Devil, while the Great Devil itself was slain by the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s Immortal Extermination Sword.”

The surface of that broken arm was pitch-black. Then, under the green ember’s scorch, only did the black colors start fading.

Then, glistening lusters lit up from the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s broken left arm.

“They’re both in the Grand Heavenly Realm. However, since this Great Devil had perished, he wasn’t able to refine this broken arm.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “A Grand Heavenly Realm’s physique is everlasting. Even after so many centuries, this broken arm was still preserved so well.”

“Even the Nine Underworlds couldn’t locate this corpse?” Xu Fei frowned and said, “Even after so many years, no one bothered looking for it?”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flickered slightly, and he said in a deep voice, “At the very least, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and the Primordial Heart Devil should’ve sensed it. However, if some special arrangements were set in place, then something should’ve triggered the instant we took this arm up.”

“There’s still no movement as of now. No matter if it’s because the Nine Underworlds didn’t prepare anything, or they’re still holding back for some other reasons, it seems like this mechanism wasn’t targeting us.”

Yan Zhaoge let out a long breath, “The longer we stay, the more worries we’ll have. So let’s leave this place first. Since the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s Immortal Extermination Sword isn’t here, I don’t see the need for us to remain.”

“I agree.” Xu Fei nodded.

The group of people flew to the outside of the devilish domain, causing that humongous corpse to shrink in size from their view.

Halfway through, Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei’s hearts sank.

“Someone else arrived, and Senior Gao is fighting against them!”

The instant this thought flashed across their minds, dark-red sword-lights rampaged about, surging from the outside of the devilish domain, shattering the dark domain’s boundaries.

An even larger hole was formed in the devilish domain harnessed through that devilish snake’s corpse.

With the Immortal Trapping Sword in her hands, Gao Qingxuan transformed into a dark-red brilliance and went ahead to join Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei.

Behind her, monumental Demonic qi came surging from the cosmic void outside, with two indomitable existences descending upon this area!

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge saw a white lotus appearing within the demonic cloudy winds which blotted the skies. A green lamp shone from the white lotus, permeating with eerie sword-lights.

“Sword Master of the Six Paths, Qu Su…” Yan Zhaoge came to a realization.

Beside him, Xu Fei patted Pan-Pan’s head. Then, Xu Fei and the North Ocean Clone arched their bodies, causing gold radiances to skyrocket from the mark by their right shoulder, harnessing the silhouette of two colossal apes.

Pan-Pan lost his usual slothful appearance, replaced by a ruthless viciousness. With a low growl, he harnessed another Golden Body of the Great Sage as well.

The three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage stood on the ground, their domineering and rampaging Demonic qi not paling compared to the two gusts of demonic winds.

As gold radiances shone from the Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, Qu Su’s silhouette on the white lotus gradually became clearer and clearer, along with the appearances of the two demonic winds.

Two tall figures could be seen standing on two different clouds, one green and one yellow. Demonic qis wreathed around their bodies, resembling two raging tornados.

On the green cloud by the left stood a hunk with a beastly face. His brawny body had the face of a lion, with green lion mane surrounding his neck, exhibiting the demeanor of a gallant lionheart.

As for the yellow cloud on the right, an even larger hunk stood atop with the head of an elephant. His long and thick elephant trunk was half-curled, with six robust curved yellow teeth extending from his mouth.

Even with just the two Great Demons standing there, it was as if they blotted the entire sky, and they trampled the surrounding cosmos.

The Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su’s Buddha light was in complete form. Born with outstanding talent, despite becoming a Buddha through heretical methods, his strength didn’t pale compared to orthodox Buddhas. Even when standing beside these two Great Demons, he didn’t seem weak at all other than his slightly weaker foundations.

After seeing the two Great Demons’ appearances clearly, Yan Zhaoge’s pupils shrank.

Gao Qingxuan stopped her Immortal Trapping sword-light, causing her figure to appear. As she stared at the two Great Demons, her expression remained stern as well.

“Forgive my impertinence, but may I inquire if you two are the Drake-Headed Immortal and the Spiritual Tusk Immortal of the Prime Clear lineage?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

“Forget about the past. There’s no point in mentioning them, especially to youths like you.” The Great Demon resembling a green lion, widened his mouth and said, “Leave the Immortal Extermination and the Immortal Trapping Sword behind, and we won’t cause any troubles. Treat this as the final mercy of our past, and leave.”

Yan Zhaoge frowned upon hearing his words.

Gao Qingxuan asked, “It seems like you two had returned to the Demon Race. Don’t you hold any gratitude for our Prime Clear’s teachings? Do you have no remorse, aiding the Demon Race in snatching our Prime Clear treasures away?”

The yellow-toothed elephant waved his trunk, “In the Ancient era, after the Gods’ investitures, the Lord of Numinous Treasures, the Primordial Heavenly Lord, and the Lord of Dao and Virtue transcended together, leaving us behind to be captured as the Jade Clear’s Manjushri and Samantabhadra’s mount. After all the humiliation we faced, our final attachment to Daoism should’ve been severed already!”