Chapter 1559 - Untold To The World, A Display Of Masquerade

Chapter 1559: Untold to the World, A Display of Masquerade

While harnessing the Golden Body of the Great Sage bestowed them with indomitable might, they couldn’t just harness it at will.

Previously, their stamina was depleted far too great and required a long period of rest before they finally managed to recover. The more vigorous the depletion, the less time they could maintain the form and the more time required to rest.

During the past few decades, the North Ocean, Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan had been training together with the amalgamated form, further improving their harnessing in the process.

However, fusing three Golden Bodies and waving the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel were still highly taxing on the stamina department.

“They should be able to last until the battle later.” As Yan Zhaoge spoke, he glanced at his surroundings, investigating the sea of brilliant mists in front of his eyes.

He took out the lump of meat resembling a broken arm. The flames on its surface coalesced together to form a line. While it continued burning without end, it maintained its orderly form.

Yan Zhaoge lightly tapped his finger on the pile of flames.

The string of fire vibrated and finally lost its previous orderly balance. They started expanding toward the surroundings, instantly burning with blazing inferno, devouring that human-arm-looking flesh entirely.

The Cyclic Heavenly Seal buried within the lump of flesh radiated with brilliance as if it was also in the state of being burnt.

Yan Zhaoge lightly pushed his hand forward, causing the blazing inferno to fly into the sea of light mists.

Xu Fei took the wine jug hanging by his waist, pulled the cork away, and gulped two mouthfuls in succession. While drinking, he calmly stared at the sight in front of him.

The light mists started burning as well, forming clouds of infernos that spread toward the surroundings.

The sea of radiance now seemed to be burning vigorously.

At that moment, rays of brilliance suddenly appeared from different directions.

More than one horrifying existence descended unto this cosmic void.

The presence of one alone already sufficed in suffocating others. With so many gathered here, just the overwhelming atmosphere alone could tear the sea of mists apart.

Their presence collided with each other, with no one willing to back down, causing the flow of air in the atmosphere to become highly constricted.

However, the two sides didn’t immediately clash against each other. Instead, they placed priority on locating the Immortal Extermination Sword.

As a result, all sorts of phenomena surged, their chaotically intricate sceneries blanketing all over the void.

“Sure enough, they’ve all arrived here.” Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly and looked at Xu Fei.

Xu Fei smiled as well and placed his wine jug back to his waist.

The light mists atop their heads were torn apart, with an overwhelming aura instantly collapsing unto them, as if the entire skies had crumbled.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan’s figures shook, instantly causing towering gold radiances to skyrocket.

Relishing in the radiances’ embrace, three towering apes immediately appeared. Like pillars that supported the skies, they instantly held the sky from crumbling.

As Demonic qis blotted the skies, and all beings were basked in the radiance emitted from the Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, all existences started revealing themselves within the void. Unlike their previous imperceptible and indescribable state, their actual form could now be seen.

The first few whose appearances were revealed were the Drake-Headed Immortal, the Spiritual Tusk Immortal, and the Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su.

Another Great Demon was accompanying them. He was clad in armor and equipped with a ranseur. With a darkened expression, he stared at the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage while contemplating.

Other than the four, two other silhouettes were standing by the outer area. While staring at Yan Zhaoge and the others, they were also on guard against Qu Su and the Drake-Headed Immortal group.

One of them was a blue Buddha sitting atop a green lotus. His right hand wielded a treasured dhvaja, which he placed on his left shoulder, and his left hand maintained a Dhyana seal.

The other was a teenager with three heads and six arms, with a vertical eye on his forehead.

Three Demon Race Great Sages, one Buddha who attained Buddhism enlightenment, one heretic Buddhism Grand Heavenly Realm, and one Immortal Court heretical Heavenly Immortal.

A total of six Grand Heavenly Realm experts had descended upon this realm.

Just the collision of their intent alone sufficed in tearing the space apart.

However, when they descended, they immediately frowned.

“…The Immortal Exterminating Sword is not here!” said the Drake-Headed Immortal as he probed with his head.

Qu Su flipped his arm and lifted a shattered Cyclic Heavenly Seal in his palm, which had gold-red sparks prancing on its surface.

On the other side, the teenager with three heads, six arms, and three eyes stared at this little bell with a surprised expression.

“You accursed cretin!” The Spiritual Tusk Immortal widened his eyes and stared at the center of the burning sea, staring at the lump of flesh whose form was long lost.

After being slashed by the Immortal Slaughtering Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword, the intelligence contained within the lump of flesh was obliterated, preventing the Spiritual Tusk Immortal from noticing anything. As a result, what they chased after wasn’t the Broad Accomplishment Master’s broken arm, but the flesh ripped away from his hip.

Now that he finally saw it, the Spiritual Tusk Immortal instantly recognized it and flew into a rage immediately.

Qu Su stared at that lump of flesh for a while and stared at the blazing inferno. After seeing the Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment emerging from the burning flesh, he slowly came to a revelation.

On the other side, the teenager with three heads and six arms came back to his senses, “… This place, you all laid down preparations beforehand?”

“Otherwise, we wouldn’t have been able to hide our actions from the world.” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

They located this area before they found the Broad Accomplishment Master’s broken arm. After making some altercations, they concealed this environment away.

After locating the Broad Accomplishment Master’s arm, Yan Zhaoge used secret art to execute his plan and passed the broken arm to Gao Qingxuan. As for the others, they pretended as if nothing had happened and continued feigning their actions of tracking clues, taking a detour back here.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and stared at the three-headed six-armed teenager, “My greetings to the Stationary Year Epoch Monarch. While I have heard of your deeds in the past, I still feel commiserated when seeing you personally. Someone of the Three Clear Lineage of the past had joined the heretics.”

Leaving the betrayal of He Mian aside, among the Daoism Immortal Realm experts who joined the Immortal Court after the Great Calamity, no matter if it was Gao Jineng, Cao Bao, Yu Hualong, Zhao Jiang, or the others, they were either from the Three Clears’ branched lineages or vagrant cultivators. None of them could be fully classified as an orthodox Three Clear successor.

As the Immortal Court’s heretical martial arts developed further, no traces of the Three Clear Lineage’s martial arts could be seen.

However, some exceptions still prevail.

Throughout the past few years, Yan Zhaoge had been interacting more and more with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the Incongruence Divine Mother. More and more information regarding the Immortal Court experts was given to him, including the Stationary Year Epoch Monarch’s name – Yin Jiao.

This teenage-looking heretic Heavenly Immortal with three heads and six arms was naturally Yin Jiao.

“Before I became an Investiture god and entered the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, I already wasn’t a part of the Three Clear Lineage,” said Yin Jiao emotionlessly.

The Drake-Headed Immortal snorted coldly, “That lady wielding the Immortal Trapping Sword isn’t present. Did she use the Immortal Trapping Sword to seal the Broad Accomplishment Master’s arm and went ahead to search after the Immortal Extermination Sword alone?”

“Hmph, you think she can remain safe even while being all alone? While we fell for your petty tricks, there are still others roaming outside. With this, we can acquire the Immortal Trapping Sword as well!”

Yan Zhaoge spread his arms and smiled, “Of course it’s not her alone. Others can utilize these weapons of carnage as well.”