Chapter 1551 - The Sword In Possession By Someone Else

Chapter 1551: The Sword In Possession by Someone Else

The rays of brilliance derived from the Immortal Trapping Sword erected a formation. The formation’s radiances shone unto the Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment, causing the insignificant-looking fragment to beam with luminosity suddenly.

It wasn’t all that bright, but it gave off a heavy feeling as if the illusory projection of an ancient divine mountain was hovering atop the Immortal Trapping Sword.

The talisman pasted onto the Immortal Trapping Sword’s hilt started burning.

Yan Zhaoge and Gao Xuebo breathed a sigh of relief upon witnessing this scene, with hints of joyousness showing on their faces.

“Go!” Yan Zhaoge raised his hand, his fingers tracing in mid-air, causing numerous formation patterns to contract inward. At the same time, he discarded a blank talisman into the fire.

The contracting beaming formation patterns surged toward the flames created by the burning talisman. After the blank talisman landed inside, it wasn’t kindled and instead had patterns appearing over it.

After the fire gradually extinguished, this new talisman flew out of the flames. Yan Zhaoge successfully retrieved it.

Many profound patterns appeared on the initially blank talisman, which formed a complex rune.

The illusory projection dissipated, leaving only the Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment behind.

The Immortal Trapping Sword also stopped trembling any longer and quietly hovered in mid-air.

Yan Zhaoge kept the Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment. He looked at the talisman in his hand, then looked at the Immortal Trapping Sword, and said, “As of now, it’s still considered as a good start. Let’s hope that it’ll be as successful as the last time.”

“I wonder if the Lord of Broad Accomplishment is still alive,” said Gao Xuebo.

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “Let’s try to be optimistic here.”

He turned to Ah Hu and said, “Inform senior apprentice-brother Xu of the results. This time, we’ll have him accompany us to make sure that everything goes right. I’ve already talked to him about this beforehand, and he now awaits further notice.”

“Yes, Young Master.” Ah Hu nodded and left.

Gao Xuebo also nodded and said, “I shall inform my mother’s side and make some preparations.”

While their opponents were still fighting against each other, severely limiting their scope of attention, the Awakened Sky Cosmos still had to maintain their utmost cautiousness when looking for the Immortal Extermination Sword.

The last time when they found the Immortal Trapping Sword it was the first time Yan Zhaoge had used his self-created secret art.

This was the first time this art had ever presented itself in the world, which caught the other forces by surprise.

The Sword Master of the Six Paths – Qu Su only headed there to search for his master – the Sword Buddha, not for the Immortal Trapping Sword.

While Wang Guan and the Percussion Heavenly Lord had such intentions, they didn’t have any clues in finding the sword. They merely followed Qu Su in secret in hopes of being met with coincidental luck.

Both the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Immortal Court barely deployed any forces to hinder them.

While three Grand Heavenly Realm experts were horrifying, Yan Zhaoge and the others now had the capabilities to contend against them.

Moreover, the Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race did not take part in it.

However, if the other forces knew beforehand that Yan Zhaoge’s group would search for the Immortal Trapping Sword and even had solid clues in their hands, these forces definitely wouldn’t just spectate from aside.

The second time using this method lacked the element of surprise it once had in the past.

In the current situation, their opponents were busy fighting against each other and couldn’t possibly end the war to locate the Immortal Trapping Sword together. However, they could dispatch some of their forces, and it won’t just be three heretic Grand Heavenly Realms any longer.

Naturally, they were aware of the growth of orthodox Daoism developing as they fought against each other.

While snatching the Immortal Extermination Sword could obstruct orthodox Daoism’s advance in development, severely weakening orthodox Daoism in the process was something they were willing to do. Of course, they would like to use this opportunity to harm Yan Zhaoge and the group.

To the others, Yan Zhaoge’s group had always remained in hiding, their traces never to be seen.

If they came searching after the swords, their traces would inevitably be leaked, becoming an opportune chance to tackle them.

Hence the adage, “danger and opportunity lie together.”

“My mother is now aware of the situation.” After contacting Gao Qingxuan, Gao Xuebo said, “Just as we discussed earlier, my mother will leave along with the Immortal Trapping Sword, while her clone will preside over the Awakened Sky Cosmos with the Immortal Trapping Sword.”

“That’s for the best. This time, I’ll bring the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage along,” said Yan Zhaoge.

Gao Xuebo asked, “Has Heavenly Monarch Feng came out of seclusion?”

The “Heavenly Monarch Feng” that he mentioned was naturally Feng Yunsheng.

Due to Di Qinglian, Gao Xuebo could refer to Yan Zhaoge as his “junior apprentice-niece,” even if Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation was higher than him.

However, while Feng Yunsheng had a close relationship with Yan Zhaoge, she wasn’t related to Gao Xuebo in any way.

While Fang Zhun could refer to Feng Yunsheng as “junior apprentice-niece Feng,” Gao Xuebo was still required to use respective referrals.

In truth, there wasn’t the need to pry so deeply into this matter. However, Gao Xuebo’s mindset was more biased toward the traditional formalities, hence his way of referring to Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “She came out not long ago. This time, she’ll be accompanying us.”

Gao Xuebo said, “That’s for the best.”

As Yan Zhaoge headed to Feng Yunsheng’s residence, a guest was already paying her a visit.

A woman in yellow sat at the opposite side of Feng Yunsheng. Upon seeing Yan Zhaoge, she quickly stood up and bowed, “Sovereign Yan.”

“Lady Guan, no need to be so polite,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

She was Guan Yuluo, someone of the Cloud Pavilion Mountain’s Profound Remnant Locale, situated within the Sky beyond Skies’ Northern Continent. In the past, she was the granddaughter of the World beyond Worlds’ Northern Exalt and knew of Feng Yunsheng back when they were both young, developing a close relation in between the two.

After the Northern Exalt perished, the Cloud Pavilion Mountain’s Profound Remnant Locale left the World beyond Worlds along with Yan Zhaoge and the others, taking root in the Sky beyond Skies.

Guan Yuluo, the gracious maiden of the past, had now ascended to the Martial Saint Realm as well and was capable of seeing divinities. She became the Cloud Pavilion Mountain’s higher-up experts and headed toward the Immortal Bridge stage.

Seeing how Yan Zhaoge seemed to discuss with Feng Yunsheng, she read the mood and immediately bid her farewell.

Guan Yuluo was very close with Feng Yunsheng and had frequent interactions with her. Of course, Feng Yunsheng did not need to put up with formalities as well. After agreeing to chat next time, a Broad Creed disciple came to send Guan Yuluo away.

“Immortal Extermination, or Immortal Ending?” After Guan Yuluo left, Feng Yunsheng turned to ask Yan Zhaoge.

“Immortal Extermination.”Yan Zhaoge said, “How’s your condition right now?”

Feng Yunsheng’s expression remained calm, “I only lack one saber.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Let us prepare to depart.”

…

Within an ethereal void that seemed secluded from the world, one of its locations was concealed away from the world, its traces not to be seen from the outside world.

Within, all sorts of spiritual flowers and wondrous plants were all over the place, with celestial beasts running about.

Amidst the enchanting panoramic world of beauty, a normal-looking castle was erected.

Within the palace, an ancient sword hovered mid-air in a simple-looking private room.

Dense green sword radiances circulated on the surface of this ancient sword.

Suddenly, the green radiances trembled.

Within the private room, a pair of eyes widened, and a man extended his hand, grabbing toward the sword hilt, “They’re coming.”

After keeping the ancient sword, this person pushed open the door, egressed from the private room, and left the palace.

Outside of the palace, a Daoist wearing a draping ten extremities crane hat who was sitting on a nine-colored lotus podium said, “Be careful.”

The sword wielder said, “Understood.”

After that, he transformed into a ray of radiance and flew out of this celestial realm, entering the vast boundless void.