Chapter 1568 - Who Are You?

Chapter 1568 : Who Are You?

“From the Nine Underworlds?” This exceeded Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s expectations.

While they did notice that something was off, they never expected it to be related to the Nine Underworlds.

After remaining silent for a while, Yan Zhaoge softly said, “I thought it would be related to the Tushita Palace.”

Feng Yunsheng looked at him.

The Earth Mother had the Immortal Extermination Sword in her possession. Yet, she returned the sword to where the Broad Accomplishment Master’s cadaver was located, allowing Yan Zhaoge and the others to retrieve them both.

At the same time, it attracted the attention of the Demon Race, orthodox Buddhism, the Immortal Court, and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

However, during that period, the Jade Illusory Palace resurfaced in the world.

One couldn’t help but think that the Earth Mother used the Immortal Extermination Sword to lure the others’ attention away, giving her the chance of entering the Jade Illusory Palace.

Then, another question emerged. How did the Earth Mother find the Jade Illusory Palace?

This question might have more than one answer. For example, she might’ve remained in hiding for the past centuries searching for it and finally secured a method of doing so recently.

Or, she might’ve obtained the information from elsewhere.

However, among all these answers, the one with the highest possibility pointed toward that person in the Tushita Palace.

As the Jade Illusory Palace, Eight Landscapes Palace, and the Roving Jade Palace were hidden away from the world, their whereabouts could be hidden away from everyone in the world, including other Dao Ancestors. However, as the projection of existence of the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue – the Supreme Elder Lord, the location of the Jade Illusory Palace was definitely in plain sight.

Hence, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng first placed their suspicions on this answer on the way here during their discussion. Perhaps, the Earth Mother had secluded herself from the world because she hid within the Tushita Palace.

“Indeed, I came from the Tushita Palace.” After hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, the Earth Mother’s tone remained as gentle as ever, with no hints of fluctuations within her tone.

Meanwhile, her answer enlivened the two’s spirits.

However, more questions appeared within their hearts.

Yan Zhaoge stood quietly within the ocher world, remaining silent as he pondered. In a mere few instances, he thought of many other things.

Later, the Earth Mother continued, “However, the Immortal Extermination Sword did indeed come from the Nine Underworlds.”

“In the past, after Daoist Broad Accomplishment perished, the Immortal Extermination Sword in his hands entered the Devils’ possession.” She sighed nonchalantly, “After the Immortal Slaughtering Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword resurfaced in the world, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil personally visited the Tushita Palace along with the Immortal Extermination Sword and intended on making a trade.”

“The Elder Lord remained indifferent to this matter and let Daoist Five Manifestations handle this barter. In the end, the trade was made, and the Immortal Extermination Sword returned to Daoism, stashed away within the Tushita Palace.”

The Earth Queen recounted, “Later, I brought it out along with me, and placed it back to where Daoist Broad Accomplishment was at.”

“Bhikkhu Xuan Du…” Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng nodded. Then, they sank deep into their own thoughts.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du, also known as the Exquisite Heavenly Lord, with his full title being the “Grand Insightful Tranquil Benevolent Exquisite Heavenly Lord.” He sat on a nine-colored lotus podium and wore a draping ten extremities crane hat. He was considered as one of Daoism’s most top-notch bigwigs.

In addition, he also had the title of the “Five Manifestations Spiritual Perception Emperor,” which was given to him by the Heavenly Court Divine Palace.

As another fellow bigwig of the Heavenly Court Divine Palace, the Earth Mother used to referring Bhikkhu Xuan Du as “Daoist Five Manifestations.”

However, Daoism successors of the Three Clear Lineages were used to the title of Bhikkhu Xuan Di. Typically, the public viewed this bigwig expert as the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue’s closed-door disciple. However, due to his exceptional prowess, others dubbed him as the Grand Clear’s strongest disciple.

It was worth mentioning that the Nine Heavens Devil Sweeping Heavenly Lord, also known as the True Martial Emperor, was initially guided into dao through Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

Only, Bhikkhu Xuan Du suddenly secluded himself from the world during the Middle era, causing his reputation to die down ultimately.

Now, whenever one mentioned the Grand Clear lineage’s most top-notch experts, they would primarily think of the head of Four Imperials – the Purple Tenuity Emperor.

However, comparatively speaking, when the Purple Tenuity Emperor was still assimilating the great dao, the Three Clear Grand Masters had already transcended. In the end, he studied under the Elder Lord, causing the origins of his teaching to be blurred.

“What kind of trade is that? If you’re aware of it, are you able to share it with us?” asked Yan Zhaoge softly.

The Earth Queen replied, “Daoist Five Manifestations fully handled this matter. Even I am unaware of the details. However, after everything had settled down, Daoist Five Manifestations passed this sword to me.”

“I see. No matter what, I still have to thank you for giving us the Immortal Extermination Sword.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “By the way, forgive my insolence, but dare I ask if you have the chance to enter the Jade Illusory Palace again? Does the Jade Illusory Palace contain any treasure?”

The Earth Mother used Yan Zhaoge’s group and the Immortal Extermination Sword to draw attention away from others, making it convenient for her to enter the Jade Illusory Palace.

If not, she could’ve just passed the sword to Yan Zhaoge and the others. There was no need to place it beside the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s cadaver and create a fake setting as if the Immortal Extermination Sword had always been in the hands of the Lord of Broad Accomplishment.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t ask what she got from the Jade Illusory Palace.

Compared to the Earth Mother’s harvest, Yan Zhaoge was more focused on whether he had the chance of entering the Jade Illusory Palace.

“The Jade Illusory Palace opened merely for an instant. Even I was sent outside after a while.” The Earth Mother gently said, “As for when, I don’t know.”

“The palace was vacant, and only a lone lamp remained. Fortunately, the item I was searching for was this lamp. Being able to acquire this, my journey here wasn’t for nothing.”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng immediately knew what she was talking about.

The Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp, the spiritual lamp used by the Primordial Heavenly Lord during his lectures in the Jade Illusory Palace. While it contained several marvelous abilities, the Primordial Heavenly Lord had an abundance of treasures accompanying him. Unfortunately, the lamp didn’t get the chance to display its uses and was only used as a lamp.

Despite hearing that nothing was in the Jade Illusory Palace, as well as the possibility of being unable to enter, Yan Zhaoge wasn’t disheartened at all. He also didn’t question whether that was the truth or not.

He smiled and cupped his hands toward the vast ocher world, “The knowledge you bestowed with me today had truly broadened my horizon and unveiled all sorts of questions in my heart. I’m truly grateful for that.”

“But, I have one final question that keeps bugging my mind. If possible, may you give me an answer?”

Yan Zhaoge said slowly, “Why are you impersonating the Earth Mother?”

The faint ocher world quieted down instantly.

“If you didn’t leave a clue behind on purpose, the Incongruence Divine Mother and us wouldn’t have noticed that something was amiss.”

If they didn’t sense the presence of the Earth Mother from the Immortal Extermination Sword, Yan Zhaoge and the others would naturally think that the sword had been together with the Lord of Broad Accomplishment the entire time. No one would notice that the sword had gone through many different hands.

If that happened, Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t have searched all the way here using the Later Earth Text.

“However, being someone who reads the Earth Mother’s texts so much, I can tell that you aren’t the real Earth Mother.”

“So, dare I ask, who are you?”