Chapter 1564 - Acquiring The Immortal Extermination Sword

Chapter 1564 : Acquiring the Immortal Extermination Sword

“Just now, I vaguely sensed the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.”

Feng Yunsheng’s voice resounded from Yan Zhaoge’s right eye.

“Right now, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha are still busy with their contest for the Humanly Essence Stone and most likely have no time to divert their attention.” Yan Zhaoge said, “However, Amitabha Buddha and Emperor Donghuang are different. Since you’re already in the Grand Heavenly Realm, attracting their attention would be inevitable.”

As such, after forcing back the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, the Yellow Wind Demon, the Drake-Headed Immortal, and the others, Yan Zhaoge’s group immediately retreated.

A new Grand Heavenly Immortal appearing in orthodox Daoism would more or less attract attention from each force.

Contrary to Suo Mingzhang’s ascent, which caught everyone by surprise, Feng Yunsheng’s situation was unique.

Whether she was a Grand Heavenly Immortal created by the Three Clear Lineage or not was still a question.

Ultimately, the traces of the Nine Underworlds still existed on her.

This was related to the sixth Ancestral Devil – the Doomsday Heavenly Devil, which symbolized the descent of Doomsday itself. Of course, everyone else would pay close attention to it.

The fifth Ancestral Devil – the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was also alarmed due to this.

“However, this time, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil might’ve been helping us. Of course, he’s not so kind as to do so for our sake. Instead, he’s working for the benefits of the Nine Underworlds,” said Yan Zhaoge. He pondered with a flicker of light faintly glistening in his eyes.

Within his eyes, Feng Yunsheng’s voice quieted down.

Xu Fei and Gao Qingxuan’s gazes turned to him. Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “I still can’t tell what they’re planning. Right now, most of them should still be in the planning phase.”

He rubbed his temples softly, “Looking back now, Jian Shunhua was practically brawling against you. The more capable one would triumph over the other, winning the contest.”

“I won’t lose.” Feng Yunsheng replied calmly.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly and rubbed his right eye softly with his finger.

“According to the legends, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil hadn’t appeared for a long span of time. Now, he has finally emerged in the world once again.” Xu Fei added, “A few other Dao Ancestors had also made their move. I heard that the Amitabha Buddha never tarnished himself with worldly affairs, but it seems like that’s not the case any longer.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hand, “After the Middle era, the central Blessed Lands of Saha flourished. Hence the Amitabha Buddha and the Western Pure Lands didn’t seem to make any move. But, don’t forget. The Ancient era’s Second Patriarch – the Amitabha Buddha, or rather the Guide, was Buddhism’s Lama. He alone illuminated three thousand mortal patrons, which allowed Buddhism’s foundations later on.”

“I received a response from the Incongruence Divine Mother.” Gao Qingxuan smiled and said, “She acquired the Immortal Extermination Sword!”

Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei let out a sigh of relief and gave each other a high-five.

“However, the Jade Clear’s Lord of Broad Accomplishment had indeed perished.” Xu Fei suddenly thought of something and let out a soft sigh, “The Incongruence Divine Mother located his cadaver, as it was together with the sword.”

Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei shook their heads, causing the joyousness on their faces to vanish.

While they had already made that guess previously, their guesses being proven still overwhelmed them with sadness.

The Lord of Broad Accomplishment had the reputation of being the Jade Illusory’s very first disciple, as well as the disciple which the Jade Clear’s progenitor – the Primordial Heavenly Lord was the proudest of.

After the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, the Three Clear Grand Masters had transcended, causing the Three Clear Lineages to be independent of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace. Meanwhile, the Broad Accomplishment Master had always been regarded as the Jade Clear lineage’s leading figure.

Yet, to everyone’s bewilderment, he suffered from an unfortunate incident many years later, ultimately perishing during the Great Calamity.

It was hard to tell whether the past grudges caused this or because he wielded the Immortal Extermination Sword.

After Yan Zhaoge and the others met up with the Incongruence Divine Mother, an ancient sword glistening with eerie green radiances hovered by the world blotted with sword-lights.

Underneath the ancient sword, a figure of profuse aura was sitting in a lotus position.

Although one of his arms was gone, robbing the complete form away from him, one could still sense the charisma and demeanor he had when he was still alive.

While remaining as an imposing figure of sanctimoniousness, his refined sharpness wasn’t lacking in any manner.

The Lord of Broad Accomplishment was one of the few famous sword cultivators of the Jade Clear lineage, excluding the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity.

However, his proficiency in the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and the Cyclic Heavenly Seal was more well-renowned to the world.

A woman stood beside the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s cadaver. Her figure seemed so translucent and illusory, yet her distinct aura deterred anyone from approaching her.

Yan Zhaoge and the others went up to greet her, “Our greetings to the Incongruence Divine Mother.”

This woman situated in the world of sword-lights, who seemingly dictated the area, was the Prime Clear’s bigwig expert, as well as the Lord of Numinous Treasure’s disciple – the Incongruence Divine Mother.

Her current form was the manifestation of her actual appearance, which she used to meet Yan Zhaoge and the others.

During the Investiture war that transpired in the Ancient era, a minority of Prime Clear bigwigs weren’t affected by it. The Incongruence Divine Mother was among one of them.

The Incongruence Divine Mother safely survived through that era, through the Great Calamity, and persisted until now.

She nodded toward Yan Zhaoge as a sign of formality and beckoned for Gao Qingxuan’s bowed body to rise. Then, she retracted her gaze, looking back to the single-armed Daoist’s cadaver, remaining silent throughout the whole process.

Although they were hostile against each other during the times of yore, they had known each other for eons. Being of the Three Clear Lineage as well, the Incongruence Divine Mother was considerably saddened by the death of the Lord of Broad Accomplishment.

During the past few decades, she had affirmed the perishment of the Taiyi Nirvana heavenly Lord and the Lord of Broad Accomplishment. It was inevitable for her to be overwhelmed with grief.

However, when observing aside, Yan Zhaoge and the others felt as if this experienced Prime Clear expert was pondering about something else as if she had some questions clogging her mind.

A question that made her reveal her appearance to observe, a question which made her remain here for a longer period of time.

Upon seeing her condition, Yan Zhaoge and the others decided not to bother the Incongruence Divine Mother. Instead, they saluted toward the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s cadaver.

Looking at the Daoist’s calm expression before his passing, Yan Zhaoge and the others sighed softly in their hearts.

Seeing that the Incongruence Divine Mother did not show any hints of objection, Yan Zhaoge extended his hand, grabbing toward the hovering Immortal Extermination Sword.

As the sword-light trembled, images flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s head, narrating the matters that happened during the Great Calamity.

Some incomplete or even upside-down images came flooding into his mind.

After stabilizing his state of mind and pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge gradually began arranging them in place.

He turned to Xu Fei and Gao Qingxuan and let out a sigh, “Just as we had expected, other forces had banded together to oppress our Daoism.”

The Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was the beginning of calamity.

As the calamity swept across the entire world, not many individuals could exclude themselves from whatever was happening at that time.

Amidst that catastrophe, the cycling of karma and the desire for usurpation were unavoidable.

As the saying goes, those who commit misdeeds shall face retribution sooner or later.

When the opportune time arrives, those who bore grudges would execute revenge.

Other than the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, the most distinguished Jade Clear lineage had it the worst during the Great Calamity among the orthodox Three Clear Lineage.

Of course, other than the past grudges, there were many other factors included within. For example, the battle for everyone’s interests, the battle for the great dao, and many others.

While facing his past foes, the Lord of Broad Accomplishment also had to fend off the bigwig experts who coveted after his Immortal Extermination Sword, as well as other treasures.

Even without the Immortal Extermination Formation, many of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords were also coveted by many others.

Due to that, even those who possessed the Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprints couldn’t lay down the complete formation.

As a result, the Lord of Broad Accomplishment was forced to go through many sorts of ordeals. The besiegement of all forces, the incessant pursuit, or even countless skirmishes.

In the end, even the accursed public enemies – the Nine Underworlds Great Devils managed to involve themselves within as they attempted to gain profits from the Broad Accomplishment Master.