Chapter 1560 - Completely Inverse Approach

Chapter 1560: Completely Inverse Approach

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, the Drake-Headed Immortal’s expression froze for a moment, “… Incongruence?”

Gao Qingxuan belonged to the Prime Clear lineage and was in the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm. Moreover, her talents were exceptional, and her strength far exceeded her peers.

When thinking of a candidate able to utilize the Immortal Extermination Sword and the Immortal Trapping Sword better than her, the Drake-Headed Immortal immediately thought of someone.

The strongest and most active expert in Daoism’s Prime Clear lineage, the Lord of Numinous Treasure’s disciple – the Incongruence Divine Mother who ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm during the Ancient era!

Gao Qingxuan was of the Incongruence Divine Mother’s lineage.

In the past, when Yan Zhaoge was searching for the Immortal Trapping Sword, he requested for the Incongruence Divine Mother to spread some fake news regarding the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, attracting the attention of other forces.

As a Grand Heavenly Immortal, the Incongruence Divine Mother was considered the leader of the Prime Clear lineage. Any slight movement from her would instantly attract the attention of the Immortal Court, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and even the Demon Race or the Western Pure Lands.

With such circumstances, even if she knew where the Immortal Trapping Sword was, the Incongruence Divine Mother couldn’t bring herself to search for it, as others would easily besiege her.

Incongruence Divine Mother was a pragmatic person. She agreed to Yan Zhaoge’s plan and even used the Grand Heavenly Realm physique to cover up Yan Zhaoge and the others. In the end, Yan Zhaoge’s group located the Immortal Trapping Sword, successfully bringing it back with them.

In contrast, in their current search for the Immortal Extermination Sword, Daoism took a completely inversed approach compared to their previous actions.

They didn’t find any sword and instead located the Broad Accomplishment Master’s broken arm. After being obstructed by the Drake-Headed Immortal, the Spiritual Tusk Immortal, and Qu Su, Yan Zhaoge’s plan changed after chasing them away.

This time, it was their turn to feign actions while the Incongruence Divine Mother made her move.

The Incongruence Divine Mother was the one taking the Immortal Extermination Sword.

“Namo Amitabha.” The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha chanted and said, “Truly spectacular. Even after we prepared ourselves, thou art still capable of fooling all of us. A truly astonishing feat.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge and shook his head, “Or perhaps, the threat of thy Golden Bodies of the Great Sage far exceeded a certain Daoism Heavenly Immortal.”

Not their potential and future threats, but the current influential powers and importance they posed!

At the very least, in regards to locating the Immortal Extermination Four Swords, Yan Zhaoge’s usefulness far exceeded the Incongruence Divine Mother.

When searching for the Immortal Trapping Sword in the past, Yan Zhaoge’s first display of the technique caught everyone by surprise.

Precisely due to this, Wang Guan, Qu Su, and the others had suffered immensely previously.

Since then, everyone else had realized something. That Daoism intended to, and most importantly, had the capabilities of searching for the Immortal Extermination Four Swords, which would allow them to reproduce the horrifying Immortal Extermination Formation.

The key here was Yan Zhaoge.

As such, while the heretical Buddhists, heretical Daoists, the Western Pure Lands, and the Demon Race were still fighting against each other, they still dispatched some forces upon sensing movements from Yan Zhaoge.

As a result, Yan Zhaoge used this attention on himself as a guise.

The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha said, “Even if we relinquish the Immortal Extermination Sword to keep thee here, it’s still plenty worth it.”

“You flatter me too much, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.” Yan Zhaoge stood on the shoulder of the giant ape harnessed by the North Ocean Clone and scanned his surroundings.

The Drake-Headed Immortal coldly said, “Brat, don’t get so cocky. We shall converse further after taking you down.”

As he spoke, his figure shook, instantly transforming into the hideous green lion who devoured the skies. He widened his mouth and came snarling toward Yan Zhaoge and the others.

“The heretics’ development had been expanding far too greatly the past few years. How about placing our adversaries behind and focus on dealing with them first?” said Yin Jiao toward Qu Su and the two other Great Demons.

“That’s what we had in mind!” The Spiritual Tusk Immortal let out a lengthy bellow, transforming into his six-tusked white elephant form, with his feet stomping beneath.

The Great Demon wielding the ranseur had an ugly appearance, with eyes as small as a mouse’s and the head of a musk deer. Despite his appearance, he had an aura of savagery capable of evoking fear in his presence. He coldly stared at the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha and lifted his ranseur, stabbing it toward the three gigantic apes.

Yan Zhaoge pressed his palms together, transforming the surrounding blazes into fiery comets which came discharging toward the surrounding, coupled with staggering might.

While he used himself as bait for his enemies’ attention, he didn’t plan on sacrificing himself just like that. Of course, he would have to break out of the heavy besiegement.

The three gigantic apes bellowed in unison and shot toward the skies.

Using the Golden Body of the Great Sage harnessed by his North Ocean Clone as his protection, Yan Zhaoge pointed his finger mid-air, causing the grand commencement’s Early Heaven Prana to shoot out from his fingertip.

The demonic ape widened his mouth, causing the Early Heaven Pranas to gush out from within. They separated into three parts within the void, transforming into three different parts of Clear Qis.

With so many opponents, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage alone with the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel wouldn’t suffice in overpowering the threats.

However, it was different for the Great Sage Equalling Heavens.

Back then, by being bare-handed, he could already cause such massive havoc within the Immortal Court. With the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel now in his possession, he could ignore the disadvantage known as numbers!

However, just as the demonic monkey was spewing out the Clear Qis, the Great Demon wielding the ranseur did the same.

He widened all three of his mouths and blew.

Suddenly, savage winds ravaged through the surrounding cosmos, engulfing the area within a field of yellow blurriness.

The universe came close to collapsing, and the eternal void was trembling.

The demonic monkey’s mouth was interrupted, preventing the three different Clear Qis from descending unto the other two Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

As if an ancient celestial mountain was yanked out from the ground, the three colossal apes were swept off their feet and blown till their bodies kept spinning mid-air. The winds blew so strongly that they couldn’t even keep their eyes open.

While the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel remained unmoving after being placed within the void, the three demonic monkeys couldn’t stay in place.

The gusts of yellow winds were all over the place, causing even the astronomical skies to be in disarray. Even the green lion’s mouth had difficulties devouring anything.

He became a little displeased. However, looking at the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage, he chuckled coldly and said, “Now, show us your fleeting arrogance!”

“Yellow Wind Great Sage, Yellow Wind Demon!” The demonic monkeys yelled.

Yellow Wind Demon did not respond. Wielding the ranseur, he widened his mouth once again, spewing out a gust of Samadhi Celestial Winds.

His winds were different from normal smokes.

If their eyes were blinded by smoke, Yan Zhaoge, Xu Fei, and the others could use the Three Brilliances Sacred Water to wash away the blighted smog.

However, the wind could blow the Three Brilliances Sacred Water away.

While the Sacred Water was almighty, its quantity was far too little. It couldn’t possibly last longer than the yellow winds’ incessant blows.

Moreover, even if they could protect their eyes, the winds would always blow the Early Heavens Prana away.

“Since we came here for you, of course, we have ways of dealing with you,” said the Spiritual Tusk Immortal as he smiled smugly.

Touching the injury at the back of his hip, rage instantly filled his heart, and he immediately stabbed his spear forward.

The Drake-Headed Immortal, Qu Su, the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, and Yin Jiao joined the fray of besiegement.

The Yellow Wind Demon retracted his winds and remained spectating from the side, watching as the others subdued Yan Zhaoge’s group.

As long as a demonic monkey intended to transform using the One Prana Three Clears, intending to harness the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form, the Yellow Wind Demon immediately unleashed another gust of Samadhi Celestial Winds, interrupting Yan Zhaoge and the others’ transformation. After that, the others would continue their besiegement.

Without the celestial winds blinding them, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage remained as ruthless as ever, with the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel forcing their enemies back.

Only, being entrapped within such heavy besiegement, they couldn’t find the opportunity to break through the besiegement.