Chapter 1566 - The Jade Illusory Palace That Appeared Momentarily

Chapter 1566 : The Jade Illusory Palace that Appeared Momentarily

Unlike Feng Yunsheng, who possessed the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority and the Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation, the Incongruence Divine Mother and other Daoism Heavenly Immortals would easily attract the attention of other Dao Ancestors.

As such, they hid by the void’s boundless outskirts most of the time, becoming one together with the void as they entered a half-slumbering state. This was done to prevent being targeted by other Dao Realm bigwig experts, especially the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha.

During the past few decades, due to the Humanly Essence Stone fragment fell under Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s hands, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha had been busy fighting against each other.

This gave the Daoism Heavenly Immortals more freedom for moving around, allowing them to manifest their true form for a longer period and much more frequently.

However, they still had to remain cautious and always be on guard.

Yan Zhaoge behested Gao Qingxuan to pass the Lord of Broad Accomplishment’s broken arm to the Incongruence Divine Mother and requested her to locate the Immortal Extermination Sword along with the Broad Accomplishment Master’s cadaver.

The Incongruence Divine Mother succeeded, but she continued to remain in the area for a long while.

The reason why she had yet to return to the void was due to her observing the Immortal Extermination Sword and the Broad Accomplishment Master’s cadaver. Her senses told her that something was not right.

“I saw the traces of the battle’s aftermath.” The Incongruence Divine Mother said, “According to the projected images, Daoist Broad Accomplishment managed to escape the besiegement, and finally perished after all his vitality were depleted. The Immortal Extermination Sword accompanied him. They buried deep into the void, only appearing in the world once again after I searched this area.”

“But…” Hints of uncertainty appeared on her face, “I sense the presence of another fellow Daoist from this sword.”

“While the feeling is extremely faint, I won’t mistake this at all.”

The gazes of Yan Zhaoge and the others became austere, and their expressions turned stern.

“The Earth Queen…” The name gradually came out from the Incongruence Divine Mother’s lips.

Yan Zhaoge turned to the Immortal Extermination Sword and repeated as he mumbled, “Earth Queen…”

There was only one person that fitted the Incongruence Divine Mother’s description.

One of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Four Imperials of Daoism, the Bearing Heaven Efficate Deep Virtue Great Light Earth Queen Deification, commonly known as the Earth Queen.

Being of the same position as the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, others referred to her as the “Earthly Ether Sovereign.”

In the past, her scripture was buried in the World beyond Worlds’ Southeastern Yang Heaven Territory’ Royal Reed Sea, which Yan Zhaoge later acquired.

During the major war which transpired about fifty years ago, to save Xu Fei, Yan Zhaoge relinquished the Later Earth Text and integrated the scripture’s obscure laws into the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

“Did the Earth Mother join the besiegement against the Lord of Broad Accomplishment? That shouldn’t be the case.” Gao Qingxuan’s expression remained calm, “If that’s the case, the Earth Mother would have located his cadaver and the Immortal Extermination Sword later on. But, why didn’t she take the sword away, or bury the Lord of Broad Accomplishment, leaving everything in place? Did she not want to, or was she unable to?”

“We have no way of knowing.” The Incongruence Divine Mother said, “The chances of her being unable to do that is much higher. If I located the Immortal Extermination Sword but couldn’t bring it away with me and didn’t want others knowing that I came here before, I would erase my traces to prevent other Dao Ancestors from noticing it.”

As she spoke, the Incongruence Divine Mother suddenly frowned and remained silent.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were startled. After pondering for a moment, the Incongruence Divine Mother said, “I just received news that the Jade Illusory Palace had re-emerged.”

Everyone’s breaths were suddenly taken aback.

The Jade Illusory Palace of the Kunlun Mountain’s Qilin Cliff. This place wasn’t foreign to any of Daoism’s successors.

It was the cave manor of the Jade Clear’s Primordial Heavenly Lord. Ever since the Primordial Heavenly Lord transcended and the Ancient era ended, the palace had retreated into hiding, never to be seen again.

Now that the Jade Illusory Palace had re-emerged in the world, how could Yan Zhaoge and the others not be surprised?

Moreover, the information came from the Incongruence Divine Mother. She wouldn’t just say things randomly without any confidence backing her up.

Since the Incongruence Divine Mother said so, it would most likely be true.

“However, it only appeared for a fleeting moment. After its appearance, it disappeared once again.” The Incongruence Divine Mother frowned and said, “Thanks to my search for the Immortal Extermination Sword, I missed it.”

Yan Zhaoge asked softly, “Did anyone else enter?”

“I’m not too sure.” The Incongruence Divine Mother replied, “But if one beneath the Dao Realm enters either the Jade Illusory Palace or the Roving Jade Palace, they would instantly be hurled outside when the palace disappears. Even if someone managed to remain inside, a fleeting moment is all they could last.”

The flow of time differed from the Jade Illusory Palace. Even the Grand Heavenly Immortals who had escaped the constraints of the river of time would be dragged back inside, reverting to the normal time flow.

Yan Zhaoge and the others subconsciously looked at the Immortal Extermination Sword hovering mid-air.

“Does this imply that the Earth Mother is still alive?” asked Feng Yunsheng.

Xu Fei took down his wine pouch and took a sip, “But, if even the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor couldn’t locate the Jade Illusory Palace, how did the Earth Mother manage to find it?”

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor originated from the main Jade Clear lineage but rarely took any action during the Ancient era. As such, just like the Master Amidst Clouds, he wasn’t listed among the famed Jade Illusory Twelve Immortals. However, even if the head of the twelve Immortals – the Lord of Broad Accomplishment met him, the Broad Accomplishment Master would still refer to him as “senior apprentice-brother Southern Extremity.”

“I’m not too sure.” The Incongruence Divine Mother said, “Although it had already disappeared, I still intend on having a look at the location in which the Jade Illusory Palace appeared.”

“Keep the Immortal Extermination Sword safe.” She looked at Yan Zhaoge, “You acquired Daoist Earth’s scripture in the past. Perhaps, you might have some compatibility with her. How about you try prying into it?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Noted. I will pay attention to it.”

The Incongruence Divine Mother’s figure disappeared within the void, disintegrating into spots of sword-lights that spread in all directions.

The world of sword-lights engulfing Yan Zhaoge and the others shattered and disappeared as if a gust of wind had blown them away.

“Just as the Incongruence Divine Mother said, there is something weird about this.” Xu Fei turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

“No matter what, we still managed to collect three out of four Immortal Extermination Swords. Our accumulations throughout the past few years weren’t to no avail.” Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone stashed away the Immortal Extermination Sword, “Let’s continue discussing on our way back.”

Gao Qingxuan unleashed her sword-lights, engulfing everyone present within, and shot toward the distance.

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean clone said to Xu Fei and Pan Pan, “Let our analysing commence.”

Through the previous rounds of battles, the three had gone through extreme depletion of stamina. Fortunately, they didn’t have to harness the Golden Body of the Great Sage any longer to reach their destination.

The North Ocean Clone and Xu Fei extended their right hands forward while Pan-Pan raised his front paw.

Three rays of brilliance flew atop their heads, forming a clump of radiance.

Amidst the radiance, words were looming within.

-The contents of the Later Earth Text.

As the radiances shone on the Immortal Extermination Sword, Yan Zhaoge walked forward and analyzed them.

“Just as the Incongruence Divine Mother said, there are indeed traces of the Earth Mother…” said Yan Zhaoge after studying for a while.

After pondering for a long while, Yan Zhaoge asked Gao Qingxuan to stash away the Immortal Trapping Sword, and wield the Immortal Extermination Sword.

As he analyzed Later Earth Text hovering mid-air, he inscribed the runes on the Immortal Extermination Sword.