Chapter 1565 - Name Spreading Through The Five Worlds

Chapter 1565 : Name Spreading Through the Five Worlds

Having gone through the pressing ordeals, the Broad Accomplishment Master was already ridden with wounds. After slaying that snake Devil Lord, he was gravely wounded by his foe, ultimately resulting in his left arm being ripped apart. Finally, his wounds accumulated to the very limits and thoroughly exploded.

After slaying the snake Devil Lord and pressing forward into the distance, this Daoism’s veteran Heavenly Lord belonging to the Jade Clear lineage perished between the celestial skies, concluding the demise of a mythical figure.

Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei, and Gao Qingxuan sighed after hearing his words.

“Barely any acquaintances of the past remain. Even if we weren’t exactly on friendly terms in the past, the Broad Accomplishment, Jade Cauldron, and other fellow Daoists’ cadaver truly fill me with grief.”

After a short while, the Incongruence Divine Mother finally retracted her gaze and looked toward Yan Zhaoge and the others, “However, our Daoism now has the chance of flourishing. If Daoist Broad Accomplishment and the others knew of it, they would surely be gratified.”

Her gaze fell on Yan Zhaoge’s right eye, and she said, “Congrats on ascending to the Grand Heavenly Realm, becoming an everlasting existence.”

Feng Yunsheng’s figure emerged from Yan Zhaoge’s right eye, projecting in mid-air, “You compliment me too much. I was merely lucky enough.”

“No need to be so humble. You ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm but a moment ago, yet you’re already so glaringly remarkable. After nurturing for a while more, surely you’ll become more astounding, just as Daoist Suo had been,” said Suo Mingzhang.

Approximately seventy years ago, the Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang became the first Grand Heavenly Immortal of Daoism’s Three Clear Lineages after the Great Calamity.

At that time, Suo Mingzhang had deterred one of the Six Extinct Devils’ Wood Devil – the Shadow Devil, slaying four Immortal Court Heavenly Immortals in the process. When that transpired, even the North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor couldn’t stop him.

Twenty years later, due to the matters related to the Water Devil and the Earth Devil’s reincarnation, orthodox Daoism continued skirmishing against the Nine Underworlds.

Suo Mingzhang fought against the Shadow Devil once again, countering the Shadow Devil from start to end, tormenting the Shadow Devil throughout the entire process. If it weren’t for the Primordial Heart Devil and the other Devil Lords, the Shadow Devil, who had never met his demise since the dawn of time, would have welcomed his very first quietus.

After forcing back the group of Devils, the head of the Golden-Winged Great Rocs – the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was enraged by the death of his son – Fuluo Zi. As a result, he sought to take revenge against Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, and others. However, his journey of revenge was obstructed by Daoism’s Heavenly Immortals like Suo Mingzhang.

The previous two sides, who were besieging the Devils, instantly turned against each other, causing another round of skirmish to occur.

During this battle, Suo Mingzhang contended against the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, preventing him from escaping. Using his strength alone, he managed to hold back the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles equipped with unparalleled speed compared to other Grand Heavenly Realms. It was a feat that required several Buddhas to achieve previously.

The two sides fought incessantly, dragging on until after Yan Zhaoge caused his ruckus in the Immortal Court, and the Demon Race decided to relaunch their wave of attacks against the Immortal Court together with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. In the end, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles couldn’t do anything and could only join the other Great Demons in the Immortal Court’s skirmish.

After Manahayuri came out of the Western Pure Lands, they turned to attack the World beyond Worlds.

Several Buddhas came to prevent Daoism’s Heavenly Immortals from providing any aid.

As a result, after the battle against the Nine Underworlds and the Demon Race, Suo Mingzhang and the others immediately underwent the third battle.

The gallant flame dragon fought valorously with each succeeding fight. After the Shadow Devil and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, he fought against Vajrapramardi Buddha, who placed second only to Shakyamuni Buddha among the thirty-five Buddhas of the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

During the Middle era, when the central Blessed Lands of Saha flourished, thirty-four Buddhas emerged from the western Great Thunderclap Monastery. They journeyed in all four directions, proclaiming Gautama Buddha as the thirty-fifth Buddha.

The Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha was placed in the third direction, while the Vajrapramardi Buddha was situated in the first direction facing upward, placed directly beside the Shakyamuni Buddha. He was one of the few strongest experts of orthodox Buddhism. He could harness the true intents of indestructible vajra, as well as his everlasting intelligence.

Within the central Blessed Lands of Saha, only Mahamayuri, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, and Maitreya Buddha yet to ascend to Buddhahood, and the Great Roc King were on par with his strength.

After the Middle era, when the central Blessed Lands of Saha split apart, the Vajrapramardi Buddha, the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, and the other orthodox Buddhism experts turned to join the Western Pure Lands.

In the current state of war, where the Western Pure Lands assisted the Immortal Court and the Demon Race aided the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the two sides opened up another battlefield to exchange blows. Among the two factions, the leading figures were the Vajrapramardi Buddha and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, respectively.

One could shift in space and was equipped with sonic speed. The other was an indestructible figure with solid and sturdy defenses all around. Nevertheless, the two were problematic opponents with the capabilities of taking on several others at once alone.

However, Suo Mingzhang became stronger and stronger as the fight dragged on, and he clashed head-on against the Vajrapramardi Buddha. During the fight, the Vajrapramardi Buddha could only harness his defense and rarely attacked at all. In fact, Suo Mingzhang almost broke out of his blockade and almost headed toward the World beyond Worlds.

As a result, preceding his first fight from fifty years ago, Suo Mingzhang’s name shocked the world once again.

-The Shadow Devil of the Grand Heavenly Realm, who could cause immense distraction against most of his foes.

-The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, whose speed was considered as the pioneer among all Grand Heavenly Realm existences, one who was seemingly ubiquitous when fighting against his opponents.

-The Vajrapramardi Buddha, whose Golden Body’s defensive capabilities were deemed number one among the Western Buddhas beneath the Dao Realm.

Fighting these three experts one after another, and not even suffering from any disadvantages. Suo Mingzhang’s name had shaken the Nine Underworlds, the Immortal Court, the Western Heavens, and the Starry Seas. His prestige exceeded even the veteran Daoism Heavenly Immortals like the Incongruence Divine Mother, the Southern Extremity Longevity emperor, and the North Star Emperor.

During the past five decades, Suo Mingzhang rarely showed himself.

Because other Dao Ancestors were already scrutinizing his existence. He had to avoid the possibility of other Dao Realm experts resolving their disputes temporarily to cause him trouble.

Everyone was paying attention to this youngster who ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm to see how far he had progressed.

“Suo Mingzhang’s talents are truly astounding. Each and every step he took far surpassed what I had experienced.” Feng Yunsheng bowed toward the Incongruence Divine Mother.

The Incongruence Divine Mother shook her head, “Suo Mingzhang established his path of severing heavens, a path never ventured before since the times of yore. Every step he takes implies that his very own dao is perfected, even more, allowing him to reach a brand-new height. This was also why he could attain such horrifying might in the mere few decades after challenging the Origin Heavenly Tribulation. Surely, right now, he’s much stronger than he was before.”

“As for your path, while it has a deep semblance with my Prime Clear Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, it’s still considered as a brand-new path with a future of uncertainties. It’s extremely similar to Daoist Suo’s condition.”

After all, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil had never truly descended upon this world before.

To subdue the devilish intent within, Feng Yunsheng integrated her understanding with other supreme martial arts laws.

Feng Yunsheng said, “The sea of dao is unending. The closer we are to the Dao Realm, the harder it becomes. I’m mortified by the heavens bestowing me with this life-changing opportunity. Being granted with this opportunity, I can only push myself forward and continue venturing forward.”

The Incongruence Divine Mother nodded and turned to Yan Zhaoge, “Cultivating the Three Clears together… I’m looking forward to your future.”

“I thank the Incongruence Divine Mother for your kind words.” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

“Dao Ancestors never pay any attention to anyone beneath the Grand Heavenly Realm.” The Incongruence Divine Mother continued, “So, I won’t keep this Immortal Extermination Sword with me. I’ll hand it to you guys.”

Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan nodded. Then, the Incongruence Divine Mother said, “However, there is something peculiar with this sword, which you all should know beforehand.”