Chapter 1570 - The Last Sword Of The Immortal Exterminating Four Swords

Chapter 1570: The Last Sword of the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords

Hearing Yang Jian’s words, Yan Zhaoge thought back to the previous phenomena where the cosmos was manifested.

The ocher-colored radiance spread toward the direction, seemingly abounded deep within the cosmos, enshrouding Yang Jian’s true form from the outside world.

“No wonder why you had to make such arrangements to hide your identity, even after you disguised yourself.” Yan Zhaoge finally understood, “Only, what kind of secret was it that begs you to remain so cautious?”

Yang Jian smiled slightly, “Speaking of it, this matter is related to you.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows, “Related to me?”

“That’s right.” Yang Jian said, “Or rather, it’s more related to you all. To me, it’s merely some sort of passing matter.”

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “Have anyone commented on that habit of yours for dragging questions on for too long…”

Yang Jian sighed, “Of course, but most of them are long gone now.”

Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but let out a sigh, “Come on…”

Yang Jian sighed as well and shook his head. Then, he continued with an upright expression, “This matter is closely related to your current plans.”

“Our current plans?” A sharp glisten flashed across Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng’s eyes, “The Immortal Extermination Four Swords?”

Yang Jian nodded, “That’s right. Now, you have Immortal Extermination, Immortal Slaughtering, and Immortal Trapping. The last one you’re lacking is the Immortal Ending Sword, wielded by senior apprentice-uncle Daoist Way in the past.”

“Only… When the Great Calamity transpired, senior apprentice-uncle Daoist Way met his undoing, while the Immortal Ending Sword’s owner changed as well.”

Yang Jian said in a deep tone, “If no changes occurred, the current owner of the Immortal Ending Sword is no one else but the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord!”

Yan Zhaoge’s pupils contracted slightly, “The Immortal Ending Sword is with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord?”

“That’s right.” Yang Jian slowly nodded, “In the past, senior apprentice-uncle Daoist Way had perished by the hands of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. I witnessed it personally, yet I was unable to rescue him. Later, I was also pursued by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. After escaping with my heavy injuries, I received aid from the Grand Clear senior apprentice-uncle Xuan Du and forged the signs of my death. Later, I recovered within the Tushita Palace.”

The look of bewilderment faded from Yan Zhaoge’s expression, and he nodded lightly.

The disparity between the Dao Realm and those beneath the Dao Realm was the largest.

In fact, it could be said that those beneath the Dao Realm were mere pesky ants.

Since the times of yore, there had been no cases of Grand Heavenly Immortals contending against Dao Ancestors.

Even someone as strong as the Lord of Plentiful Treasures who cultivated the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture had perished under the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

However, being one of the few strongest Grand Heavenly Realm experts, even if he had no strength for retaliation against a Dao Ancestor’s attack, a Dao Ancestor had no full confidence of killing him.

Unless a foe of the same level of strength was holding back this Grand Heavenly Immortal.

Just like how the Great Sage Equalling Heavens was slammed to the ground by the Elder Lord when fighting against Yang Jian and suppressed by the Gautama Buddha’s palm when fighting against the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord.

Mahamayuri’s confrontation against Daoist Zhunti further emphasized this disparity, giving a fair amount of warnings to the following generations to come.

Perhaps, Yang Jian’s strength might be inferior to the Great Sage Equalling Heavens and the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord. However, he was still one of the few strongest experts beneath the Dao Realm, especially his ability to excel in transformations. During the chaotic times of the Great Calamity, it was no surprise that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord couldn’t take him down.

“Other than you and the Tushita Palace, is no one else aware of the Earth Mother’s demise?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

Yang Jian nodded, “Nope. The ones who slew Daoist Earth were slain by me, while her cadaver was brought along with me. I originally planned on burying her somewhere safe, but what awaited me was the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s incursion.”

“I followed senior apprentice-uncle Xuan Du to the Tushita Palace and buried Daoist Earth’s cadaver there as well.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “With this, you aren’t afraid of others seeing through your guise of the Earth Mother.”

He raised his head slightly and softly rubbed his temples, “The Immortal Ending Sword is in the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s hands. Now, this is troublesome.”

Feng Yunsheng frowned as well, “After the Great Calamity, no one had used the Immortal Ending Sword, including the Immortal Court heretics. If it’s still in there, then the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would be the one personally taking care of it. He… is waiting for us.”

“If we don’t go, he won’t be affected.” Yan Zhaoge muttered, “No wonder why I had a weird feeling last time. So it’s because of this.”

He looked at Feng Yunsheng, “During the search for the Immortal Extermination Sword, don’t you think the Demon Race and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were far more enthusiastic compared to the Immortal Court and the Western Pure Lands?”

“The Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus are currently engaged in a heated battle. Without Yin Jiao and Qu Su, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus would suffer even more.” Feng Yunsheng came to a realization, “At least three Demon Race Great Sages participated in this action, while only the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha was dispatched from the Western Pure Lands. It’s clear who has the advantageous position here. After all, they already have the Immortal Ending Sword in their grasp.”

Yan Zhaoge gritted his teeth, “They merely attacked us for symbolic reasons. It was just a guise to prevent us from arousing suspicions. If they could snatch the Immortal Extermination Sword, that would be for the best. If not, then nothing is lost.”

“The Immortal Court and the Western Pure Lands are waiting for us to walk right into their traps when searching for the fourth sword and overwhelm us with their forces. When that time comes, we might even grant them the complete set of Immortal Extermination Four Swords as well as the blueprint.”

He cupped his hands toward Yang Jian, “Thank you very much for notifying us about this matter.”

Yang Jian smiled, “We’re all fellow disciples of Daoism after all. Drop your formalities, friend.”

“Yet, humans die in pursuit of wealth, despite knowing the repercussions of avarice!” Yan Zhaoge smiled bitterly, “The difference between three and four swords is far too great. While a complete Immortal Extermination Formation can’t overwhelm a Dao Ancestor, at least four are required to break through the formation.”

“If it’s incomplete, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord alone sufficed.”

Yan Zhaoge patted his forehead, “Actually, this isn’t something outside the scope of our prediction. Only, since we were far too successful with our previous endeavors, the delusion had completely taken over us.”

Only by combining the Immortal Extermination Four Swords would its value shine the brightest. With how valuable it was, how could they not covet after it?

Back in the Middle era, while the Immortal Slaughtering Sword had gone missing after the Red Essence Master and the Lord of Plentiful Treasure were met with their fate of doom, the other three swords were still targets of huge concern.

Who knows when the Immortal Slaughtering Sword would appear once again?

Again, being able to obtain them all would be for the best.

However, if one couldn’t obtain all, of course, they had to prevent others from succeeding.

As long as one was snatched away, it equated to dismantling the Immortal Extermination Formation. Even if they couldn’t obtain it, at least no pressing threats would be imposed unto them from their foes.

Perhaps, the Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity protecting the Immortal Trapping Sword before his passing was a coincidence.

The result of Immortal Extermination belonging to the Nine Underworlds and the Immortal Ending going to the Immortal Court was the result of each faction fighting for them.

“Since you protected this secret and didn’t expose the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s intentions, did you plan on using his trick against him?” A glisten suddenly flickered across Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, and he looked toward Yang Jian.