Chapter 1577 - Dipankara Archaic Buddha

Chapter 1577 : Dipankara Archaic Buddha

“A sarira of Sakyamuni Tathagata Buddha?” Yang Jian dwelled within his sea of thoughts, “After Sun Wukong’s Golden Body resurfaced within the world, I remember the Elder Lord mentioning something.”

“The Gautama Buddha of the Mystical Mountain’s Great Thunderclap Monastery was Daoist Zhunti’s transformation, one of the two Western Patriarchs.”

Bhikkhu Xuan Du nodded, “That’s right. While I did have such guesses in mind, my guess was only affirmed at that time.”

Yang Jian showed a look of understanding, “The one who desires for the sarira isn’t the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, but Kong Xuan?”

“If our guesses are right, then that should be it,” answered Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

Yang Jian asked, “How many sariras are there in total?”

Bhikkhu Xuan Du said, “According to the old master, there are five in total.”

“I wonder how many do Kong Xuan have now?” Yang Jian suddenly smiled, “The Dipankara Archaic Buddha wouldn’t be so kind as to help him accumulate them all, right?”

“But, he might use this to exchange for Mahamayuri’s assistance again.” Bhikkhu Xuan Du said, “Mahamayuri had always remained a neutral stance between the Demon Race and Buddhism. However, he suddenly interfered with the Demons forty-nine years ago. His reason for doing so should be due to this.”

As he spoke, Bhikkhu Xuan Du looked toward Yang Jian, “So, in the next battle for the Immortal Ending Sword, Mahamayuri might take action once again.”

Yang Jian smiled slightly, “During the Ancient era’s war, he was a Grand Heavenly Realm, while I was a mere Grand Virtual Realm. Since then, we didn’t have the chance to exchange blows anymore. If we truly do meet each other, I have this strong urge to fight him again. Only, the other Dao Ancestors might come chasing after me first.”

“No one doubts your talent and strength. Be that as it may, while Mahamayuri isn’t your counter, his five-colored divine flashes of brilliance render all artifacts useless, making him a foe of utmost domineeringness. What’s more, after he entered Buddhism, his strength experienced significant growth. It’s better if you remain cautious.” Bhikkhu Xuan Du said, “The Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts was of your very own creation. Hence nobody can give you pointers for your advancements. You can only rely on yourself, so it’s better if you remain cautious at all times.”

Yang Jian nodded, “I understand. Thank you for giving me such advice.”

Then, he got up and left.

Watching Yang Jian’s silhouette leaving, Bhikkhu Xuan Du continued sitting by the side hall. His gaze remained fixated by the brocade box on the floor, and he remained silent for a long while.

…

After leaving the Tushita Palace, instead of returning to the Western Pure Lands, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha remained by the void’s boundless outskirts.

After a short while, a Buddha emitting a radiating sense of intelligence and benevolence emerged from the void. After seeing the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, he nodded, “Seems like thy goal hath been accomplished.”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha nodded as well and smiled, “Fortunately, my venture wasn’t to no avail. Next, I’ll have to rely on thee for behesting Daoist Gold Radiance Immortal to pass the word to the Astro Mountains Starry Seas.”

The Gold Radiance Immortal, an ancient xeno-race Gold-furred Hou [1] who cultivated after entering Daoism. During the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, he attended the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure’s lectures.

However, after the Investiture Gods war, he was subdued by a Jade Clear bigwig – the Compassionate Cultivated Deity and was forced into becoming a mount.

After the Compassionate Cultivated Deity entered Buddhism and transformed into the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the Gold Radiance Immortal was also forced into Buddhism.

The Bodhisattva currently standing in front of the Dipankara Archaic Buddha was the Jade Clear bigwig of the past, and the current Buddhist Bhante – the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.

While he was called “Bodhisattva,” his title was different from how Daoism categorized Buddhist Bhantes. In terms of strength and cultivation, the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was originally a Daoism Heavenly Lord. After entering Buddhism, he attained Buddhism enlightenment, becoming a rightful Grand Heavenly Realm expert.

In truth, since the Middle era, he had been studying under the Western Pure Lands’ Amitabha Buddha and was also referred to as the Righteous Path Enlightened Tathagata. Not only that, there were even titles like Svabhava Suddhi Dharmata Tathagata, the Avalokitasvara Potante Tathagata, the Avalokitasvara Potante Buddha, and the Avalokitasvara Bodhisattva. He was one of the few disciples that Amitabha was highly proud of.

The Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was his incarnation after entering the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

After the Gautama Buddha transcended, and the Maitreya Buddha transformed the central Blessed Lands of Saha into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva left along with countless other Buddhas, joining the Western Pure Lands in the process.

Hearing the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s words, the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva asked, “Doth thou imply contacting these fellow Daoists of the Demon Race wouldn’t affect the fight for the Humanly Essence Stone?”

“Right.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha smiled and nodded.

The Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva showed a compassionate expression and let out a sigh, “Is this for the Three Clear Lineage?”

“Thou guessed it correctly.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha answered, “As our battle with the Demon Race persisted, the Three Clear Lineage managed to reap quite the number of benefits from the sidelines.”

“Especially during the recent times, where they already obtained three of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords. Being at such crucial timing, slight negligence might alter the entire situation. Ergo, there are some things we must do. I believe the Demon Race will be on the same page.”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha then said, “The Vajrapramardi Buddha and others are preoccupied with their fighting, so no need to disrupt them, and let them continue. As such, we shall change our ways and request Daoist Gold Radiance Immortal to connect our parties together. With this, we shall communicate with the fellow Demons of the Astro Mountains Starry Seas who are as free as us.”

Then, he smiled and said, “The Three Clear Lineage obtained the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ Golden Body and could even harness his true form, albeit being temporary. Since they fought for the Immortal Extermination Sword, rest is what they deeply require now, which makes it convenient for us to act without alarming the Ancestral Buddha.”

After remaining silent for a while, the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva nodded and said, “Wait for me, Archaic Buddha. I shall summon the Gold Radiance Immortal here.”

“I’m grateful for that.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha pressed his hands together.

…

Within the Awakened Sky Cosmos, above the Sky beyond Skies’ Broad Creed Mountain.

Yan Zhaoge shut his eyes as he quietly cultivated within the Pill Hall’s Purple Divine Pavilion.

Suddenly, he sensed something.

This sense didn’t originate from his cultivation. Instead, it was a response given by the Pill Hall.

Yan Zhaoge’s mind seemed to have integrated with the Pill Hall. His thoughts expanded toward the vast Awakened Sky Cosmos and came in contact with the cosmos’ boundaries, entering the vast boundless void.

The surrounding environment was so astronomically boundless. He felt as if he was situated within an endless sea.

Suddenly, Yan Zhaoge felt as if the surrounding sea waters were pressing onto him.

Monstrous waves arose and came gushing toward him.

… As if a violent storm was occurring in the distant sea, causing violent sea waves to flow in all directions, affecting him in the process.

“Something’s not right…” Yan Zhaoge’s heart sank.

Within the void’s boundless outskirts, such large-scale surging was considered a rare occurrence. However, this wasn’t the first time it happened either.

Not only the Awakened Sky Cosmos, even the dao universe of the past where the World beyond Worlds was located at, or even the Immortal Court, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and other places had also experienced such phenomena before.

However, as far as Yan Zhaoge knew, occurrences like this usually originated from one direction only. They would approach from afar and gradually affect the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

Yet, right now, he could sense the gargantuan wave-like convolution of time coming from multiple directions.

Yan Zhaoge’s mind retreated from the Pill Hall, and he started concentrating on his thoughts.

“This feels like… Someone’s trying to find us?”

[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denglong_(mythology)