Chapter 1573 - Exchanging An Opportunity

Chapter 1573 : Exchanging An Opportunity

Hearing the woman’s words, the red-robed old man smiled, “Your luck has yet to run out. Surely you’re able to escape from dire situations.”

“If you and your peers from the Astro Mountains Starry Seas didn’t join the event that transpired during that year, perhaps more of my peers would be able to escape from their dire situations,” said the traditionally dressed woman in a cold tone.

The red-robed old man standing in front of her was a mythical indomitable figure whose name shocked through several centuries. Dao Monarch Lu Ya, one of the few oldest existences in this universe. Born during the Early Heavens, his foundations were extremely sturdy.

In fact, his name was already well-renowned during the Ancient era. At that time, he transformed into a Great Sun Golden Crow, illuminating the entire world with his presence.

The Nuwa Sovereign created countless living beings, while the Golden Crow Race was formed through replicating his image and insights of his abilities.

During the Ancient era, he took the form of a Daoist – his current appearance, and participated in the Great War of Investiture Gods, making his name distinguished on the battlefield.

During the Middle era, Dao Monarch Lu Ya entered the central Blessed Lands of Saha, transforming into the Vairocana Buddha, becoming one of the few Buddhist bigwigs within the central Blessed Lands of Saha.

After the Middle era, after the Maitreya Buddha turned the central Blessed Lands of Saha into the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and ascended to the Dao Realm, the Vairocana Buddha left along with other Buddhas.

However, he didn’t turn to join the Western Pure Lands. Instead, he left Buddhism, transformed back into Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and joined the Astro Mountains Starry Seas.

Other than the time where the Great Calamity plundered the entire world into chaos, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the Demon Race had remained in seclusion during the majority of this era.

Until the past few decades when the Demon Race finally declared their return and officially entered the fray once again..

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi rarely concerned himself with worldly matters and left most of the Astro Mountain Starry Seas issues for Dao Monarch Lu Ya to settle. As such, he became the one holding the second most influence in the Astro Mountain Starry Seas, as well as the Demon Race’s second in command.

Generally, he rarely participated in battles directly and assigned the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, the Yellow Wind Demon, and other Great Demons to command the battlefield.

Occasions of him leaving the Grand Plainness Heavens and leaving the Astro Mountain Starry Seas were extremely scarce.

Yet, this woman in traditional clothing with a gentle and magnanimous bearing was only left with sternness when facing this veteran bigwig expert who associated himself with the Demon Race, Daoism, and Buddhism.

Facing the woman’s cold words, Dao Monarch Lu Ya didn’t seem to mind at all. His smile remained by his mouth, “Many things have their very own trajectory of fate. No matter if it’s I or others, we’re merely following the ordinance of heaven.”

“I congratulate you for managing to escape from that situation of direness. It’s also natural for people of Daoism to seek revenge against us. However, my peers and I won’t just place our heads by the guillotine obediently. If anything, let us all battle our way out.”

“Just like the news I received just now. Not long ago, the Spiritual Tusk immortal had perished under the hands of someone from Daoism.”

He smiled and said, “Of course, before our karma arrives, it won’t affect us from making any friendly encounters, right?”

The woman in traditional clothes remained silent.

Daoist Lu Ya said, “Previously, the Jade Illusory Palace appeared for a while and disappeared very quickly. Was it perhaps your doing? If anyone in this world could locate the Jade Illusory Palace, it would undoubtedly be the Elder Lord. Since you came out from the Tushita Palace, you must’ve received some orders from the Elder Lord, right?”

“That’s right,” said the woman in traditional clothes calmly.

She looked at Daoist Lu Ya, “I know what you’re coveting after. Indeed, the Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp was in the Jade Illusory Palace. I brought it out, and I prepare to send it back to the Tushita Palace.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya sighed, “Pity. I have embarrassed myself in front of you.

He looked at the woman in traditional clothing, “Perhaps, if possible, may I have a look at the Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp?”

“No problem.” The woman in traditional clothing looked directly into his gaze and said in a frank manner, “But, you’ll have to give me something in exchange.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya asked, “What could you possibly be talking about?”

“I want that decrepit qin. Are you willing to exchange it?” said the woman in traditional clothing.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s gaze became focused.

His smile faded from his face, and he became silent.

“If you can’t, then forget it.” The woman in traditional clothing said, “The Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp isn’t necessary for your plan. However, it’s the most simple one and the most stable path, ain’t that so? Keeping that qin with you won’t guarantee that the other paths will succeed.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya stared at the woman in traditional clothing for a long while and suddenly asked, “Daoist Earth, are you, or perhaps even the other fellow Daoists of orthodox Daoism aware of where the last Immortal Extermination Four Swords is at?”

“Correct.” The woman in traditional clothing didn’t hide it at all and answered frankly.

Hearing her words, Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s face relaxed. He didn’t ask further where the Immortal Ending Sword was or how they knew of it.

He slowly nodded, “As long as I can get the thing I desire from the Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp, the qin shall belong to you.”

“That’s great.” The woman in traditional clothing nodded calmly. Then, she turned around and left.

…

Within the Western Pure Lands, within a Land of Buddhism, the heavily wounded Yin Jiao brought along with him an even more heavily wounded Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha.

Bhante Baixiong quickly led them into his temple, and they met the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha lightly tapped his finger in mid-air, causing the glazed lamp shining with a complete form of Buddha light to expand toward the surroundings, enveloping the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha within.

The heavily wounded Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha sat in a lotus position while pressing his palms together. While his aura was still extremely weak, he was slowly escaping from death’s door. At the very least, he wouldn’t meet his end through the damage caused by the Great Sage Equalling Heavens.

Then, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha behested Bhante Baixiong to bring a golden alms bowl containing a medicine pill and deliver it to Yin Jiao.

After thanking the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Yin Jiao consumed the pill and immediately sat down. While healing from his wounds, he narrated the previous encounters he experienced.

“Seems like our karmic end befalls upon the final sword.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha smiled and said, “Go ahead and return to the Immortal Court to tend thy wounds. Help me greet Dao Ancestor Immeasurable as well.”

Yin Jiao bid his farewell and left the Lands of Buddhism.

“Master, is the Jade Illusory Palace not of our concern?” After sending Yin Jiao off, Bhante Baixiong asked after returning to the temple.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha shut his eyes and sunk deep into thought, “After the Primordial Heavenly Lord transcended, the Jade Illusory Palace went into hiding. By right, there shouldn’t be any treasures within. What do they covet after in the Jade Illusory Palace?”

…

After bidding farewell to Yang Jian, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng returned to the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

On the way back, Yan Zhaoge frowned lightly and remained silent as he sunk into his sea of thoughts.

Whether Yang Jian’s words were true or not, at the very least, they managed to grasp some information.

Combining them with the knowledge he had previously, Yan Zhaoge felt as if a clearer art scroll was expanding right before his eyes.

Only, he couldn’t confirm whether that was the truth or not.

“I heeded your orders and went to search for traces of the Lord of Daoist Ways’ cave manor disintegrating. There were indeed some things I unearthed.” Feng Yunsheng, who hid within his right eye, said, “Unfortunately, the future is filled with too many uncertainties. The Lord of Daoist Way had already met his demise during the times of yore, while the Immortal Ending Sword now belongs to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.”