Chapter 1585 - Method Of Deception

Chapter 1585: Method of Deception

The Primordial Heart Devil smiled faintly, “If you have something to say, just be frank.”

“My liege intends to trade this item for a promise from the Nine Underworlds.” A green lotus appeared in the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s palm, “Are the Nine Underworlds interested in this deal?”

The Primordial Heart Devil said, “It seems like the Amitabha Buddha agreed. If that’s the case, of course, my peers would willingly do so.”

“Then, I shall contact thee at a later time,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha with a smile.

The Primordial Heart Devil’s projection gradually dispersed, with the vibrant mists disappearing as well. Then, the flare within the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s complete form of Buddha light reverted to normal.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha stood up from the void, his figure seemingly diaphanous as if he was a ubiquitous existence who resided in all parts of space. Even the overlapping convoluted void’s concept of distance became devoid of all meaning in front of him.

After a while, his figure stabilized once again, and he appeared in a different universe.

A shining brilliance suddenly lit up from the dark void, with a Buddhism bigwig appearing from within. A complete form of Buddha light enshrouded his entire body, presenting a figure brimming with the color of gold. The splendor emitted from the white flames circulating his body lit up the surrounding cosmos as if he was a brilliant Land of Buddhism himself.

“Greetings, Archaic Buddha.” He bowed toward the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, while the Dipankara Archaic Buddha returned the salute by pressing his hands together, “Greetings, Bodhisattva.”

This Buddhist Bhante was the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, a follower who followed by the side of Amitabha Buddha just as the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva did. Together, they were titled the “Three Saints of the West.” Overall, he was a Buddhist bigwig regarded to be among the highest echelons in the Western Pure Lands.

Using his unique brilliance of intelligence to illuminate the entire world, he could rid the world of any sanguinary bloodshed. Bearing peerless strength, his mightiness was unrivaled. As such, he was regarded as the one whose intelligence shone the brightest.

While his title remained as a Bodhisattva, he had already attained Buddhism enlightenment long ago, just like the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and the Dipankara Archaic Buddha. He was already a bigwig expert who had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm.

“The Ancestral Buddha conferred an incarnation?” asked the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

“That’s right.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha answered, “I’ve met the Primordial Heart Devil as well.”

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva nodded, “The Three Clear Lineage made their move. Daoist Southern Extremity led a group to venture deep within the void and traversed into an ancient ruin.”

“Daoist Southern Extremity?” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha sunk deep into thought.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva smiled, “After inspecting the ruins, it seems like they are planning to search for the Jade Illusory Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha chuckled uncontrollably.

The Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, a treasure of the Jade Illusory Palace in the past. The myriad of laws shan’t ever hope of breaking through it, and neither could the infernals hope to taint it. Nevertheless, the strength its defense posed made it a rare oddity in the history of Daoism.

During the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, it even obstructed Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

Ever since the Ancient era, many different interpretations were made about its whereabouts. Some said it was still hidden within the Jade Illusory Palace; some thought it had gone missing, while some thought that the transcended Primordial Heavenly Lord had brought it along with him.

In short, this treasure had gone missing ever since the Ancient era.

If one could truly find it, then it was indeed worthy of attention.

Compared to the Western Pure Lands, the Astro Mountains Starry Seas might prioritize this treasure even more.

If the Demon Race could obtain the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, then Mahamayuri’s weakness shall no longer exist.

If the Western Pure Lands could snatch it, then even if they weren’t using it, Mahamayuri’s deterrence force would prevail, leaving the Demon Race in dismay.

Of course, compared to the Immortal Extermination Formation, the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner paled in comparison.

If Yan Zhaoge and the others focused on searching after the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner and neglected the final Immortal Extermination Four Swords and the possibility of unleashing the Immortal Extermination Formation once again, that would undoubtedly be regarded as a joke.

Without a doubt, this was the deception that orthodox Daoism laid out.

However, this deception method wasn’t done well enough.

They must have some means of follow-ups. Otherwise, this level of deception would only humor the others.

Even if the Western Pure Lands and the Immortal Court lay down bait for the orthodox Daoism, they wouldn’t pretend to believe this deception, as it would easily divide their forces.

That might make them seem too rashful, making it evident that bait was lying in wait. This would, in turn, alert Daoism instead.

“I shall meet up with the Great Roc King and the others and continue pressuring the Pill Hall by searching it,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva nodded and said, “I shall pay a visit to Daoist South Extremity’s side to see what plans they have in mind.”

“Great. I thank the Bodhisattva.” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha pressed his palms together.

The two Buddhist bigwigs left in separate paths.

…

“I thank you all, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Daoist Gao.”

While traversing through the void, Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands and saluted toward the empty cosmos above. Beside him, Yan Di did the same action as well.

Within the cosmos, thunderclaps seemed to have resounded, yet no bolts of lightning were to be seen, as if the thunderous voice ringing by the two’s ears were merely an illusion.

For the piece of Humanly Essence Stone fragment, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha had been in a war for close to a hundred years. As their fight lasted even until now, they couldn’t even be bothered with other matters.

However, a considerable reservation still prevailed between the Amitabha Buddha and the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

As the two sides presided over the battlefield, it also formed a deterrence against Daoism and Nine Underworlds’ Grand Heavenly Realm experts.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and other Daoism Heavenly Lords had to maintain their utmost cautiousness when executing something, and they frequently hid within the void as well.

Beside him was a man in white – Gao Han. While accompanying them on their journey, he smiled and said, “No need to be so courteous, Daoist Yan. This is a crucial moment for our orthodox Daoism’s honor, so I shall not back out from this matter, and my all I shall give.”

“No matter what, I still have to thank you two.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Our opponents possess towering might after all. Whether we succeed or fail depends all on this. As long as any one of us can contribute, it increases our chance of winning.”

Gao Han smiled faintly, “Makes sense.”

His gaze swept across Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di and said with a tone filled with praise, “Young Heavenly Lord and Heaven Trampling Monarch. Now, these two titles truly befit you two.”

When Yan Di inherited the position as the Broad Creed lineage’s sect master, he was given the title “Heaven Trampling Monarch” due to the traditions passed down by their ancestors.

Just like how only a True Immortal could call themselves Emperor, and only a Profound Immortal could refer to themselves as Sovereign, the title of Monarchs was bound to such ethics as well. Only a Grand Virtual Immortal was worthy of this title.

Especially when Yan Di’s title was the “Heaven Trampling Monarch.” To a certain extent, his name was even more of a taboo than Yan Zhaoge’s “Young Heavenly Lord.”

Only, since the Eight Extremities Worlds was a lower world, no one paid any heed to it and only regarded it as a joke.

Instead, after reaching the World beyond Worlds and establishing the Sky beyond Skies, his title received more attention.

With the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei’s care, the Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang’s teachings, as well as Yan Di’s rapid improvements, everyone gradually agreed with this title.

And now, Yan Di had already ascended to the Five Qis Unifications Realm within such a short amount of time, becoming almost one of the youngest Virtual Immortals ever recorded in history. This also proved that his qualifications sufficed in bearing this title.

Though, more outstanding performance was required to prove this qualification.

Yan Di said, “That was but a mere laughable title in the Eight Extremities Worlds. It’s embarrassing to even talk about it.”

“As for my title, I still have to thank you for pouring me with such concerns,” said Yan Zhaoge as he chuckled.

Gao Han also laughed, “I’ve always been filled with expectations for you, Daoist Yan. Just like today, you’re granting a grand performance unprecedented to Daoism after the Great Calamity.”

Suddenly, he stopped talking, and his gaze wavered slightly.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di looked toward the front as well.

There, demonic winds and buddha lights appeared altogether.

Gao Han’s expression became sterner, and he muttered, “A grand performance, but also a grand trial.”