Chapter 1589 - Kill In The Presence Of Others!

Chapter 1589: Kill In the Presence of Others!

Buddhism martial art techniques comprehended the impermanence of life and death. The theories of indestructible essence were incredibly effective in training the toughness of their flesh and the stability of their minds.

If one could cultivate the Golden Body, their defense would become resilient, making them invulnerable to their foes.

Even if their defenses could be broken through, things wouldn’t go south under normal circumstances.

Most of the time, Buddhist martial art practitioners relied on the toughness of their Golden Bodies to trade blows with their opponents. While facing the risk of being injured, they strove for victory under dire circumstances, becoming triumphant despite facing even stronger foes. In fact, there were many tales of weaker Buddhists winning over stronger enemies circulating about.

However, a Buddhist Bhante, the equivalent of a Daoism Heavenly Monarch, had his Golden Body obliterated by someone of the same realm!

Moreover, this wasn’t just a palm being struck on his body.

Instead, it was the amalgamation of domineering brutalness and exquisite martial arts, making it attain the level of utmost profundity, creating this incomprehensible sight terrifying for one to behold.

Yan Zhaoge grabbed the Ear Digging Arhat’s finger. While crushing his fingers, Yan Zhaoge also crushed his arm and intended to do so throughout his entire body!

The Buddha light shining on the Ear Digging Arhat dimmed down, showing his signs of impending doom.

He took in a deep breath, causing a golden lamp to suddenly light up atop his head, with a sarira appearing from within.

Buddhism martial arts differed from Daoism. They didn’t cultivate to the peak, didn’t harness the Three Flowers Converged Crown, and didn’t attain the Five Qis Unification.

However, the golden lamp and sarira, which appeared with the Ear Digging Arhat’s beckoning, was identical to the Duo Flowers Converged Crown of a Daoism Heavenly Monarch.

Being at the edge of death’s door, the Ear Digging Arhat immediately summoned his sarira and toppled over his golden lamp.

With this boosting force, the Ear Digging Arhat’s abilities surged explosively. The amber-colored Buddha light above the Golden Body illuminated with brilliance once more, further increasing his defense to obstruct Yan Zhaoge’s overwhelming force.

At the same time, a sarira descended from the sky, ushering along trails of flares. It launched itself toward Yan Zhaoge, attempting to stop Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

However, Yan Zhaoge didn’t bother moving at all. Faint purple clouds arose from the surface of his body, causing his body to interchange between the state of illusory and reality as if the place he stood was but a mere hollow space.

With the combination of the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form and the Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body, his defense was much stronger than a large majority of Buddhists’ Golden Body, allowing him to ignore those descending flares. Even when the sarira came crashing downward, it was knocked away by Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal Essence.

On the other hand, Yan Zhaoge’s palm continued unleashing his strength forward, with nothing capable of stopping his force!

Even after the Ear Digging Arhat manifested the golden lamp and sarira, which further increased his strength to his limits and the resilience of his Golden Body, he still couldn’t defend against Yan Zhaoge’s rampageous domineering strength. After crushing his arm, the force continued toward his shoulder and even intended to spread throughout his entire body!

Albeit being surprised, the Ear Digging Arhat didn’t panic, and his expression remained unfazed.

He decisively used his other hand to chop off his shoulder.

Flesh exploded from the Ear Digging Arhat’s shoulder, with the aftershock creating cracks around the Ear Digging Arhat’s body.

Yan Zhaoge released his palm as the Ear Digging Arhat’s arm had turned into specks of dust, ceasing to exist any longer.

Then, his palm continued forward, instantly reaching the head of the Buddhist Bhante. The inflicted grave injuries had seemingly resulted in a decrease in agility and strength.

The Sarvanivaranaviskambhin Bodhisattva and the Pouch Sac Arhat aside, even the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva was surprised.

In less than three moves, one of the Eighteen Arhats of Buddhism whose defense excelled against foes of the same realm – the Ear Digging Arhat was about to be beaten to death by Yan Zhaoge!

A blaze of white ember Buddha light plunged downward, engulfing the Ear Digging Arhat’s body within.

Yan Zhaoge’s palm landed on the white radiance.

In that instant, the Ear Digging Arhat’s head quivered spontaneously, with the white radiance flickering incessantly. Losing its intent of intelligence and tranquility, it became highly jarring to the eye.

It was the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s protection.

Sarvanivaranaviskambhin Bodhisattva took the opportunity to shake the lotus in his hand, commanding the Cintamani Pearl to spark with radiances. He then utilized it to grab the Ear Digging Arhat away, ultimately saving the Ear Digging Arhat from death’s grasp.

While the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva saved the Ear Digging Arhat, his pressure against the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor diminished, allowing the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor to force back the Nine-Headed Bug who focused on destroying the Grand Illusory Spatial Lightning.

The Nine-Headed Bug was enraged. He averted his gaze, and with malign glimmers flickering, he looked toward Yan Zhaoge.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and him intended to keep the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor behind as well, hence why they were so anxiously contacting the outside world.

Now that the Nine-Headed Bug was enraged, he left the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and shifted his target toward Yan Zhaoge and the others.

Even if the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor escaped, he had to leave Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di behind within the encirclement!

Yan Zhaoge looked at the white flames and Buddha lights obstructing his palm and let out a soft chuckle.

From his palm, eerie green radiances suddenly surged.

As the baleful radiances flickered, an ancient longsword appeared in Yan Zhaoge’s hand.

Chilly green radiances circulated on the ancient sword’s surface, the dense sword radiance devouring the entire cosmos, instantly causing the surrounding world to bask in the color of green.

Even with the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s white flames and Buddha lights, which illuminated the entire surroundings, the center of its luminance was tarnished with a shade of green. It felt like a wound tearing apart a brilliant Land of Buddhism.

Wherever the green radiances passed through, the white blames beaming with an illuminance of intelligence seemed to have reached its end, declining into its demise.

With the sword in his hand, Yan Zhaoge’s entire demeanor differed significantly from his usual self. Wherever his sword-lights passed through, all dao crumbled while the myriad of laws severed!

Immortal Extermination!

Wherever the horrifying sword-lights passed, Yan Zhaoge severed the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s Buddha lights.

After breaking through the Buddha lights, the sword edge instantly approached near the Ear Digging Arhat and the Sarvanivaranaviskambhin Bodhisattva.

The Ear Digging Arhat had just escaped death’s door with the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s protection. He let out a sigh of relief. But, being unable to react, he could only watch in dismay as the sword-light approached him yet again.

The green radiances were silent, and no horrifying momentum could be sensed from it. Yet, it was precisely this silence that brought one terror akin to watching Doomsday’s descent itself.

As thin threads of green radiances converged, they silently crumbled the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s Buddha lights, extinguishing the Buddha flames of eternal scorch.

It silently broke through the Ear Digging Arhat’s figure, obliterating his amber-colored Golden Body.

Unlike Yan Zhaoge’s previous Cyclic Heavenly Seal, this attack wasn’t as brutal. As the sword-light passed through, no other wounds were seen on the Ear Digging Arhat’s body, other than a red dot suddenly appearing by his forehead.

The green sword-lights instantly retracted after reaching its target, leaving only the dot behind by the Ear Digging Arhat’s forehead. Like a deflated balloon, the faint amber Buddha lights incessantly leaked from within, with no way of stopping its leakage.

Soon after, what leaked away was also the life of one of Buddhism’s Eighteen Arhats.

With the Immortal Extermination Sword in hand, Yan Zhaoge forcefully broke through a Grand Heavenly Realm expert’s protection, taking the life of the Ear Digging Arhat in front of the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva!

Successfully achieving his goal in one strike, the Immortal Extermination Sword spun by Yan Zhaoge’s hand, arching into a beautiful angle. Then, it slashed toward another direction and managed to obstruct the Nine-Headed Bug’s Crescent-Moon Shovel, who was coming his way!

Under the Immortal Extermination Sword’s graceful spin, it managed to diminish a majority of the Grand Heavenly Realm expert’s marvelousness, allowing Yan Zhaoge to slay the Ear Digging Arhat before the Nine-Headed Bug arrived.

The Nine-Headed Bug became furious.

While the Ear Digging Arhat was of a different faction than him, he still couldn’t prevent Yan Zhaoge from slaying this Buddhist Arhat before he arrived. How could this Great Demon not be enraged?

All of his heads bellowed in unison, causing hundreds of thousands of violent gales to rampage across the area.

A single gust alone sufficed in slaying countless Grand Virtual Heavenly Monarchs.

And now, hundreds of thousands of these winds had coalesced together, launching toward Yan Zhaoge with force capable of tearing the skies and the earth apart.

Turquoise radiances flickered within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes. In his hand, the Immortal Extermination Sword transformed stylishly, causing countless sword-lights to intertwine together, harnessing hundreds of thousands of sword formations. With every formation dealing with every gust of wind, they managed to barricade the Nine Heavens Gales capable of shredding the skies apart.

At the same time, the Pouch Sac Arhat suddenly appeared behind Yan Zhaoge. Then, while holding his pouch in his hand, it came falling toward Yan Zhaoge.

The Pouch Sac Arhat had abandoned Gao Han and decided to deal with Yan Zhaoge first.

Yan Zhaoge raised his empty hand, grabbing Pouch Sac Arhat’s pouch and stopped this opponent’s plan.

His palm held the semblance of an axe-like and halberd-like existence. With the momentum used to open the skies and split the earth, it pierced into the seemingly bottomless pouch!