Chapter 1587 - You Have No Say In Our Titles!

Chapter 1587 : You Have No Say in Our Titles!

As the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva appeared, boundless radiances circulated, seemingly forming a field of endless white flames that served to cleanse the world of all tarnished filth.

Even the lightning which billowed fiercely was being disintegrated gradually by the flames of white radiance.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor stood on his lightning chariot and pointed his finger forward.

A bolt of lightning bearing the semblance of chaos landed amidst the boundless radiance and exploded.

The majestic strength used to establish the primordial gulf forcefully tore apart the entire cosmos, tearing apart the incessant radiances.

Primordial Ancestral Lightning.

The lightning art ranked number one among the Nine Heavens’ Divine Lightning.

With this thunderclap, while the surrounding world illuminated with the white flame of radiance still prevailed, they started descending, ceasing to form a complete form any longer.

While it seemed like the radiances were going to merge once again, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had already unleashed another skill at that point.

Another Grand Illusory Spatial Lightning appeared. Like a bubble constructed by lightning, “bzz” sounds were emitted.

However, the Grand Illusory Spatial Lightning didn’t expand. Instead, it collapsed toward its center.

In that instant, a massive suction force devoured the surrounding radiances, with a large majority of them collapsing toward the inner center as if a cage of darkness was entrapping light within.

Lotuses sprung with each step the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva took. He instantly reached the side of the lightning ball formed by the Grand Illusory Spatial Lightning and lightly tapped on it.

The dark cage instantly shattered, causing the radiance to resurge within the world and filling the vastly immeasurable void again.

At the same time, the Nine-Headed Big waved his Crescent-Moon Shovel and created a crack within the fragile lightning barrier.

However, before he could do anything else, without paying any mind to the radiance released from its encapsulation, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor smashed his lightning chariot beneath him with his palm!

The lightning chariot was smashed to shambles, causing lightning bolts to slide toward the surroundings, further reinforcing the shattered lightning screen.

The lightning screen recovered once again in almost an instant, obstructing the people entrapped within from escaping.

“Let’s see how many times you can repair it.” The Nine-Headed Bug didn’t mind it at all and instead continued his barrage of attacks. The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva also presented his immeasurable splendor of radiances, illuminating the world to demolish the lightning.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s techniques were formidable. Even when facing two enemies alone, he could still maintain the light screen harnessed by the Grand Illusory Spatial Lightning and blot the universe with it.

However, his opponents were also formidable individuals. So even if the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor could ensure himself harmless for the time being, the lightning screen wouldn’t last much longer.

Moreover, this was under the circumstance where no Dao Ancestors took action. If a Dao Ancestor arrived due to the commotion, then the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor would have to think up ways to escape and fade back into the void.

As the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was confronting the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Bug, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch on the other side had a strong urge to take action.

He stared coldly at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

In the past, when he attempted to invade the Roving Jade Heavens, he was forced to suffer silently as he watched the bunch of Prime Clear successors depart safely.

As for him, his innate ability was severed by Feng Yunsheng’s Doomsday Saber.

Through his hundred years of cultivation, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch finally recovered a portion of his vitality. Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s group, the vengeance cooped up within his heart was on the verge of exploding, causing his eyes to appear bloodshot.

Other than the Feng Yunsheng who cultivated the Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation and the Prime Clear Heavenly Monarch who cultivated the Chaos Extinguishing Imperious Annihilation, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch didn’t hold any other foes of the same cultivation realm in high regard.

Hence, despite Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di’s reputation, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch wasn’t worried at all.

His talents were exceptionally unique, and his capabilities were unrivaled. Even a large majority of Grand Heavenly Realm experts couldn’t do anything against him as well. Hence, he felt that this was the opportune moment to exact revenge.

Even if he couldn’t slay his opponents personally, a massive batch of reinforcements would arrive as long as he dragged the time on a little longer. He only needed to wait for the moment when the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Great Sage break through the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s secret art.

As such, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch strode forward fearlessly.

“Young Heavenly Lord? Heaven Trampling Monarch? Such prodigious titles. Have you ever received my approval for such a title?”

The Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch yelled and pulled his sword out of its scabbard. His dark-yellow sword qis were like huge rivers gazing at the cosmos, and they came bursting toward the two.

Yan Di remained where he stood and raised his right hand. He performed a grabbing gesture within the void. As if he had grabbed onto the hilt of a long saber, he pulled it out of the void.

A series of thunders resounded, causing a purple-radiance longsaber harnessed by lightning to appear within Yan Di’s hands.

Then, he lifted it above his head and slashed it downward, bringing about the momentum of a sky collapsing along with it!

The viciously savage and domineering saber-lights crossed paths with the dark-yellow sword qis.

In front of the billowing saber lights, that long river that seemed connected to the heavens was severed, along with the sword qis as well!

“Rascal!” The Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch was caught by surprise. His sword qis intertwined together, and he retracted the dark radiances which blotted the skies, concentrating it into a single pillar. Without caring about Yan Zhaoge and Gao Han any longer, he focused solely on dealing with Yan Di.

Yan Di continued striding forward fearlessly as he pushed the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch back with his even overbearing and domineering attacks.

Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch was enraged in his heart, “Within a mere few hundred years, how did so many annoying characters appear in the Three Clear Lineage?!”

He retracted his anger along with his contempt, and his gaze became calm and collected.

As he attacked again, flashes of brilliance started converging atop his head.

After the flashes of brilliance converged, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch’s Demonic qi surged frantically, his strength making him someone no one dared reckon with.

However, the opponent he was facing was Yan Di. With a howl, flashes of brilliance also appeared atop his head.

The instant the brilliance converged, the might of Yan Di’s saber continued growing as well. He continued parrying the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch’s sword qis and almost slashed away the sword-wielding hand of the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch snorted. Two signs of brilliance converged atop his head, raising his mind, qi, and senses to the utmost limit.

He ceased his reservation any longer. He suddenly took off his belt, along with his robes as well.

Stripping himself off his clothes, the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch lifted both his hands together, allowing the thousands of eyes scattered across his obliques to release yellow mists and gold radiances.

The eerie yellow mists gushed out from his obliques, seemingly forming clumps after clumps of clouds. The vibrant gold radiances shone so fiercely as if all five hundred pairs of eyes were burning.

The mists of brilliance engulfed toward Yan Di, seemingly confining the surrounding space, preventing Yan Di from moving any longer.

However, Yan Di merely glanced at him coldly and smiled as he said, “You have no say in our titles!”

Vibrant radiances were released from the brilliance atop his head. He lifted the purple saber of radiance and raised it above his head.

Then, it descended with a slash!

Creation Sabre, Extinguishing Heaven!

No matter how formidable the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch’s abilities were, the densely-packed yellow mists instantly became volatile as Yan Di’s saber might passed through.

Although the yellow mists were being replenished continually without end, as if there was no end to it, they continued to be eradicated by Yan Di’s attacks.

Both sides seemed to have entered a stalemate.

However, the hand Yan Di used to wield his sword was still as stable as ever. With a speed that the naked eye couldn’t notice, it was gradually descending!

The terrifying and domineering saber edge was also descending.

Getting closer and closer to the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch!

Facing Yan Di’s saber directly, he could feel the coldness and heat emitted from the long saber harnessed by lightning.

Perhaps its speed was plodding as if it wouldn’t reach its destination until a few months or even years later.

However, its progress was practically unobstructable. No one could hope to turn things around, hope to change its trajectory, or hope to disobey it.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch did all he could, but it only delayed the inevitable slightly.

What’s inevitable would ultimately arrive!

Just like the momentous progression of the world, as well as the changes in the creation, no force could ever hope to obstruct its path!