Chapter 1593 - Gathering Of Paragons

Chapter 1593 : Gathering of Paragons

Upon entering the Heavenly River’s water vein, what greeted them were the unending flows of the vast Heavenly River water.

These streams of water won’t ever freeze nor boil. Even when situated within the cosmos or beside the stars, the temperature of water won’t ever change. One couldn’t possibly use the methods of describing water to describe this.

The river flowed incessantly, eternally, and everlastingly. While it seemed normal, they bore immense weight.

There was the old saying, “Starry River [1] in the skies, Heavy River by the soil.”

According to the legends, before the Great Calamity, there was a river called the Heavy River. As its name implied, its river waters were of extreme mass. Even a drop alone carried tens of thousands of tonnes of weight.

The soil couldn’t support it, and it only flowed deep down the earth’s surface.

However, the water of the Starry River by the skies had a much larger mass than the Heavy River’s river waters.

Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been capable of supporting the stars, which seemed diminutive from afar, yet was of astronomical size.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were currently capable of obliterating a star. As such, they faced no difficulties in venturing within the Heavenly River.

However, when venturing within, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered slightly, and he started pondering on something.

Following the talisman’s guidance, their steps gradually got slower and slower, and they felt closer and closer to their target.

Finally, after separating from the river, they noticed that the center of the Heavenly River was empty as they looked into the distance.

At the empty part, stars distanced themselves away from the area while river waters flowed around it.

There, an unremarkable-looking ancient longsword was quietly hovering mid-air.

However, as long as any stars or water was about to close in, white threads of qis immediately arose from the sword. The qis were so faint that they seemed translucent, yet the white qis formed a natural domain, which obliterated all that got close to it.

One of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords – the Immortal Ending Sword!

Daoism’s Prime Clear lineage treasure in the past. After the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, it befell under the Jade Clear bigwig, the Lord of Daoist Way’s control. Since then, and even after the Great Calamity, no traces of it were to be seen.

The Lord of Daoist Way had already perished long ago. And today, this sword finally emerged within the world once again.

Upon seeing this sword, Yan Zhaoge and the others held their breath slightly.

Since they were already aware of this, they weren’t surprised at all. Instead, they were concerned about the unprecedented obstruction they would face later on.

The ancient sword of the legends, which was also the final key to their entire operation, lay before everyone’s eyes. Finally, the last of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords appeared in front of their eyes. Yan Zhaoge and the others felt an emotional surge within their hearts.

They all looked at each other, and nodded their heads, then strode forward together.

The Immortal Trapping Sword in Yan Zhaoge’s hand and the Immortal Extermination Sword in Gao Qingxuan’s hand quivered slightly.

The Immortal Ending Sword in front of them quivered slightly as well.

However, at that very moment, before Yan Zhaoge and the others approached any further, the surrounding phenomena underwent a drastic change!

Fear-evoking jade radiances were released from the Immortal Ending Sword.

The Heavenly River water vein they were situated in underwent transformations as well.

Talismans formed by rays of jade radiance suddenly appeared by the river and appeared by each and every single star present.

Basking in the jade radiances, the Immortal Ending Sword hovering by the river seemed to have turned ethereal and was about to vanish.

What replaced it was an ethereal and gigantic white jade door.

Its vast, lofty, and rigorous aura permeated, suppressing the thoughts of Yan Zhaoge and the others, preventing them from moving an inch.

“Immeasurable Heavenly Lord!” Everyone immediately became aware.

Outside the jade door, space became blurry.

While being in a trance state, Yan Zhaoge and the others felt that they entered the jade door unbeknownst to them.

The grandeur of a Dao Realm expert was currently in full display.

In fact, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord didn’t descend unto this Heavenly River personally. Only, through the preparations of the ritual and the Immortal Ending Sword he secretly refined, he managed to overturn yin and yang, using this chance to bring Yan Zhaoge and the others to his side.

However, Yan Zhaoge and the others were already prepared for this.

As the Heavenly River broke apart, the void vibrated, with one after another mighty existence descending unto this area.

There were existences blazing like flames, sharp as sword’s edge, surging forward like lightning, and dense as earth.

Being shone by the jade radiances in the Heavenly River, these marvelous phenomena faded away, presenting their true form.

The one standing in front had a tall figure and short hair, which deviated from this world’s norms. Every single hair of his stood up. His features were one of masculine and resoluteness, with powers of blaze flowing through his entire body.

The long-awaited Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang!

“Severe!” A muffled voice resounded. The short-haired man held his palm like a saber and performed downward-slashing motion mid-air.

Within the Heavenly River, rays of jade radiances seemed to have been severed away from their light source and started crumbling apart.

The jade door immediately stopped its action of capturing Yan Zhaoge and the others.

At the very same instant, a woman resembling a sharp sword sitting by a cliff of solitude approached their location. She had the deterrence only allowing one to admire from afar. It was the Incongruence Divine Mother who was dressed in white. She grabbed toward the seemingly ethereal Immortal Ending Sword that was about to vanish.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, who wore a crown, and the Earth Queen, who wore traditional clothing, also appeared.

The few active Daoism Heavenly Lords descended together!

However, the gigantic white jade door which trembled the cosmos interchanged from its illusory form into reality.

As its strength grew stronger and stronger, and its aura became clearer and clearer, it prevented the Incongruence Divine Mother from obtaining the sword.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord decided to descend upon this area!

At the same time, a superlunary voice resounded. The man who sat on a nine-colored lotus podium and wore the draping ten extremities crane hat – Bhikkhu Xuan Du also appeared by the Heavenly River’s domain.

He held an ancient qin by his hands, while only four strings remained by the qin.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du didn’t pluck the strings at all. Instead, while wielding the ancient qin, he stepped into the jade door!

At that moment, a seemingly invisible strength plucked the qin’s strings.

With a “pluck” sound effect, one of the qin’s strings broke!

The instant the string broke, a ray of radiance could be seen rising from the decrepit qin, forming a gigantic Early Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram, which froze the jade door’s process of transforming into reality.

The jade radiances within the cosmos seemed to have frozen as well.

The Immortal Ending Sword on the verge of disappearing was left behind at the same spot.

The Incongruence Divine Mother immediately extended her hand and took the sword.

At this moment, the Immortal Extermination Four Swords had finally returned to the Three Clear Lineage’s possession!

After entering the Incongruence Divine Mother’s hands, the Immortal Ending Sword continued trembling, with jade radiances circulating by the sword’s surface.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord once refined this sword. Right now, its actual owner was still the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

The Incongruence Divine Mother remained unfazed. While taking the Immortal Ending Sword, she took out another longsword.

The Green Duckweed Sword!

After the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure Grand Master transcended, this sword had fallen into the Incongruence Divine Mother’s hands. Back in the past, Gao Qingxuan and the other Roving Jade Sevens had used this sword’s vigor to establish the Roving Jade Heavens.

Unlike the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords, the Green Duckweed Sword was an exceptional weapon. Even the Incongruence divine Mother could hardly activate this artifact to fend off her foes.

However, this sword had its cabalistic effects. Upon taking it out, the Incongruence Divine Mother immediately placed it alongside the Immortal Ending Sword.

Being shone by the Green Duckweed Sword’s sword-lights, the jade radiances shining by the Immortal Ending Sword gradually dispersed!

“Fuxi’s decrepit qin.”

At that moment, a voice resounded by the cosmos. It was so obscure and ethereal that the gender of the voice couldn’t be determined. It seemed to have reverberated from the gigantic white jade door yet seemed to have resounded in everyone’s ears as well. The voice was calm and tranquil, with no undulating frequency heard from the voice.

“There are still three more strings.”

As the voice resounded, the frozen jade radiance was revitalized, while the Early Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram above the white jade door showed signs of fading.

The jade door gradually became clearer and clearer once more.

At the same time, all-encompassing chants of the Buddhist mantra resounded within the cosmos.

The Heavenly River was separated, with Buddha lights seeping within the opening. They shone boundlessly and endlessly as they descended upon this land as well.

[1] Chinese’s way of calling the Milky Way