Chapter 1599 - Who Art The True Charlatan, The White Lotus Or Thou?

Chapter 1599: Who Art the True Charlatan, the White Lotus or Thou?

Ascending to the Grand Heavenly Realm implied that all shall bend to their will, and all heavens shall bear no distance in between.

To those beneath the Grand Heavenly Realm, a Grand Heavenly Immortal was a ubiquitous-like existence.

However, if Grand Heavenly Immortals were to face each other, their marvelousness would diminish, preventing such marvelousness from being shown.

Of course, exceptions always exist in the world. For example, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, whose speed almost preceded all other Grand Heavenly Realms, allowing him to dominate the battlefield swiftly.

The reason for including the term “almost” in that sentence was due to Yang Jian’s performance in this battle.

At this moment, he became a ubiquitous-like existence even when facing others of the Grand Heavenly Realm as well, as if he existed within every corner of space.

When clashing against the tempest created by Yang Jian’s Great Wind Divine Bird, the Nine-Headed Bug saw a second and third Yang Jian appearing behind the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

Moreover, he could sense that someone had appeared behind him!

Upon realizing the imminent danger, the Nine-Headed Bug didn’t even bother looking back. He retracted his Nine Heavens Gales and quickly evaded aside.

Rather than evading the tempestuous gales, he was mainly evading the threat sensed from behind.

However, no matter how quick his reaction was, he still couldn’t evade the Three-Pointed Double-edged Saber coming from behind.

The ice-cold saber instantly decapitated one of the Nine-Headed Bug’s heads, rendering it into a state of sanguinary mess!

The Nine-Headed Bug was both appalled and enraged. While tumbling to his front, one of his heads looked behind and saw a fourth Yang Jian chuckling while looking at him.

On the other side, the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva had also faced the same situation and barely managed to escape death.

“I see, I see!”

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha currently clashing against Suo Mingzhang let out a sigh and hurled a small flag.

The instant the Dipankara Archaic Buddha took out the small flag, white qis immediately hovered mid-air, releasing gold radiances that encompassed their surroundings.

The flag fell, protecting the Victorious Fighting Buddha and the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva from Yang Jian’s attacks.

Upon seeing the flag, the experts of Daoism and the Demon Race voiced out in unison, “Green Lotus Treasured Flag!”

Green Lotus Treasured Flag was a treasure belonging to Amitabha. It was on par with the Primordial Heavenly Lord’s Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, the Western Kunlun Golden Mother of the Jade Pond’s Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, and the Lord of Dao and Virtue’s Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag. These were all top-notch treasures used for defense, whose fame was sky-high throughout history.

The moment the Green Lotus Treasured Flag appeared, Yang Jian’s attacks were unable to connect.

However, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and other Buddhist experts could not reach the Immortal Extermination Formation either, despite being protected by the flag.

Upon seeing the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, Yang Jian chuckled, and his pores trembled once again, causing his bloody vigor to boil.

This time, it didn’t manifest a projection. Instead, Yang Jian’s figure underwent a transformation.

His size grew taller and taller, while his skin color gradually turned sallow. Then, tranquil and translucent radiances were emitted from his skin.

Others’ expressions turned weird when looking at his appearance.

Currently, Yang Jian had transformed into a Golden Body Buddha, becoming a towering figure with a lofty height.

As Buddha lights circulated, his ataraxy demeanor manifested itself. His intelligence seemed to have achieved completion, and the unbounded constraints of the universe he had attained. Flowers fell from the skies, fragrance permeated through the air, and chantings could also be heard.

Then, this Buddha extended and flipped his palm, intended to press the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, and the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva beneath his palm.

This action of his didn’t harm anyone. Instead, using his palm, he created an entirely different world.

With the Land of Buddhism in hand, all flowers shall bloom to heed my sight.

As golden lotuses bloomed, they wreathed around Green Lotus Treasured Flag and those under its protection, not allowing anyone to pass through and not allowing anyone to close into the Immortal Extermination Formation.

“In betwixt the White Lotus heretics and thou, who art the true charlatan?” The Victorious Fighting Buddha remained unfazed and was currently chuckling.

Yang Jian smiled but did not answer. While hindering them, he flipped his palm backward and shifted his attack toward the Demon Race!

“Allow me to face you!” Yuan Hong’s figure enlarged explosively, his figure becoming as tall as the skies. His size allowed him to confront Yang Jian directly.

The Land of Buddhism within Yang Jian’s palm continued obstructing the Buddhists, but the gigantic Buddha transformed into a projection.

Yang Jian’s figure appeared once again, and he looked at Yuan Hong with mild surprise.

He and Yuan Hong were considered as former rivals. During the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, the two had already been fighting each other. It was much earlier than his fight against the Great Sage Equalling Heavens and him hurting the Nine-Headed Bug.

Yuan Hong had an outstanding talent, which also allowed him to undergo transformation as well. However, right now, he decided to brawl against Yang Jian with his true form.

This was all because Yuan Hong was aware of how much Yang Jian had improved throughout the past centuries. Fighting against him using capabilities of transformation would yield no chance of victory.

Hence, Yuan Hong decided to utilize all innate specialties granted him and go for an all-out brawl.

Yang Jian thought for a moment and immediately understood Yuan Hong’s thoughts.

Without evading, he clashed straight against Yuan Hong!

“Boom! Boom! Boom!“

Yang Jian, who seemed to have transformed into a human-shaped tyrannical ape, was brawling against a true towering ape. Fists were launched, and legs were kicked as if a primitive battle was happening instead.

While lifting his arms to block the senile white ape’s claws, Yang Jian lowered his shoulder and bashed toward the white ape’s armpits and chest area!

Like a towering mountain that was knocked down, a shocking roar filled with rage was released from Yuan Hong’s mouth as his figure tumbled backward.

The Great Demon was a truly ruthless figure. Using his other claw, he struck toward Yang Jian.

However, the powers of Yang Jian’s Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts converged within himself. By lifting his shoulder, he forcefully withstood Yuan Hong’s strike, while his body only quivered slightly. He wasn’t pushed back even a single step!

After the Great Calamity, Yang Jian, who secluded himself from the world, finally displayed his mightiness again, making the others present rekindle the dormant memory lying deep within their minds.

“As expected of the one dubbed as the Profuse Heavens’ God of War. Even if you were thrown into the Nine Underworlds, you could subdue the Extinct Devils and press their heads to the ground, right?” Yan Zhaoge widened his grin, “An almighty fighting machine that could ignore terrain advantage and their opponents’ specialties!”

While the Buddhist Bhantes were hindered in their tracks, the Demon Race wasn’t having a good time either.

The three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage appeared in front of them.

The instant he looked at the Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, the Drake-Headed Immortal immediately felt a jolt of pain from the leg that was rendered crippled by that weapon.

Moreover, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage could amalgamate together to form the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form!

The Demon Race Great Sages deeply resented Traveling Monk Sun.

However, when facing the Great Sage Equalling Heavens who challenged the Heavenly Court on his own, the Demons only sensed fear and deterrence!

Yan Zhaoge extended his finger forward, causing a Grand Commencement Early Heavens Prana to fly out, separating into three Clear Qis, which landed onto the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage.

The Yellow Wind Demon stood up once again and widened three of his mouths. Then, he blew.

Wherever the Samadhi Celestial Winds passed through, Yan Zhaoge’s Clear Qis were blown away, unable to reach the Golden Body of the Great Sage. At the same time, the three gigantic apes were lifted off their feet, and their eyes were unable to open.

Just as the group of Demons let out a sigh of relief, the Yellow Wind Demon was suddenly on full alert, and a chill ran through his entire body!

Above him, space suddenly transformed into an abyss of chaos.

A jet-black saber radiance came falling from the abyss without warning and without premonition.

Even the surrounding Demon Race Great Sages were unaware of it.

Just as everyone was finally made aware, the saber-light which obliterated creation had already slashed toward the Yellow Wind Demon’s head!

With him being the saber-light’s target, the Yellow Wind Demon was the very first to sense the killing intent filled with imminent doom.

He didn’t know if he could evade this attack or not and could only try his best doing so.

At the same time, he couldn’t be bothered with the three Demonic monkeys anymore and was about to protect himself using the Samadhi Celestial Winds.

The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was just beside. As long as he blocked for an instant, reinforcements would arrive!

However, a small bell resounded within the void.

As the chimes spread, the Yellow Wind Demon was left immobilized.

“Hah!”

As the saber-light descended, his head instantly separated from his body!