Chapter 1594 - Immortal Extermination Formation Against Nine Bends Yellow River Formation!

Chapter 1594 : Immortal Extermination Formation Against Nine Bends Yellow River Formation!

As the chants of mantra blared and Buddha lights shone across the universe, one green lotus after another arrived at the Heavenly River.

Atop the green lotus sat the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, the Buddha of Sandalwood Merit, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, and various other Buddhist experts.

Besides the Buddhist experts who were previously pursuing the Awakened Sky Cosmos, some Buddhist Bhantes in the previous battlefield involving the Demon Race were also present in this battle.

“It’s truly the Qin of Fuxi. Did Daoist Lu Ya trade it with ye all?” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha looked at the ancient qin held by Bhikkhu Xuan Du, “There are still three more strings…”

It was the Qin of Fuxi. According to legends, the Fuxi Sovereign, who was listed among the Ancient Three Sovereigns: the Nuwa Sovereign and the Eastern Sovereign, had brought this qin along with her at all times during the Ancient era. Unfortunately, it suffered from significant damage at that time, and its whereabouts became unknown after the Ancient era.

Now, it finally appeared in the world once again, yet it was so decrepit that only four strings remained.

No matter if it was Dao Monarch Lu Ya or Bhikkhu Xuan Du, they were both unable to maneuver the Qin of Fuxi to defend automatically.

However, when withstanding the pressure of the Dao Realm, it would instantly take effect, hindering the Dao Ancestor’s might for a short period.

However, after using it once, one string would snap apart.

Until it was exhausted completely.

Currently, Bhikkhu Xuan Du used this qin to temporarily obstruct the descent of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, aiding the Incongruence Divine Mother in obtaining the Immortal Ending Sword.

However, the Earlier Heavens Eight Trigram Diagram disintegrated fairly quickly and only took effect for a short while.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord continued his actions. The radiances emitted from the white jade door flickered, and a second string of the Qin of Fuxi started quivering.

However, at that moment, the jade door suddenly underwent a violent tremble.

As if the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was interrupted at the opposite side.

“Thank goodness!” Yan Zhaoge, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and the others let out a sigh of relief.

The one interrupting the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord could be the Future Buddha!

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord intended to stop pestering the Future Buddha and relinquish the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, allowing the Future Buddha to refine it. As for him, he would personally descend upon this realm and capture Yan Zhaoge and the others along with the Immortal Extermination Four Swords.

However, after being made aware of his intentions, the Future Buddha temporarily halted the process of refining the Humanly Essence Stone fragment and instead attacked the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, preventing him from escaping!

Their previous tables had been turned over.

The reason why Yan Zhaoge and Yang Jian purposely leaked the information of the Immortal Ending Sword possibly being in the Immortal Court to the Demon Race and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was precisely for this.

The Demon Race and the White Lotus’s Blessed Lands naturally coveted after the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Due to the Immortal Ending Sword, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had his advantage. Hence, the Future Buddha would never allow him to achieve his goals.

The two heretic Dao Ancestors started another exchange of blows.

Of course, this doesn’t imply that the Future Buddha or the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi were assisting orthodox Daoism. They merely cared for their factions.

Without even using his brain, Yan Zhaoge could already guess that the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and other Buddhist bigwigs aside, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and other Demon Race Great Sages should’ve arrived as well!

The previous war involving the two heretic factions became more intense than ever.

In this battle, paragons were gathered from all around the universe, and experts were practically scattered about.

However, maintaining this battle beneath the Dao Realm was already an extremely fortunate outcome to orthodox Daoism. They couldn’t possibly hope for a more favorable circumstance.

Even so, they would be facing the besiegement of experts from other factions.

In fact, other Dao Ancestors could even come to a truce and choose to attack them instead.

In this battle, victory would imply a transcendence and a new sky of possibilities opening up to them.

If they lost, they might be annihilated thoroughly, causing orthodox Daoism to decline to ruination.

Yan Zhaoge and the others were united as one and were fighting for the sake of their future!

The North Ocean Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan harnessed their Golden Bodies of the Great Sage together, causing Demonic qis to skyrocket.

Suo Mingzhang, Yan Di, and the others automatically went up against the Western Buddhas.

However, at the same time, countless formation patterns surged within the Heavenly River they were situated within, with radiances flickering from all of them.

The originally crystal-clear river turned into the color of dark yellow, with black gusts of winds whirling about.

Nine Bends Yellow River Formation!

Someone of the Immortal Court didn’t show himself, as the Buddhist Bhantes of the Western Pure Lands did. Instead, the Percussion Heavenly Lord stood a fair distance away atop a star and didn’t approach any further.

His figure faded along with the black winds and yellow river.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord originally created the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation here. Only, since the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord couldn’t descend, the Percussion Heavenly Lord had to operate the formation himself.

Even so, Yan Zhaoge and the others were already under pressure.

Having an opponent of the Grand Heavenly Realm, they had to maintain their utmost cautiousness.

While the Percussion Heavenly Lord didn’t have the Chaotic Origin Golden Cup, the Secluded Immortal Mantra and Immortal Bewitching Pill in which a Dao Ancestor refined made everyone captivated by the black winds.

“Karma is truly a never-ending cycle.” Yan Zhaoge laughed in a self-mockery manner, yet no hints of fear were to be seen.

The Incongruence Divine Mother’s expression remained unfazed as well. Being the only Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortal who didn’t take action at all, she was tasked with a much more important duty. With the aid of the Green Duckweed Sword, she speedily cleansed the traces left behind by the Immeasurable Heaven Lord on the Immortal Ending Sword.

She flung her hand and handed the Immortal Slaughtering Sword over to Yan Zhaoge and Gao Qingxuan.

This time, Yan Zhaoge and the others had truly gone all out. Risking the danger of handing all four swords to their enemies, they brought along the three other swords.

Gao Qingxuan and her clone were both present.

Yan Zhaoge immediately started laying down the Immortal Extermination Formation.

As one who attained Five Qis Unifications, he utilized his proficiency in formations to lay down the formation together with Gao Qingxuan and her clone.

While the current formation wasn’t completed yet, its mightiness wasn’t something one should take light against.

After the Incongruence Divine Mother successfully refined the Immortal Ending Sword, and all four swords were fully collected, the Immortal Extermination Sword would be complete, and the tides would turn in their favor.

Gold radiances billowed, with menacing sword intent blotting the cosmos.

Illusory sword-lights harnessed four doors, which were placed in four different directions.

The Immortal Extermination Sword, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, and the Immortal Trapping Sword were hovering atop three separate doors. As for the fourth door, white radiances converged atop, representing the illusory form of the Immortal Ending Sword.

As the Immortal Extermination Formation was erected, menacing qis capable of obliterating the world clashed incessantly against the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation harnessed by the surrounding Heavenly River.

The two grand formations whose names caused havoc for countless eras were laid down in the same place, forming a rare clash between the two.

One was laid down by a Dao Ancestor, yet said person wasn’t present; The other incited countless carnage, yet a part of it was missing.

While the Immortal Extermination Formation belonged to the latter, yet this formation known for begetting carnage was far too vicious. Gold radiances and yellow mists arose, which clashed against the black winds and yellow rivers incessantly.

The Nine Bends Yellow River Formation interrupted the Immortal Extermination Formation, holding back its developments. The four doors undulated and were still stuck in an unstable state of the plane. The ancient swords hovering atop the doors were also shaking, barely capable of unleashing their might.

Similarly, the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation’s strength was washed away by the Immortal Extermination Formation, rendering its effects useless. Black winds blew continually, while the dark-yellow river remained undulated as well.

At that moment, the two sides brawled against each other, causing unrest within the entire Heavenly River, as if a wrathful dragon was venting its rage within the void’s boundless outskirts.

While all Immortal Extermination Four Swords had befallen into the hands of the orthodox Daoism, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and other Buddhist bigwigs showed neither sorrow nor fear. Instead, they rushed toward the Immortal Extermination Formation, whose might couldn’t be harnessed at all.

The group of Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortals stood their ground and went up against the Buddhists.

The Golden Body of the Great Sage, harnessed by Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone, took the lead and lifted his Ru Yi Golden Cudgel, slamming toward the Victorious Fighting Buddha!

Right now, time was what the two sides were fighting for.

A chaotic battle instantly ensued within the Heavenly River!