Chapter 1591 - Special Treasure

Chapter 1591 : Special Treasure

A series of thunder exploded. As the lightning billowed, not only did they engulf the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, they were even hurled toward the Nine-Headed Bug, forcing the Nine-Headed Bug to give up on attacking Yan Zhaoge temporarily.

However, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva wasn’t in a hurry. Instead, he contemplated as he stared at the Immortal Extermination Sword wielded by Yan Zhaoge.

The green radiances flowing around the Immortal Extermination Sword permeated with a dreadful silence of imminent doom and could break through the myriad of laws.

However, while it struck awe into others, it could easily alert other existences of the higher realm as well.

As winds howled throughout the cosmos, the lightning screen created by the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s Grand Illusory Spatial Lightning suddenly destabilized, as if an external pressure was suddenly exerted onto its exterior surface.

“A Dao Ancestor was alerted.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and the Nine-Headed Bug were aware of what had just occurred.

A Dao Ancestor did not descend personally, but his attention had already been shifted to this side.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s secret technique could obstruct the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Bug from transmitting information to the outside. However, the instant a Dao Ancestor took action, they would be left with no place to retreat.

Under such a situation, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had to flee as fast as possible.

Yan Zhaoge was also incapable of operating the Immortal Extermination Sword any longer. While it was an artifact, its current owner – Yan Zhaoge, had yet to ascend to the Grand Heavenly Realm.

However, today’s situation was unique. No one could predict which Dao Ancestor would act with deviation to the norm.

Yan Zhaoge, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and the others immediately forced their foes back and started departing from the present universe.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Bug immediately switched from defense to offense.

Currently, the Nine-Headed Bug’s rage had been curbed. After calming down, he only hoped to hold Yan Zhaoge and the others back and stall time for what’s about to arrive next.

Among opponents of the same realm, their escape chances were extremely high if one side focused solely on retreating.

However, their methods of retreating differed from one another.

Without a speed advantage like the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, Yan Zhaoge, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and the others won’t have an easy time retreating, especially with the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Bug’s interruption.

With this momentary delay, their escape won’t be guaranteed any longer if others were to arrive.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Bug were well aware of this fact. As such, they continued holding their foes back and emphasized Yan Zhaoge and the Immortal Extermination Sword.

However, at that moment, the lightning screen shattered with a dense yet vigorous strength exuding from within.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s Buddha lights and the Nine-Headed Bug’s wind gales clashed against the ocher and dense radiance. The Buddhist and Demon both frowned, “Earth Queen!”

Boundless soil seemed to have enveloped the surrounding, obstructing the foes chasing after Yan Zhaoge and the others.

Thunder resounded from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s side. As his lightning struck onto the soil, countless towering trees suddenly grew fanatically by the soil.

In an instant, a massive forest suddenly appeared within the vast cosmos.

The vast area covered by the forest seemed to have filled up the entire cosmos, and each and every single tree was tall beyond belief. Each of them was like the pillars which supported the skies.

The luxuriant branches were like cages, which entrapped Grand Heavenly Realm experts like the Nine-Headed Bug and the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva within.

In the next instant, violent gales came cutting through the towering trees like sharp blades.

The dazzling Buddha lights also shone through the dark areas overshadowed by the trees above and even continued expanding outward, pushing the surrounding forest away.

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and the Nine-Headed Bug easily break out of imprisonment.

However, the silhouettes of Yan Zhaoge, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and the others were already long gone.

The Sarvanivaranaviskambhin Bodhisattva held the Ear Digging Buddha’s corpse. On the other hand, the Pouch Sac Arhat, whose Golden Body’s radiance was dwindling faintly, stood beside him. They both let out a sigh.

The Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch was baffled, and his expression turned extremely grim.

The Nine-Headed Bug reverted to his human form, his expression even grimmer than the Hundred Eyed Demon Lord, “Earth Queen…”

The Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva’s expression was still reasonably calm. Only, when looking at the Ear Digging Buddha’s corpse, his face was filled with sorrow.

A silhouette was vaguely looming within the shadows.

After a short while, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha and the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles appeared within the universe along with their group of Buddhist and Great Demon experts.

“Daoist Earth provided aid, and we weren’t able to keep them here,” said the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s expression remained unfazed, “So, Daoist Earth joined the fray. I wonder if Daoist Xuan Du would participate in this as well?”

He said softly, “It was the Jade Illusory Palace last time. Could this time be the Roving Jade Palace?”

“Using this opportunity to locate the Roving Jade Palace?” said the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles coldly.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha pondered, “If we’re talking about a Prime Clear lineage treasure, then there’s a special one that stands out…”

Albeit being controversial, its uniqueness seemed to be on par with the Immortal Extermination Formation.

The Six Souls Banner.

Back in the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, after the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure lost the Immortal Extermination Formation, he refined yet another treasure and bequeathed the name Six Souls Banner. The names of the Primordial Heavenly Lord, the Lord of Dao and Virtue, the Guide, Daoist Zhunti, and two other names were all inscribed by the banner. Moreover, they were all key figures during the war.

After the Myriad Immortal Formation was destroyed, the Lord of Numinous Treasure intended to activate the Six Souls Banner when facing the besiegement of other Dao Ancestors.

However, the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal ordered to protect the Six Souls Banner defied his master’s orders and hid the Six Souls Banner amidst the chaos, hence making it play no part in the war.

After the Myriad Immortal Formation war ended, the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal went to meet the other Dao Ancestors along with the Six Souls Banner.

Among all the six names by the Six Souls Banner, there were two who couldn’t withstand this treasure’s strength. As such, other Dao Ancestors cleared their name off the banner.

Then, the other four Dao Ancestors harnessed their abilities and received a direct hit from the Six Souls Banner, allowing them to remain unscathed in the end, which perplexed the public.

After depleting the Six Souls Banner’s strength, the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue was originally the one wielding it. However, after the Three Clears transcended together, the Six Souls Banner was returned to the Prime Clear and was placed back within the Roving Jade Palace.

Only after the Roving Jade Palace disappeared without a trace, whether the Six Souls Banner still existed or not became an unanswered question.

This treasure was an extremely special one. Its creation was to aid the Lord of Numinous Treasures to turn the tides into his favor, which he refined explicitly to deal with other Dao Ancestors.

Later, it was proven that his wishful thinking ended up not working.

However, there were still some controversies surrounding this banner.

For example, after clearing away two names, was the banner still in its complete form, or did its strength achieve what the Lord of Numinous Treasure anticipated it to have?

Moreover, did the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal praying to the Six Souls Banner hold the same effect as the Lord of Numinous Treasures of the Dao Realm?

Of course, there were also controversies surrounding why the Lord of Numinous Treasures didn’t use this banner personally and passed it to the Long Ears Dingguang Immortal.

The power of the Six Souls Banner became quite a mystery during the Ancient era.

However, this treasure was indeed exceptional.

It was so unique that the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and the others could go along with the flow and pretend to investigate it with full attention. With their forces diverted away and their energy thinned out, Yan Zhaoge’s group could conveniently “neglect” the Immortal Ending Sword’s side.

Compared to the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, the Six Souls Banner was undoubtedly far more convincing.

“The Roving Jade Palace should be the same as the Jade Illusory Palace, right? Shouldn’t they have been emptied already?” asked the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha answered, “Someone else will know more about this matter.”

He looked toward the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and other Great Demons.

The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles frowned and told the Demon Race Small Saint beside him, “Contact the central Blessed Lands of Saha, and ask the Dingguang Joyous Buddha.”