Chapter 1596 - Heaven Severing Against Sea Suppression!

Chapter 1596 : Heaven Severing Against Sea Suppression!

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha retained his calm expression and shifted his gaze from Bhikkhu Xuan Du onto Suo Mingzhang.

“Pleased to meet you.” Before the Dipankara Archaic Buddha even said anything, Suo Mingzhang spoke first in a simple manner.

Then, a blazing fist was instantly launched toward that millennium-old Buddha!

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha extended his palm and blocked Suo Mingzhang’s fist.

As the two clashed against each other, a dense sensation permeated through their surroundings, distorting the cosmic space around them.

While the Heavenly River was only severed once, it still carried an extremely dense weight alongside. Countless stars flowed within the river and started undulating from the water surface.

However, the exchange of blows between Suo Mingzhang and the Dipankara Archaic Buddha caused the cosmic river to tremble.

The waters were originally dark-yellow color due to the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation’s influence. Yet, for a fleeting moment, the part of the river, which they fought at, became crystal clear.

From the outside of the Heavenly River, the silhouette of the river resembling a furious dragon could be seen trembling all over. As its torso started bending violently, something seemed to be severing its insides from within.

While the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation was disrupted by the Immortal Extermination Formation, which severely limited its transformations, the strength within was still extremely terrifying.

As the two Grand Heavenly Realm experts clashed against each other, the formation was almost destroyed.

“Youths are truly terrifying,” said the Dipankara Archaic Buddha. Amidst the complete form of Buddha light hanging behind his head, a lamp of eternal luminance appeared.

As the candlelights swayed, two other lamps appeared beside the lamp.

One purple, one golden, and one grey. The three lamps were lined up together by the complete form of Buddha light behind the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s head.

Among them, the golden lamp shone brighter and brighter, causing its flares to brighten the entire universe.

Radiances shone through the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s entire body, his brilliance shining brighter than the Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

Under the Buddha light’s luminance, a tongue of flame could be seen blazing. Its gold embers blotted the entire skies and encompassed the entire cosmos.

The palm Dipankara Archaic Buddha used to grab Suo Mingzhang’s fist became stronger and denser!

Waves of flares surged from all directions, blasting straight toward Suo Mingzhang together.

As the waves of flares advanced, they scorched the skies and burned the grounds into cinders. Even the crimson red flames burning around Suo Mingzhang were set on fire by these gold embers, making him seem like he was being burned.

Suo Mingzhang remained fearless, and the profundities of the Heavens Severing Scripture were displayed at this instant.

An invisible barrier that allowed nothing to pass through seemed to have been erected around him.

The boundless flames permeating through the universe disappeared without a trace after nearing Suo Mingzhang.

There wasn’t any intense collision, nor did the might decline. Instead, everything was stopped instantly, rendered into a state of nothingness.

As if the entire world was forcefully split into two, with one side storming with torrential rain and the other blowing with the breeze of spring.

Suo Mingzhang raised his left hand and formed a fist as well.

With this action of his, the stars initially buried within the Heavenly River rushed out from within!

Then, as Suo Ming Zhang pushed his fist forward, countless stars converged together, transforming into a destructive source of torrent shooting toward the Dipankara Archaic Buddha!

The solar flares released from the countless stars present were compressed, collapsed, expanded, and exploded. They forcefully tore open a path within the sea of pure-gold radiances and headed straight for the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

The archaic Buddha raised his palm and pushed forward.

However, the solar flares exploded at that instant, as if countless stars had encompassed the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s surroundings.

The stars poured down like rain. Suo Mingzhang hid his left palm behind his back, making their general directions unknown.

The lamp with purple embers shone brighter from the complete form of Buddha light behind the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s head.

In his eyes, purple flames were prancing about. They outlined all sorts of karma existing within the world and instantly inferred countless scenes.

All myriad beings seemed to have connected in the threads of purple flame. With a thread of thought, they were displayed in front of the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

However, as the purple thread of flames expanded till a certain area, they were suddenly severed apart!

The invisible barrier appeared once again, severing the purple threads of flames for no reason.

Suo Mingzhang’s left palm remained untrackable. Torrential rain of stars continued descending, hitting toward the Dipankara Archaic Buddha.

The archaic Buddha shook his head and retreated behind.

However, Suo Mingzhang’s right palm, which he previously threw out, underwent transformations once again.

The dazzling solar flares emitted from the stars disappeared at that moment, making the cosmos desolate and frigid.

Within this terrifying cosmos, only the Dipankara Archaic Buddha seemed to remain within.

Within the frigid void, all heat sources disappeared, not allowing any new beings or objects to be born. Like a grave of eternity which buried everything, even any source of hope had been severed, ceasing to exist within this dimension.

This wasn’t the devouring force coming from a collapsing back hole. However, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha felt as if he was trapped within, unable to further away from this suction force.

The dark boundless void was unending, while its boundaries were continuously expanding further and further. As for him, he seemed to be getting further and further away from the frigid boundaries.

As if he was escaping from the center of darkness, only to venture deeper and deeper within.

The Dipankara Archaic Buddha frowned and decided to stop attempting his retreat any longer.

The golden flares within his Buddha light shone with utmost brilliance and were instantly elevated to their most potent state.

Boundless and endless Buddha lights infused with gold radiances encompassed the surrounding. As they continued expanding, they filled up the entire dark and empty cosmos.

Heat finally returned to the void. However, very quickly, the gold radiances were severed away once again.

Suo Mingzhang’s left fist finally reappeared once more!

Moreover, it had already closed in onto the Dipankara Archaic Buddha!

The intricate powers of the Heaven Severing Scripture weren’t used just for defending. There was no place that Suo Mingzhang’s left fist couldn’t reach by utilizing its offensive capacity. All layers of defenses surrounding the Dipankara Archaic buddha were disintegrated one after another.

As Suo Mingzhang’s fist approached, the strong and mighty Golden Body of antiquity seemed to have lost its luster. Like a clay doll, it became feeble and frail.

“Cultivating the primordial inversely, truly an anomaly…” The Dipankara Archaic Buddha quietly stared at Suo Mingzhang.

Five-colored flashes of brilliance whose luster was blinding to the eyes suddenly appeared atop his head, evoking one’s sense of captivation.

A strength dense beyond belief suddenly appeared. Not only did it oppress the real world, it even oppressed one’s soul, numbing one’s senses till the point of being unable to move.

Under Suo Mingzhang’s Heaven Severing techniques, one pearl after another could be seen hovering atop the Dipankara Archaic Buddha’s head, which all came descending together.

Some pearls landed on Suo Mingzhang’s arm, some prevented his left fist from advancing, while some came crashing toward him.

A single pearl was like a layer of heaven or an entire cosmos.

A treasured artifact – the Sea Suppressing Pearl!

If there were only one, Suo Mingzhang would have paid no attention to it.

However, with all twenty-four Sea Suppressing Pearls crashing down, their might was seemingly capable of overwhelming the great thousand universes.

When brawling against the Immortal Extermination Formation, the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation could not unleash its full strength. Now, even the Heavenly River was suppressed by the Sea Suppressing Pearls, seemingly on the verge of breaking apart.

Suo Mingzhang halted his steps and unleashed his fists, breaking apart one Sea Suppressing Pearl after another.

Using this opportunity, the Dipankara Archaic Buddha quickly retreated.

Within the battlefield, everyone else was also looking at their battle.

A century had passed since the continuous battle against the Wood Devil, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, and the Vajrapramardi Buddha. During that century, Suo Mingzhang barely showed himself.

After laying low for so long, his current performance managed to set the Thames on fire once more. While facing head-on against the Dipankara Archaic Buddha, Suo Mingzhang appalled the world once again with his prowess.