Chapter 415: That Instant Of The Heart

HSSB415: That instant of the heart

Han Long’er’s words that contained no malicious intentions instead caused the expressions on the faces of everyone else to change slightly.

Xu Fei looked a little worriedly at Yan Zhaoge. While Ying Longtu didn’t understand the situation, he knew that Yan Zhaoge had once had a lover, Lin Yushao.

However, three years ago, Lin Yushao had unfortunately died in the Eastern Tang at the hands of Ye Jing.

Ah Hu scratched his head, also directing his gaze at Yan Zhaoge as he didn’t know what Yan Zhaoge might be feeling now.

Upon hearing those words, Feng Yunsheng’s heart jolted slightly. While Lin Yushao had already died before she had entered the clan, she had also heard her fellow disciples mention the relationship between her and Yan Zhaoge before.

Yan Zhaoge was instead momentarily stunned by this sudden question of Han Long’er’s that had totally caught him off guard.

He was not stunned due to Lin Yushao. While he felt regret at such a young life having met its end prematurely, it would be a complete lie if he said that he had deep feelings for someone who only existed within his memories, whom he had never personally seen or even said a single word to before.

Regarding such relationships of the heart, Yan Zhaoge believed in letting things run their course.

If a beauty flung herself into his arms, he would not reject her. Still, at this current moment, his thoughts was mainly on increasing his personal strength as well as pushing the clan to develop further. Therefore, he had not personally thought about such things.

Still, there was one exception.

For just a single moment, his heart had fluttered, being attracted as a thought had overtaken him.

That was when Feng Yunsheng had asked to try out the torture of the Cold Marrow Needles. For just that moment, looking at that bright and steadfast girl, Yan Zhaoge’s mind had momentarily wavered somewhat.

For just that moment, what Yan Zhaoge had thought about had not been the importance of the Extreme Yin Crown, the current global situation of the Eight Extremities World or the antagonism between his Broad Creed Mountain and the Sacred Sun Clan.

He had purely wanted to help the girl before him to put on that crown as she wished, reaching the heights in her life that she had always been aiming for.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered as he almost looked unconsciously at the person herself. Still, he caught himself before he could do that, his expression as per usual.

“Such things are to be left to fate; they’re not something in which one can give an accurate timeframe. Still, our Han Long’er, why are you suddenly so interested in the matter of getting a wife?”

Recovering from his slight reverie, Yan Zhaoge smiled at Ying Longtu, “You’ve indeed grown up ah. Is Han Long’er thinking about getting a wife now? Which house’s girl is so fortunate?”

Ying Longtu blinked, looking around rather blankly.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head as he could not help but laugh.

Seeing this, Xu Fei sighed in relief, thinking that due to the passing of time, Yan Zhaoge had already successfully walked out from under the shadow of Lin Yushao’s death.

While Yan Zhaoge had no such relations with the deceased Lin Yushao, in the eyes of many, they had once been a pair of lovers.

Lin Yushao had been killed by Ye Jing, and Ye Jing having been personally slain by Yan Zhaoge afterwards without even a full corpse left behind was interpreted as some by as his vengeance.

For things to appear normal, Yan Zhaoge usually went along with this impression as well.

As one of his fellow disciples with whom he was the closest, Xu Fei had always paid close attention to Yan Zhaoge’s situation, worrying that he might not be able to walk out of such negative emotions.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s current appearance that didn’t look to be forced, Xu Fei could finally set his mind at ease.

Ah Hu imitated Yan Zhaoge’s habit of stroking his lower chin as he was actually thinking secretly, “Still, after Miss Lin died, Young Master has been single these past three years. This can’t go on ah.”

“If a Mistress can be married over sooner, a child being born, Family Head will definitely be very happy at becoming a grandfather.”

As he thought about this, Ah Hu watched Feng Yunsheng secretly as he asked, “I wonder what intentions Young Master has. Is it this one here, Miss Sikong or someone else?”

Feng Yunsheng had initially been looking at Yan Zhaoge whilst rather out of sorts. Feeling Ah Hu’s gaze now, she turned to look at him.

Ah Hu touched the back of his head, laughing in a silly manner.

Feeling rather exasperated yet also somewhat amused, Feng Yunsheng shook her head.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze quickly slid past Feng Yunsheng’s intricate side profile as he smiled.

The group conversed happily as they headed south over the territory of the Lake Domain.

On their journey, Yan Zhaoge and the others naturally couldn’t only be focusing on whether Ying Longtu was thinking about getting a wife. Instead, they made use of this chance to pass down their teachings, telling Ying Longtu many things that could not be learnt back in the clan.

These were all required knowledge for one solitarily roaming the outside world for tempering.

While Ying Longtu was greatly talented, his cultivation base and strength already having surpassed many at such a young age, his mind was overly simple and pure.

Accompanied by his growth and the meticulous guidance of the seniors of the clan, Ying Longtu’s intelligence had gradually expanded. While he still appeared clumsy and ignorant on some things, he was already gradually gaining the ability to be independent.

It was just that he still appeared a little dumb as compared to others of the same age.

As a martial practitioner, his personal strength was indeed important, but if his mind was not completely matured, his character being too straightforward and honest, he would inevitably lose out in some way or another.

Therefore, amidst their journeying, in comparison to Ying Longtu’s diligent cultivation in the Big Dipper Sword, Yan Zhaoge and the others focused more on imparting him various knowledge as well as experience.

Generally speaking, those of the six great Sacred Grounds who had already reached the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm or higher would not lightly step into one another’s territory.

If they had no good reason for doing so and had also not informed the other party beforehand, it would easily be seen as a provocation.

While Yan Zhaoge was currently still an Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster, his position and status was different from the ordinary person.

Therefore, having arrived in the Lake Domain, according to formality, he had to inform Turbid Wave Pavilion of his arrival as well as personally pay a visit to them.

As Yan Zhaoge’s group arrived at Turbid Wave Pavilion’s doorstep, with the Pavilion Lord An Qinglin still yet to leave seclusion, it was another peak longtime Elder of theirs who came out to receive them.

After a short visit, Yan Zhaoge and the others parted from Turbid Wave Pavilion, heading to the Marsh of Illusory Sea.

While Turbid Wave Pavilion maintained a neutral stance in the conflict between the other Sacred Grounds, its relationship with the other Sacred Grounds was still pretty good. Now, they dispatched some of their disciples as guides for Yan Zhaoge’s party, sending them into the Marsh of Illusory Sea.

As one of the six great danger grounds of the Eight Extremities World, the Marsh of Illusory Sea fell not even completely under the control of Turbid Wave Pavilion that governed the Lake Domain. Still, Turbid Wave Pavilion’s understanding of this place was undoubtedly the deepest.

“I’ve been to the Great Western Desert before, and the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains as well. I’ve been to the outskirts of Hell, and now here I am entering the Marsh of Illusory Sea,” Yan Zhaoge clicked his tongue in admiration, “Of the six great danger grounds, there are now only the far ocean beyond the seas and the Southern Underground Palace that I have not personally visited.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “While they’re all not the coremost regions, you can indeed be considered as having been to all of them before, undergoing great perils.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “In my father’s words, good people don’t live long, calamities endure a thousand years.”

He swivelled his head to look at Feng Yunsheng, “Right, I remember you saying that in the past, under the protection of seniors of your clan, you once entered the Southern Underground Palace as well? In that case, you’ve actually visited all the other four danger grounds apart from the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains and the far ocean beyond the seas.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled, “Like you said, calamities endure a thousand years.”

Xu Fei laughed, “Is this the two of you extolling each other?”

Yan Zhaoge blinked towards him, “Actually, I am extolling you, senior apprentice-brother Xu. After all, amongst us here, only you have been to this Marsh of Illusory Sea before. Now is the time for the old horse to demonstrate how he knows the way.”