Chapter 434: When Yan Zhaoge’S Interested, Someone’S Gonna Be In For It

HSSB434: When Yan Zhaoge’s interested, someone’s gonna be in for it

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze fell on the jade pendants that hung by the waists of the Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners.

The jade pendants seemed to be formed of white jade, having been intricately made as they were extremely lifelike.

What Yan Zhaoge took note of was that all the Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners each had one, which it seemingly being like proof of their identities.

Carefully feeling the spiritual qi fluctuations from these jade pendants, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes gradually brightened involuntarily.

“They’re indeed Grand Spirit Stones, their essence also agglomerated greatly to become Grand Spirit Stone Essence,” Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself, “Using this as proof of one’s identity, everyone of the sect being able to get one, this must mean that this thing must not be very rare or limited here.”

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu, Xu Fei and Ying Longtu exchanged looks.

Yan Zhaoge’s current somewhat money-enamoured look was rather a rare thing for them.

Xu Fei pondered for a moment before asking quietly, “Why is this such a big deal, Zhaoge? I’ve heard of Grand Spirit Stones before. These are already extinct in our Eight Extremities World, also having been extremely rare in pre-Great Calamity times. However, they didn’t seem to have been anything really precious.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “That’s because few know that these Grand Spirit Stones can actually serve a great function.”

“Senior apprentice-brother Xu, these people of the Floating Life World are not proficient in setting up formations based on the geography of the surrounding land. Because they cultivate in demonic blood, they spend more time doing research on battle formations in order to join the strength of many.”

“However, due to lack of development time, their battle formations are actually still rather rough around the edges.”

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “From researching ancient texts and unearthing various legacies, I actually struck it big, having obtained a powerful battle formation of before the Great Calamity.”

“Sadly, the requirements for the establishment of the formation are rather high. A skilful housewife is hard pressed to cook a meal without rice, and I could only end my dreams of such.”

“However, if I had a large amount of Grand Spirit Stone Essence, one of the two major conditions for the setting up of the formation would thereby be met.”

Yan Zhaoge surveyed the area, “Due to the spiritual qi veins here, the treasures that are suited for the cultivation of us human martial practitioners of the Eight Extremities World are also extremely few. Having come here, I haven’t seen anything of value at all.”

“Taking the Eight Extremities World as a benchmark, this would be no different from a barren wilderness.”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze fell on the jade pendants by the waists of the Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners, “However, it’s different now.”

Feng Yunsheng asked, “You said just now that you require a great amount of Grand Spirit Stone Essence. How much would be considered a great amount?”

Yan Zhaoge said casually, “Hmmm, more than a thousand catties of it, I guess.”

Feng Yunsheng and the others all showed expressions conveying that they knew it was going to be like this.

“Senior apprentice-brother Yan, while I know than all of your actions have also been the momentous heaven-shocking, earth-shaking kind, this momentous venture of yours indeed isn’t something that just anybody can afford to play,” Feng Yunsheng smiled bitterly, “Momentous ventures always need great backing for support ah.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Really?”

Xu Fei also shook his head, smiling bitterly, “I have only heard of Grand Spirit Stones, not having heard of Grand Spirit Stone Essence before. However, I know of Scenic Blue Jade and Scenic Blue Jade Essence as well as Clear Square Stone and Clear Square Stone Essence. By extension, this Grand Spirit Stone Essence should be formed from the agglomeration of the spiritual qi essence of Grand Spirit Stones.”

“Generally speaking, for such essence to be agglomerated, it only comprises one percent of the total production rate at most.”

“If you want more than a thousand catties of Grand Spirit Stone Essence, how much of the original stone does that entail? How much mining does that entail? How great a mine would be needed to satisfy your requirements?” Xu Fei sighed, “Grand Spirit Stones have long been extinct in our Eight Extremities World, but even if all of it that was produced in history was piled up together, it still wouldn’t be enough for you to use.”

“There might be lots of Grand Spirit Stones in the Floating Life World, but would they be enough to satisfy your requirements?”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, chuckling, “It’s been so hard for me to get just a little bit interested in this Floating Life World; please don’t pour cold water on me.”

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest laugh, “Young Master having gained an interest in this place, someone’s gonna be in for it.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “It’s still too early for all this now. I’ll first have to confirm some things with this Chief Su.”

Now, strong fluctuations of power suddenly emanated from the distance.

These were the strongest power fluctuations that they had encountered ever since having arrived in this Floating Life World.

However, what truly caused their expressions to change was the fact that these power fluctuations were not from a demonic bloodline cultivator, instead being from someone who cultivated in the martial dao like them.

Wind and snow assaulted over from the distant horizon.

Yan Zhaoge and the others exchanged glances, “Turning false into real, cultivating aura into essence. This can only be done by an Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster.”

As the tempestuous snowstorm neared, the nearby snowy mountains were shaken as it seemed like an avalanche might occur at any moment.

However, the newcomer quickly ended it, dispersing the snowstorm whilst descending onto the snowy mountains. As light circulated, she landed before Yan Zhaoge’s group.

As Yan Zhaoge looked over, he saw that the other party was a woman. Garbed in white, while her features were only upper average, they held a graceful, magnanimous air, possessing a flair of their own.

The surrounding Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners bowed in unison, “Greetings to Chief.”

The white-clothed woman nodded to them before her gaze fell on Yan Zhaoge, whereupon she asked, “I am Su Yun, the Chief of the Snow Crane Sect. How do I address you?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, cupping his hands in salutation, “I am surnamed Yan, Yan Zhaoge. Greetings to Chief Su.”

While carefully appraising Yan Zhaoge, Su Yun asked, “You said that you are a descendant of an acquaintance of mine from the past, but how do I know whether you are a descendant or someone with another relationship?”

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, smiling, “If I sought revenge, I wouldn’t be talking like this.”

Su Yun said mildly, “Blame not my suspicion. This is something that is hard to say.”

“That’s also right,” Yan Zhaoge nonchalantly flashed that jade hairpin inscribed with the pattern of a snow crane, “I could also have wrested this off someone else before running over as an impersonator, right?”

Su Yun said, “There is this possibility. Still, verification will be easy.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “Oh?”

Su Yun said, “This snow crane hairpin was indeed Lady’s accessory from back then. I also know that Lady refined her essence blood within back then. When coming into contact with Lady’s direct bloodline, it will show a reaction.”

“Therefore, verification will be easy. You just need to infuse your power within and see whether changes will appear in the hairpin.”

Yan Zhaoge fingered the snow crane hairpin, smiling, “No wonder I felt a strange mechanism inscribed on it.”

“Still, could she have accurately predicted that someone would be searching all the way over here for their mother today?”

Su Yun shook her head, “This is an accessory that Lady casually forged for herself that year while forging artifacts. There is not just this one, just that it just happens to have such a use, thereby bringing convenience to us.”

“Only pure blood would be effective. Therefore, there is no need to worry about fakes obtaining a portion of the real person’s essence blood and refining it within their bodies before coming over to swindle their way in. By the looks of it, it also doesn’t seem like you are being threatened and forced by someone.”

Swivelling his head over to look at Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei, Ah Hu and Ying Longtu, Yan Zhaoge suddenly laughed, “Why me, and not my companions? You are actually already certain of my identity, right?”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, a smile finally blossomed on Su Yun’s face, “You are rather similar to Lady between your eyebrows. Also, when you smile, you especially resemble her.”