Chapter 437: World Beyond Worlds, Wounds Of The Heavens

HSSB437: World beyond worlds, wounds of the heavens

Yan Zhaoge looked at that snow crane carved of ice, elegant and lifelike.

Beneath the ice carving of the snow crane was placed a bracelet. The bracelet also had a snow crane inscribed on it as it appeared to be from the same set of accessories as that snow crane hairpin.

Su Yan said, “This might be unbecoming, but this was left behind by Lady that year, and I have left it here to constantly serve as a memento of her. If Young Master wants to take it away…”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “How would I think that? This was left behind by mother for you, Aunt Yun. Also, Aunt Yun, just call me Zhaoge.”

Su Yun smiled as she raised her hand lightly, that snow crane ice carving releasing bountiful bright light before rising up into the air.

Countless spirit patterns intermingled amidst the light, forming a small scale formation which slowly broke the space apart as a small scale foreign dimension now appeared.

Yan Zhaoge knew that this must be a forbidden or sacred ground of the Snow Crane Sect.

Accompanying Su Yun in entering the foreign dimension, a massive rock very quickly appeared.

Yan Zhaoge focused his gaze on the rock, seeing a great amount of strange looking characters on it.

“Hmmm…they’re something similar to a secret code,” Thoughts flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s mind at lightning speed as he remembered several things that his father Yan Di had mentioned to him back before he had departed from Broad Creed Mountain.

While many of these things might not actually be of use, Yan Di did not know what kind of situation his son might encounter. Thus, he had prepared him as best he could so as to be able to cope with whatever situation might arise, telling him everything that might be of use to him.

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before extending his palm, infusing his true essence within that rock.

The strange characters on the rock began rapidly turning illusory.

Yan Zhaoge extended his other hand, writing something in mid-air. Numerous words of light seemed to be engraved onto the surface of the rock as well, merging together with its original occupants.

Su Yun looked rather astoundedly at this scene.

After a while, Yan Zhaoge ceased in his movements. However, the words of light intermingled and changed before finally falling silent.

Meanwhile, the message left behind on the surface of the rock had already completely changed form.

Seeing those lines of words, Yan Zhaoge slowly nodded, “While there are a few differences, these are extremely similar to the characters of before the Great Calamity, being even more complicated and ancient as well as clear in the roots of its legacy than the commonly used characters of our Eight Extremities World and this Floating Life World.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled. Amongst his few memories of her, his mother had been extremely willing to research ancient texts as well as ancient characters.

His interest and passion in ancient texts and characters had originated from the influence of his mother Xue Chuqing amidst his younger years.

Perhaps these characters and their corresponding language that were extremely close to that used before the Great Calamity were what Xue Chuqing had been used to before she had come to the Floating Life World and the Eight Extremities World.

Yan Zhaoge referred to what he had learnt before whilst carefully deciphering the words that were left behind on the stone carving.

“What is there that cannot be said outright, having to go through so many twists and turns instead? If it indeed isn’t suitable for the occasion, if it isn’t convenient to reveal, there wouldn’t be a need to leave a message behind, right?”

Yan Zhaoge pondered as he deciphered those characters. The more he saw, the stranger his expression became.

“To head up to the world beyond worlds, there are a total of two methods…”

“The most basic method is to reach the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, surpassing the bearable limits of the great thousand worlds…”

“Otherwise, learning from me, there is a treasure that can protect your body as it stabilises the rift between worlds. Afterwards, search for the wounds of the heavens…”

The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth twitched unceasingly, “This tone-why does it sound so much like a reminder to bring an umbrella out with us on a rainy day?”

“Also, there is this feeling that she didn’t see it as a very important thing. Rather, she suddenly remembered having forgotten to say it and casually left behind some words as a result. What is the meaning of that?”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “Father ah, exactly what kind of wife did you find that year?”

“Still…” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze turned solemn, “World beyond worlds…wounds of the heavens…what exactly has the Great Calamity changed our original world into?”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin and pondered as a hint of a smile was gradually revealed by the corners of his lips, “Now this is getting more and more interesting.”

After thinking for a time, Yan Zhaoge ceased in his thoughts.

He already knew the gist of the message engraved on the rock. Still, Yan Zhaoge did not retract his palm, instead continuing to infuse more of his true essence within.

After a short while, a change suddenly occurred in the rock. Having originally been tough and firm, it suddenly became like soft mud.

A portion of rock concaved inwards, forming a circular indentation within.

Yan Zhaoge observed its size. Then, he took out that circular half mirror that he had obtained upon just having arrived in the Floating Life World.

When they had come, they had been drawn over by the mechanism that had been left behind by his mother Xue Chuqing previously. This circular half mirror formed the core of that mechanism.

After activating the mechanism, this circular half mirror had temporarily lost its power. Yan Zhaoge had always been keeping it by his side, hoping to find clues as to the other half of the mirror.

At this moment, this half mirror was precisely embedded within the circular indentation as it took up a half of the space within.

As Yan Zhaoge looked within, the other half of empty space was actually filled by water that now gradually appeared out of nowhere.

Countless scenes seemed to flicker on the surface of the water. Still, it was not stable enough, the images blurry as it was hard to clearly see what they depicted.

Yan Zhaoge crossed his arms before his chest, “It looks like we will still have to wait for some time.”

As she stood quietly by the side, a warm smile appeared by Su Yun’s lips as she watched Yan Zhaoge. On him, it was as if she could see the Xue Chuqing whom she had served and followed that year.

Yan Zhaoge swivelled his head over, “Aunt Yun, it looks like we’ll still have to trouble you for some days more.”

Su Yun smiled, “Young Master, you can stay for as long as you want.”

Yan Zhaoge asked, “Right, Aunt Yun, are Grand Spirit Stones very common in the Floating Life World?”

Su Yun answered, “They cannot be considered common, but their rate of production is not bad.”

Yan Zhaoge pondered as he asked, “Where can they be found?”

Su Yun replied, “The quarries are rather scattered. There are no especially large ones, all being small or medium size ones that are scattered amongst many places.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded slowly.

Now, a voice suddenly resounded from outside, “Mother.”

“It’s my daughter, Shen Rong,” Su Yun first explained to Yan Zhaoge, who smiled and nodded, “I’ll exit with you. Please do not let anyone else in within the short term, Aunt Yun.”

Su Yun replied, “This is only natural.”

Leaving the half mirror there with the water accumulating within the rock on its own, Yan Zhaoge and Su Yun exited the foreign dimension together, returning to the ancestral hall of the Snow Crane Sect.

A woman in her twenties who looked extremely similar to Su Yun awaited there.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge, while she appeared rather curious, Shen Rong still first bowed, “Shen Rong greets…Young Master.”

Hearing her term of address, it was clear that she had already received an explanation from her father, Shen Nuo. Also, even though she had already married into Green Dragon Mountain, Su Yun’s position in her heart was one of great authority. At the very least, she did not dare to make any slights whatsoever before her.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, greeting her back, “No need to be so polite. I am slightly older than you; you can just call me Brother.”

Su Yun asked, “Rong’er, is it something from Green Dragon Mountain?”

Shen Rong nodded, “Yes. Father-in-law and the others have already received news of the arrival of Brother Yan’s group. Father-in-law sent me and Husband over to send a message, inviting you and Brother Yan over to Green Dragon Mountain.”