Chapter 433: A Martial Practitioner With A Special Physique

HSSB433: A martial practitioner with a special physique

Great chaos had arisen within the capital of the Furan Kingdom, Kanghe City. The Blood Cloud Clan that ruled over the south of the Floating Life World was shocked and enraged. A legendary Pixiu that had existed only within the pre-Great Calamity legends had appeared.

As these news spread, the various powers of the Floating Life World paid great attention to them.

The western part of the Floating Life World had always been under the jurisdiction of Green Dragon Mountain of the Four Clans.

Meanwhile, the Snow Crane Sect was situated amongst a bunch of mountains to the west, having occupied the Jade Ridge Snowy Mountains ever since its founding.

While it had only existed for some ten over years, its name had already spread far and wide as a prominent sect of the Floating Life World.

Other than the daughter of the sect’s Chief, the ‘Jade Crane’ Su Yun, having married the son of the Chief of the Green Dragon Clan, Su Yun herself was also extremely powerful, respected greatly by the surrounding powers as she was looked down upon in no way despite her gender.

Yan Zhaoge and the others headed northwest, hurrying straight towards the Jade Ridge Snowy Mountains.

“The spiritual qi flow of this Floating Life World is not suitable to be absorbed and refined by us martial practitioners. Normally, cultivating here, it’s not that one would definitely have no accomplishments at all, but a few times more time and effort would be required to see the same gains,” Xu Fei said as they walked, “With the longevity of humans being limited, if they cannot achieve a breakthrough in time to increase it, they may very possibly just die of old age.”

He sighed as he said this, “If she had not had some miraculous fortuitous encounter, this Chief Su must be some sort of legendary, heaven-defying genius.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “We are still not clear on the level of her cultivation base.”

Xu Fei said, “It wouldn’t be too low. Also, she achieved her fame just ten over years ago. By the difficulty of cultivation in this Floating Life World, this is also a very difficult thing.”

“Especially when, as you say, everyone else of that Snow Crane Sect appears mediocre in terms of martial talent. In comparison to them, she would appear even more extraordinary.”

The other three all came to understand the general situation as well as Feng Yunsheng now said, “The mediocrity of others, when put together with the difficulty of cultivation here, might be the usual standard in this place.”

They all nodded.

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before saying, “It has not appeared in the Eight Extremities World following the Great Calamity, but before the Great Calamity, there was once recorded the existence of a special physique, known as the Living Source Physique, also known as the Exhausted Source Living Physique or The Physique That Traverses The Bitter Sea.”

Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei and the others all grew interested by this as they turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge reminisced aloud, “Under normal circumstances, there is nothing special that can be seen from the Living Source Physique as it would appear no different from usual in any way.”

“However, when placed within a world extremely deficient in spiritual qi where it has almost completely been exhausted, a place where most would be unable to absorb and refine spiritual qi, those who possess the Living Source Physique can still cultivate normally, as if something new has sprung up within a dried up farmland, a source of living, flowing water arising on its own.”

“To put it simply, if there was a person who possessed the Living Source Physique, they might appear very ordinary when placed within our Eight Extremities World.”

“Of course, they could still be extremely talented. However, that would have to look at their innate talents in other areas, not having anything to do with the Living Source Physique.”

“However, having come to this Floating Life World along with others, while others would be hard pressed to progress, finding cultivation hundreds of times more difficult than in the Eight Extremities World, this person who possesses the Living Source Physique would instead be able to progress at a speed no lesser from that with their previous cultivation in the Eight Extremities World.”

Hearing this, everyone clicked their tongues in wonder, “The great thousand worlds truly hold boundless wonders, their profundities never-ending.”

Xu Fei asked, “You suspect that this Chief Su possesses the Living Source Physique?”

Yan Zhaoge answered, “It is merely one possibility. It is also possible that this Chief Su is supremely talented, her talents far greater than we can imagine, or perhaps she had some sort of heaven-defying fortuitous encounter.”

As they conversed, they had already progressed a long way, capped snowy mountains having already appeared within their line of vision.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze swept the area. He saw that many figures were currently scattered atop the snowy mountains, looking as if they were searching for or staying vigilant of something.

Gazing over carefully, the figures were all garbed in flexible white clothing as well as cloaks of crane feathers as they seemed to merge completely with the white snow surrounding them.

With Yan Zhaoge’s visual abilities, he could see the design of a snow crane flashing its wings sewed into their clothing.

He instantly knew that they must be disciples of the Snow Crane Sect.

Making a general appraisal of them, Yan Zhaoge sighed inwardly. These Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners were mostly in the Body Refinement realm, those who had managed to cultivate qi into aura and enter the Martial Scholar realm few and far between.

Xu Fei and Ah Hu also saw these martial practitioners who seemed merged into the snowy lands.

“Could these people be looking for us?” Xu Fei’s brows were knit up, “Rong Zhi of the Blood Cloud Clan saw through the fact that we might be related to the Snow Crane Sect. While many may not know why he deduced such, as the news spread, it might not be deemed so curious.”

Feng Yunsheng asked, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu’s meaning is that because the Snow Crane Sect do not know our background and our intentions, they are first staying vigilant in case of our arrival?”

Ah Hu scratched his head, “Still, how can they guard against us with just these mere Martial Artists? The difference in cultivation base is much too great. Even if we walked right by them, they still wouldn’t be able to discover us.”

“While we didn’t exert all that much strength in the Furan Kingdom, they should also know that a defensive lineup comprised of Martial Artists should have no use at all ah.”

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before smiling, “Throwing a stone to seek the way. The other side indeed doesn’t understand us, but it’s not that they wish for these Martial Artists to discover us. What they wish for is instead us being able to discover these Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners.”

Feng Yunsheng murmured, “If we were coming for the Snow Crane Sect, we would naturally take the initiative to establish contact with them, getting these Snow Crane Sect disciples to lead us to their Chief, Su Yun.

Xu Fei nodded, “Whether our intentions are good or malicious, we would also inevitably have to establish contact with these disciples of the Snow Crane Sect.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “It is precisely so. Let us go then.”

They exchanged looks, smiling. Then, they descended from mid-air, landing on a snowy mountain.

Yan Zhaoge and the others did not conceal their tracks or hide their auras, as if going for a leisurely trek up a mountain as they strolled slowly through the snowy land.

Very quickly, they were discovered by the martial practitioners of the Snow Crane Sect.

“This Jade Ridge Snowy Mountains are the territory of my Snow Crane Sect. Whoever you are, please state your name.”

Hearing their inquiry, Yan Zhaoge smiled mildly, “Please inform your sect’s Chief Su of our arrival. You merely need say that the descendant of an acquaintance of the past has come to visit.”

Yan Zhaoge paused for a moment before substantiating, “One from thirty years ago.”

The disciples of the Snow Crane Sect exchanged looks before an old man walked out from amongst them, saying, “Guests, please wait a moment.”

Having said thus, he swivelled his head and looked over. The Snow Crane Sect martial practitioner beside him nodded, turning and leaving.

Seeing this, Xu Fei said, “Looks like that Chief Su is just nearby.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “She must have come to these early regions of the snowy mountains following the direction over from the Furan Kingdom to wait for us.”

Feng Yunsheng asked, “Green Dragon Mountain should also be receiving the news very soon?”

“It should not take too long. After all, strictly speaking, the Jade Ridge Snowy Mountains are also under Green Dragon Mountain’s area of influence, with the Snow Crane Sect being a power subordinate to it, “Yan Zhaoge gazed at those Snow Crane Sect martial practitioners, “Still, I am currently rather more interested in another thing.”

“There are actually Grand Spirit Stones here, and of rather high quality as well. They also seem to be produced in rather large quantities?” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes brightened.