Chapter 448: There Are Three Treasures In The Floating Life World

HSSB448: There are three treasures in the Floating Life World

Luo Jinghao and the others unconsciously looked at Su Yun who was standing beside Yan Zhaoge.

“She does look pretty decent,” Su Yun said as she looked at the image of the woman in mid-air, “It’s just that I wonder how her cultivation base and character are?”

Luo Jinghao and the others instantly held their foreheads.

This feeling of an old granny from a palace choosing a concubine for her king truly rendered them speechless.

Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei and Ying Longtu meanwhile exchanged looks of surprise.

The girl Yan Zhaoge had depicted was someone they were extremely familiar with. While she was garbed in the attire of a Blood Cloud Clan martial practitioner of the Floating Life World, she clearly looked no different at all from their fellow disciple, Sikong Qing.

Xu Fei and Ying Longtu aside, Feng Yunsheng being under Fu Enshu’s tutelage along with Sikong Qing, they had spent a great amount of time with each other, learning martial arts together as well as having sparred numerous times.

Feng Yunsheng felt that however blind she was, it would also be impossible for her to mistake Sikong Qing’s features.

Seemingly feeling the astonishment of Feng Yunsheng and the others, Yan Zhaoge smiled, explaining, “This is not junior apprentice-sister Sikong.”

Xu Fei knit his brows, “Twins? They couldn’t have been long-lost to the point of ending up in different worlds, right?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “To tell you the truth, she and junior apprentice-sister Sikong are not related by blood.”

“How can you be so sure?” Xu Fei asked, “If they are not related by blood, it would truly be hard to imagine that they could be similar to this extent. While people who are completely unrelated yet look similar have indeed appeared before, they simply resemble each other just too much, literally seeming like junior apprentice-sister Sikong just having changed to a different set of clothing.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “This is related to a rather major mystery. Still, we have yet to understand the specifics of this.”

“Only extremely few people in our clan know of this. Strictly speaking, of the three of you, only senior apprentice-brother Xu is qualified enough to know. Still, as we are in the Floating Life World with time being tight and the situation also being unique, making an exception should be fine.”

Ying Longtu just looked curiously at the floating image of that girl while Feng Yunsheng said, “The clan has its rules; we shouldn’t make things difficult for you, senior apprentice-brother Yan. Why don’t Han Long’er and I leave for a while.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “While I can’t tell you much more, there is still no need to do that.”

“Instead, if the two of you meet a similar situation out in the outside world next time,” Yan Zhaoge looked at the hovering image of light, “If you meet someone like junior apprentice-sister Sikong, or someone who looks exactly the same as her just like this, find a way to bring that person back to the clan.”

Pausing for a moment, Yan Zhaoge then continued, “Whether that person is male or female, just try to bring them back. This matter is a very important one.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, as did Ying Longtu obediently.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Even if the situation then does not allow for you to bring that person back, you must still inform the clan of it as soon as possible.”

Looking at the image, Xu Fei pondered before saying, “Your meaning, Zhaoge, is that there have already been similar cases in our Eight Extremities World?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “There have already been three confirmed cases.”

Xu Fei let out a long breath, “Existing in both the Eight Extremities World and the Floating Life World, it is indeed extraordinary…no wonder the higher-ups of our clan see this as so important.”

Luo Jinghao and the others regained their wits, pondering for a while before Luo Jinghao now slowly said, “I’m afraid that this matter might encroach on the Blood Cloud Clan’s bottom line.”

Having slain Lu Ming and many Blood Cloud Clan martial practitioners, the enmity between them could already be said to be as deep as an ocean.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s performance in this battle had really been too dazzling as all on his own, he had swept through the Blood Cloud Clan, the Thunder Rumbling Clan and the Blazing Fire Clan, slain two of their Chiefs as well as instantly smited the Phoenix Demon Shao Fengting, truly shocking the entire Floating Life World.

Under such circumstances, however much hatred the Blood Cloud Clan had for him, they could still only temporarily choose to forget about it and maintain a low profile.

If Yan Zhaoge called for Grand Spirit Stone Essence, that was fine. Not just Green Dragon Mountain and the Thunder Rumbling Clan, even the Blood Cloud Clan and the Blazing Fire Clan could only acquiesce to his demand.

Rather than just the Four Clans, even the Thunder Demon and the Ape Demon would likely fear to provoke Yan Zhaoge.

However, just directly calling for a beautiful female disciple would definitely be a little hard for the Blood Cloud Clan to accept.

If the Blood Cloud Clan obediently did as asked, the dignity of their entire clan would instantly plummet to the ground, its people-gathering power and motivating prestige both possibly collapsing as a result.

They might very possible feel forced into making a move.

After all, the Blood Cloud Clan at least still had the Blue Bird sitting over them. Not that they believed that they might be able to stop Yan Zhaoge with it, of course.

Luo Jinghao certainly wouldn’t think for the Blood Cloud Clan. In truth, he felt that it couldn’t be better if the Blood Cloud Clan refused and Yan Zhaoge went over to wipe them completely off the face of this world.

However, looking calmly at him, Yan Zhaoge suddenly smiled radiantly, “Oh, right. I remember that the son of Chief Luo married Sister Rong’er?”

Luo Jinghao smiled, answering, “Rong’er is a favoured daughter of heaven. That silly kid of mine is fortunate.”

At Luo Jinghao’s words, all the Green Dragon Mountain martial practitioners behind him were smiling.

Meanwhile, the Chief of the Thunder Rumbling Clan and his people were all looking increasingly bitter.

While they had all previously heard that the Jade Crane Su Yun had a powerful master, with that person not having done anything noticeable before, no one having seen even her shadow, no one had truly treated this like anything worth mentioning.

They had not thought that it was actually so great a backer as this.

Green Dragon Mountain was really lucky this time, fortune raining down from the sky on them.

Looking at Luo Jinghao, Yan Zhaoge’s smile didn’t decrease in intensity at all, “Since Chief Luo values Rong’er so highly, you should also show something for it, right?”

Luo Jinghao’s heart beat frantically as he now heard Yan Zhaoge say mildly, “I heard that your clan has a treasure that is pretty good, known as the Dragon Bone Chain. You should hand it over to Rong’er to safeguard it for you, allowing it to be passed down to her descendants in the future.”

The people of Green Dragon Mountain almost let out shocked cries.

Someone with a greater temper was just about to protest when the person in front of him elbowed him straight on the chest, shooting him an extremely stern look that asked for him to shut up.

Yan Zhaoge saw all of this, but did not mind it at all as lightly tapping on the table, he raised his head and looked up at the ceiling, “I heard that there are three treasures in the Floating Life World. I know that the Dragon Bone Chain is one of them, but what of the other two?”

The expressions of Elder Qi, Elder Tong and the others all instantly turned tragically pale.

The other two, the Blood Cloud Gourd and the Thunder Containing Tablet, had both already been destroyed at Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

Luo Jinghao could only feel his temple suddenly twitch madly.

At this moment, he could truly feel Yan Zhaoge’s figure enveloping the sky of the entire Floating Life World like boundless darkness.

While Yan Zhaoge’s face carried a relaxed smile, his gaze was as cool and clear as water, not carrying any hint of a smile at all as he just looked calmly at those of Green Dragon Mountain.

Su Yun was naturally of one mind with her Young Master. Therefore, Yan Zhaoge was completely aware of what Green Dragon Mountain had been thinking before.

It could not be denied that whether it was due to their short-sightedness or an error of judgment, it was completely right for Luo Jinghao and the others to have considered things from the perspective of their Green Dragon Mountain in order to secure more benefits for their clan.

Still, what had that to do with Yan Zhaoge?

Daring to scheme against him, one had better be prepared to bear the future consequences.

Wanting to come over and toady up to him after things had progressed in an unexpected direction-when was there ever as relaxed and happy a thing as that?

If not for the Snow Crane Sect having formed a bond of marriage with Green Dragon Mountain, Yan Zhaoge would have swept through Green Dragon Mountain just like he had the other three clans.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t say anything further, just looking calmly at Luo Jinghao and the others just like that.

The Green Dragon Mountain martial practitioners instantly felt their backs completely drenched in sweat.

Just having been rejoicing at the predicament that the Blood Cloud Clan would soon be finding themselves in, it had switched to them in just the blink of an eye.