Chapter 443: Descendants Meeting Their Ancestor!

HSSB443: Descendants meeting their ancestor

When Yan Zhaoge was battling the experts of the opposing three clans, the people of Green Dragon Mountain had also arrived in the vicinity.

Seeing the blood clouds, thunderclouds and sea of flames in the distance forming a unified front, resembling a mighty torrent that could swallow the heavens and devour the earth, the hearts of they of Green Dragon Mountain all felt heavy to the extreme.

This power was one which was sufficient to destroy Green Dragon Mountain.

Just looking at their opponents alone, Luo Jinghao and the others already knew that this would be the greatest tribulation for Green Dragon Mountain ever since their founding!

Luo Jinghao tightly gripped Green Dragon Mountain’s supreme treasure, the Dragon Bone Chain. He was already resolved for the prospect of dying in this deadly battle.

The faces of Elder Qi, Elder Tong and the others were similarly sunken as water.

Just as they were overcome by a lofty, tragic air of self-sacrificial resolve, they saw the scene of Yan Zhaoge hacking the Chief of the Blood Cloud Clan into retreat with a single sword.

The emotions of the people of Green Dragon Mountain were instantly stifled completely, totally uncertain of things as they were rooted to the spot.

Feeling that powerful true dragon’s qi and blood originating from Yan Zhaoge, they were similarly taken greatly aback.

“True dragon? Great heavens, it is actually a true dragon!” Elder Tong cried out in shock.

No one mocked him for overreacting, because beside him now, all the martial practitioners of Green Dragon Mountain were currently wide-eyed and tongue-tied, dazedly looking at the numerous ice dragon silhouettes circling about Yan Zhaoge.

As compared to those of the Blood Cloud Clan, the Thunder Rumbling Clan and the Blazing Fire Clan, they of Green Dragon Mountain all sensed the true dragon’s bloodline much more deeply.

While the bloodlines of the Blue Bird, the mixed blood Suanni and the Fire Crow were all completely suppressed by the true dragon’s bloodline as well, they were not of the same race at the end of the day.

The top grade bloodline that the martial practitioners of Green Dragon Mountain cultivated in was that of the Green Scaly Dragon, a member of the dragon race possessing impure blood.

Currently, faced with the purest bloodline of a true dragon, they all immediately felt the urge to bow down before it.

From a certain perspective, it was like descendants meeting their ancestor.

It would still be fine if the descendants were extremely powerful while the ancestor was extremely weak.

However, the true dragon’s bloodline before them was simply ridiculously strong, strong to the point that the Green Scaly Dragon bloodline of Luo Jinghao and the others completely couldn’t bring themselves to act up at all.

Even the Chief of Green Dragon Mountain, Luo Jinghao, was not composed now as he was repeatedly mumbling to himself, “True dragon’s bloodline, true dragon’s bloodline.”

Seeing the Blazing Fire Demon Slaughtering Grand Formation of the Blazing Fire Clan being activated, he and the others rapidly regained their wits which had been shaken greatly by the true dragon’s bloodline.

All of them looked extremely solemn, “The Blazing Fire Demon Slaughtering Grand Formation is the current strongest battle formation of the Floating Life World, being superior to our clan’s Rampaging Dragon Grand Formation, the Thunder Rumbling Clan’s Thunder Suanni Roaring Grand Formation and the Blood Cloud Clan’s Blue Bird Crying Heaven Formation.”

“If our clan wanted to stand against it, we would have to rely on the power of our Dragon Bone Chain.”

Thinking up to this point, Luo Jinghao and the others now saw Yan Zhaoge’s Green Abyss Sword shooting outwards, green light flashing as it forced the flock of Fire Crows into hurried retreat, harried to the point that they resembled jumping dogs and flying chickens.

Seeing this, they of Green Dragon Mountain were all rendered speechless.

The allied forces of the three clans had already come to realise Yan Zhaoge’s great strength. They promptly and decisively discarded all thoughts of standing alone against him, beginning to join forces in attacking him!

The expressions of Luo Jinghao and the others all turned stern.

This situation was precisely the one they had been most worried about.

The combined power of the three clans was like an incomparable tribulation that could decimate any single independent entity of the Floating Life World without question!

While Yan Zhaoge had just revealed shocking power, for him to face their combined strength alone…

Just as their minds had rotated halfway, the strange silvery light of thunder suddenly flickered on Yan Zhaoge’s body.

Next, a dark shadow flew out, instantly devouring the Suanni silhouette formed of the Thunder Rumbling Clan’s Thunder Suanni Roaring Grand Formation.

Facing the Blue Bird Crying Heaven Formation of the Blood Cloud Clan, Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light resembled the soaring of a dragon as it instantly ripped that mixed blood blue phoenix apart.

The sword-light in the form of a dragon ripped the Blue Bird silhouette apart, next striking the vortex spurting out from the supreme treasure of the Blood Cloud Clan, the Blood Cloud Gourd, as if it had still yet to be satisfied.

The vortex exploded, while the sword-light continued onward yet again, splitting the Blood Cloud Gourd completely into two.

Luo Jinghao and the others very nearly bit their own tongues.

The Blood Cloud Gourd was the supreme treasure of the Blood Cloud Clan, being like what the Dragon Bone Chain was to their Green Dragon Mountain.

Of the current five first grade bloodlines of the Floating Life World, other than the Green Scaly Dragon being dead with Green Dragon Mountain being in possession of its remaining essence blood, the origins of the four other bloodlines, the four powerful demonic beasts that were the Golden Ape, the Blue Bird, the mixed blood Suanni and the Fire Crow, were all still of this world.

These four demonic beasts could basically be considered overlords of all the demonic beasts of the current Floating Life World.

Amongst them, the mixed blood Suanni and the Fire Crow had antagonistic relationships with the Thunder Rumbling Clan and the Blazing Fire Clan which respectively held their bloodlines.

There was only the Blue Bird which instead had a rather good relationship with the Blood Cloud Clan which grasped its bloodline.

The Blue Bird had accepted being fed and housed by the Blood Cloud Clan, staying on as a longtime resident of their clan. While it would not do anything for the Blood Cloud Clan on its own accord, it also served as a form of intimidation.

Whoever wanted to attack the Blood Cloud Clan would also have to consider the Blue Bird that stood at the peak of the demonic beasts of the Floating Life World.

Other than the comparatively moderate temperament which it possessed, a very important reason for the Blue Bird residing there was the Blood Cloud Clan nourishing it with the Blood Cloud Gourd.

The Blood Cloud Clan was not like Green Dragon Mountain, the Blazing Fire Clan and the Thunder Rumbling Clan, whose names had come about from the first grade bloodlines that they possessed.

While this had also been done in respect for the Blue Bird, having named their clan after the Blood Cloud Gourd was already sufficient to show the significance of this treasure to the Blood Cloud Clan.

“The Blood Cloud Gourd can forcibly wrest away the essence blood of other people or demonic beasts, sometimes even being able to refine their bloodlines. Such a powerful treasure, was actually…” Looking at the two broken halves of the Blood Cloud Gourd, Elder Qi’s eyes grew wide.

As a longtime Elder of Green Dragon Mountain, Elder Qi had wished countless times that the Blood Cloud Gourd could be destroyed.

Doing so would be equivalent to clipping off one of the Blood Cloud Clan’s wings and even further.

Despite having come west in conquest together with the Blood Cloud Clan now as they cooperated extremely closely with them, the Rumbling Thunder Clan and the Blazing Fire Clan also wished greatly that the Blood Cloud Gourd might be destroyed or wrested away.

While a scene from countless dreams had now truly occurred before their eyes, everyone here found it greatly difficult to believe.

One of the three greatest treasures of the Floating Life World, the Blood Cloud Gourd that countless people hated to the core yet also yearned to desire, had been lost just like that?

Elder Qi felt like his mind was collapsing.

Luo Jinghao felt like his mind was collapsing.

Every single person of Green Dragon Mountain felt like their minds were collapsing.

Watching Yan Zhaoge breaking the fire crows with a single arrow and suppressing the Blazing Fire Demon Slaughtering Grand Formation with the pillar of the Divine Palace afterwards, the minds of Luo Jinghao and the others had already almost collapsed to the point of being numbed.

With it already being like this for the spectators, even less had to be said for the allied forces of the three clans that were directly facing off against Yan Zhaoge.

The Chief of the Thunder Rumbling Clan hesitated repeatedly with an expression of immense struggle on his face. Finally, caring no longer about preserving his strength, he raised his hand and threw out a stone tablet.

He spat out a mouthful of his own essence blood. It landed on the stone tablet, which instantly shuddered intensely.

Amidst the tremors, the stone tablet suddenly split mightily apart from the centre.

After having split apart, incomparably violent thunderbolts surged from within, causing chain explosions to occur in the space about the surrounding area!

Amidst the light of thunder, a small purple orb the size of a chicken egg appeared, shocking the surrounding area!

“You forced me to do it!” The Chief of the Thunder Rumbling Clan roared, spitting out another mouthful of essence blood onto that purple orb.

The infinite power of thunderbolts contained within that purple orb instantly grew even more violent, as if it were about to explode.

The Chief of the Thunder Rumbling Clan immediately retreated!

Even he was unable to control the power within this treasure.

Therefore, he had never been willing to use it. Now, however, he had been forced by Yan Zhaoge to go all out for his very life.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge instead burst out laughing.

“Unexpected gains, unexpected gains! Haha, I must thank you!”

Amidst his laughter, a similar purple light of thunder flickered within Yan Zhaoge’s right eye as a large purple orb now appeared within!

Afterwards, under the virtually dazed stares of the Chief of the Thunder Rumbling Clan and everyone else, the purple orb from the stone tablet shot towards Yan Zhaoge’s Eye of the Thunder Emperor fragment like a child returning to a parent’s embrace!

The two purple orbs, one big, one small, merged together, coming together to form an even larger orb which then spun around as it was retracted into Yan Zhaoge’s right eye.

The body of the Chief of the Thunder Rumbling Clan swayed in mid-air as he nearly plummeted straight to the ground