Chapter 456: Minding One’S Business

HSSB456: Minding one’s business

Completely ignoring the blood dragon coiling within the air, Yan Zhaoge said, “The amount of Rainbow Dawn Jade Pith within that bracelet alone would be too little.”

“It would be best if Rainbow Dawn Jade Pith is still produced within that world.”

Yan Zhaoge’s brows were knit slightly, “There’s still another, more vexing problem. The dimensional passageway leading to that world was formed by coincidence and is just temporarily there. It should be disappearing in not too long a time.”

Xu Fei sucked in a deep breath, “Whatever the case, we should first take care of the situation before us. It will all have to depend on your abilities, junior apprentice-brother Yan.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled as he looked at that blood dragon coiling within the sky that concealed the heavens and obscured the sun, “Based on the situation before us, things are even easier.”

Saying thus, the acupoints of his entire body shook, his true essence surging as he shot into the skies!

Seeing this, the gaze of that black-robed old man turned cold, “Too audacious!”

The scales of the massive blood dragon coiling within the air pulsed as roiling blood qi surged out unceasingly from within, the bloodred auspicious clouds of dragon’s might growing increasingly heavy.

The massive dragon’s tail swept over towards Yan Zhaoge, its power seemingly able to smash mountains and split seas.

Yan Zhaoge chortled. With a casual slam of his right hand, a massive power that could collapse the very heavens erupted at point blank range, directly blowing that massive tail into smithereens!

The black-robed old man was greatly shocked, “Such a young Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster?”

Yan Zhaoge did not cease in his movements as after having shattered the dragon’s tail with his palm, he continued on with a palm towards the sky above, multiple layers of blood clouds instantly shattering.

From amongst them, the black-robed old man let out a muffled groan.

Numerous bloodred dragon scales rained down unceasingly from the sky.

The six people currently battling it out by the side were greatly astonished by this as well. That black-robed old man was a late Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster, possessing the highest cultivation base of everyone here. Still, he actually seemed not to be Yan Zhaoge’s match at all.

The black-robed old man roared furiously, his entire body’s true essence surging as a massive bloodred dragon shot out from the blood clouds in its entirety.

Seeing the black-robed old man headed straight from him, Yan Zhaoge directly extended his left hand, striking straight towards the great head of that massive blood dragon with his palm.

The two seemed to halt together within the sky for a moment.

However, the next moment, a low, heavy boom resounded from the great head of that massive blood dragon.

Next, the dragon’s horn first broke off before the crown of its head gradually shattered. The massive dragon’s entire body distorted at a strange angle, seemingly suppressed by a boundless, incomparable force.

Countless scales flew into the air, a rain of blood scattering down between the heavens and the earth once more.

The other Blood Dragon Sect martial practitioners were greatly shocked. The four no longer focused on encircling and attacking that husband and wife, instead turning and attacking towards Yan Zhaoge together.

The four blood dragons shot madly over. Yan Zhaoge scanned over them, his left hand still pressed against the head of the blood dragon formed of the black-robed old man’s true essence as he lined up the fingers of his right hand into a sword, shooting outwards.

Several streaks of sword-light shot out, rampaging between the heavens and the earth before transforming into numerous green dragons!

The green dragons and the blood dragons clashed. The blood dragons collapsed upon impact, slain by the green dragons formed of the sword-light of Yan Zhaoge’s true essence!

The Blood Dragon Sect martial practitioners were stunned. Even that couple with their combined swordplay currently had on bemused expressions as they watched all that was happening before them.

As Yan Zhaoge’s true essence surged, the feeling of flourishing new life pervaded the area. The illusory scenes of light above his head vaguely showed the images of swaying, flickering leaves.

It was not hard for them to tell that he was currently a mid Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster, at the fifth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm.

However, of Yan Zhaoge’s current opponents, four were also mid Essence Spirit Martial Grandmasters while that black-robed old man was a late Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster.

Here, the combined forces of the five Blood Dragon Sect Martial Grandmaster experts had just been left unable to even raise their heads by just a single mid Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster. How could one not be bemused by that?

Finally able to catch their breaths, as the husband and wife exchanged glances, both could see the shock within the other’s gaze.

“While is said that it is possible for those with lower cultivation bases to surpass levels in suppressing those above them, that is an extremely rare thing in the Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster realm,” The woman who controlled a black sword-light let out a breath of cold air, “After all, the higher up one goes, the harder it is to cultivate. Of those who are able to reach this stage, how many were not extraordinary geniuses back in their day?”

She looked intently at Yan Zhaoge, “The martial arts executed by this young man does not seem to be much superior to that of my Changli Mountain or the Blood Dragon Sect. How can he possess such strength?”

The man who controlled the white sword-light pondered before saying, “Able to reach a cultivation base that is similar to us at such an age, it is originally already an unimaginable thing. There are always such geniuses amongst geniuses in this world. Before such people, those commonly acclaimed as geniuses are merely mediocre.”

His wife asked softly, “When he stepped into the mid Essence Spirit stage and his spirit sprouts grew branches and birthed spirit leaves, could there have been eight leaves, or even nine leaves formed?”

The man shook his head, his gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge growing increasingly solemn, “I cannot tell. At this point, this young man is still not even using his full strength!”

“Still, however one looks at it, it should definitely be seven leaves or more without doubt!”

His wife looked a little worried, “What should we do now then?”

The man shook his head, saying, “Our path back to the Vast Ocean World has been blocked. Meanwhile, we are also unfamiliar with this place, not knowing where we might go. Since this person has helped us to block the people of the Blood Dragon Sect, let us just watch silently and wait.”

“If this young man wants to do us harm, even if we ran, it would still be very easy for him to shake off the people of the Blood Dragon Sect and catch up with us.”

Within the sky, the blood dragons formed of the true essences of the four Blood Dragon Sect Martial Grandmasters were all shattered by Yan Zhaoge’s Coiling Dragon Sleeve, the four stumbling backwards in unison.

They were not inexperienced people. Currently gazing shockedly at Yan Zhaoge, they dared not go forth again.

Meanwhile, that black-robed old man had been locked in place by the suction force from Yan Zhaoge’s palm, currently trapped within the air along with that blood dragon that was formed of his true essence.

“Let go!”

A roar suddenly resounded within the air. As Yan Zhaoge raised his head and gazed over, he saw a mournful bloodred light abruptly fly out through the dimensional passageway, piercing through the air as it assaulted him.

Hearing it, Yan Zhaoge chuckled.

A powerful force massive to the point that it seemed uncontrollable mightily erupted from the palm of his left hand that was suppressing the head of the massive dragon!

Its body already having been distorted with wounds all over and scales missing all around, the massive blood dragon let out a despairing roar as its entire body of flesh and blood collapsed completely, breaking down between the heavens and the earth.

Such a massive body breaking apart into inches-how would there merely be ten thousand segments?

As the bloodred light dissipated, the figure of the black-robed old man was revealed. Blood spurted directly from his mouth at the backlash as all the pores of his entire body dripped blood, staining his black robes a dark violet.

As the mournful sword-light neared, the figure of a man in his thirties or forties appeared.

This man had arrived late, calling out to stop Yan Zhaoge. The latter having instead ignored him completely, his face could not help but turn green.

“Die!”

An immensely powerful aura emanated from this person’s body as numerous streams of terrifying blood qi enveloped the heavens and covered the earth, condensing to form numerous blood dragons.

Nine whole terrifying blood dragons manifested on him.

The nine dragons came together in spewing out dragonbreath, those long streams of bloodred flame sweeping towards Yan Zhaoge simultaneously!