Chapter 460: Returning To The Eight Extremities World

HSSB460: Returning to the Eight Extremities World

Xu Fei’s expression was very normal as solemnness did not show on his face. Still, his gaze was determined, not wavering or hesitant in the least.

Yan Zhaoge gave Xu Fei a deep look before suddenly pointing outwards, his finger resembling a sharp sword as a bloodied hole now appeared on Xu Fei’s arm.

Little Shi Jun gave a startled cry while Xu Fei remained unmoving where he was, looking calmly at Yan Zhaoge.

Guiding Xu Fei’s fresh blood, Yan Zhaoge drew in mid-air, forming a profound, complicated rune.

Next, he flashed the Lofty Prestige Mirror at that rune. The bloodred rune instantly formed an impression on the mirror which seemed to seep into its surface.

“I will definitely bring you guys back,” Yan Zhaoge said in a heavy tone, appearing solemn as he had never been before.

Xu Fei relaxedly stopped the bleeding before gulping down a mouthful of wine from the wineskin at his waist and smiling, “We’ll be waiting.”

Yan Zhaoge speedily imparted the method for treating Ying Yuzhen with the Rainbow Dawn Jade Pith to Xu Fei, also drawing up a list for him that contained all of the other techniques he had currently thought of which might also be of help to Ying Yuzhen’s recovery.

With this, having arrived at the Vast Ocean World, if there were treasures other than the Rainbow Dawn Jade Pith which might also be of use, Xu Fei and Shi Jun would be able to make use of them in Ying Yuzhen’s treatment as well.

The dimensional passageway in the sky, being exceptionally unstable, was already gradually showing signs of closing up.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Bai Jingkang and his wife, saying, “Please help to take good care of my senior apprentice-brother.”

Xu Fei said as well, “I will be troubling you.”

While he had still yet to reach the Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster realm, looking at his cultivation base and then his age, Bai Jingkang and Wang Bing could not look down on him as they both nodded courteously.

Bai Jingkang said emotionally, “We husband and wife will never be able to pay back our great debt to you. We will definitely do all we can in this matter.”

Wang Bing said, “Even if our abilities are limited, we can still report it to our clan. Our clan is one of the Vast Ocean World’s Seven Pillars of Good. It would not be difficult if we just wanted to find some things.”

Having broken through the dimensions of space and come to the Floating Life World and met Yan Zhaoge and the others would have been purely coincidental. They were not afraid that they had been set up.

As for Yan Zhaoge having a request of them in return for his assistance, as the two of them saw it, it was a completely normal thing.

Moreover, as Yan Zhaoge had thought, when this couple had heard that the clan Yan Zhaoge and the others hailed from was named Broad Creed Mountain, they had felt a sense of closeness to it as well.

With Yan Zhaoge possessing such a cultivation base and such great strength at such an age, they were also more than happy to sow the seeds of positive karma with him.

The couple took their leave, “May we meet again.”

Then, they rose up into the air together.

Xu Fei kept his wineskin and waved towards Yan Zhaoge and the others, “Take good care of yourselves.”

Then, he brought Shi Jun along in flying towards the entrance of that dimensional passageway within the sky.

Yan Zhaoge stood there, his head upraised, staring at their figures vanishing within the dimensional passageway.

After a while, the entrance of the dimensional passageway began gradually collapsing, turning blurry and distorted.

Finally, the dimensional passageway vanished amidst the horizon, no longer visible at all.

The sky overhead resumed its usual appearance.

Looking at the sky that now no longer appeared any out of the ordinary at all, Yan Zhaoge, Ah Hu, Feng Yunsheng and Ying Longtu were all silent for a time.

“Let’s go.”

After a long time, Yan Zhaoge exhaled slowly, turning as he said, “We have already spent enough time in this Floating Life World.”

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Ying Longtu nodded.

They followed the most intense streak of scattered light from when they had previously been looking for the dimensional passageway that would lead them back to the Eight Extremities World.

Yan Zhaoge and the others moved five thousand kilometres north before analysing the spiritual qi flow in the vicinity as they also felt for the changes in the surrounding heavens and earth.

After a long time of searching, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes abruptly lit up before he led everyone in flying forward.

Soon, they could see what seemed to be a massive clump of dark clouds in the distant horizon, a vortex at their centre which unceasingly swept along and absorbed the surrounding air currents.

Having arrived close by, Yan Zhaoge led them along in entering the centre of those dark clouds together. Heading upwards, as they raised their heads, they could indeed see yet another dimensional passageway entrance concealed amidst the depths of the rotating air currents.

This dimensional passageway would indeed bring them back to the Eight Extremities World where they came from.

Space distorted unceasingly around its entrance as it brought the horizon of the Floating Life World here along in shifting unceasingly, resembling a twister that was actually moving.

Within the eye of this storm was the entrance to the dimensional passageway.

Yan Zhaoge extended his palm, streams of his true essence transforming into a massive heaven-obscuring palm which appraised and measured the integrity of the area.

“It’s still alright. This dimensional passageway can still hold on for some time before being sealed,” After a while, Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly, “Still, I’m afraid that time is still gradually ticking down. We’ve got to be leaving soon.”

After carefully analysing the spatial changes around the entrance of the dimensional passageway and gaining an understanding of the situation, there was already no need to worry about not being able to find the way back later on. Yan Zhaoge immediately brought the group along in leaving the vortex of dark clouds.

They returned to the Jade Ridge Snowy Mountains in the west domain, Yan Zhaoge sighing after he saw Su Yun, “Aunt Yun, we’ve got to be leaving soon.”

Su Yun could not bear to part with him somewhat as well, “Young Master, remember to take good care of yourself. When you see Lord, remember to greet him on my behalf.”

“If…if you are able to see Lady, please bring up a word for me. Ask Lady if she can make time for a trip to the Floating Life World when she is free. I really miss her.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Rest easy, Aunt Yun. I believe that in my mother not having contacted you upon returning to the Floating Life World previously, it must have been due to the circumstances at the time, with her not wishing to bring you trouble. If the circumstances permit it, she will definitely come to see you.”

Su Yun looked a little worried, “That is precisely what I am most worried about. I hope that Lady is safe and sound.”

Yan Zhaoge comforted her some more before mentioning to her the matter of the Vast Ocean World, letting her be mentally prepared for it should the need arise.

The Floating Life World was comparatively sealed off, but if a stable dimensional passageway was formed between it and the Vast Ocean World, it would be greatly impactful on the people here, and not necessarily in a good way.

The people of Green Dragon Mountain, the Thunder Rumbling Clan, the Blood Cloud Clan and the Blazing Fire Clan congregated in the west domain once more, just that this time, it was to send Yan Zhaoge his Grand Spirit Stone Essence.

Earlier, because Yan Zhaoge had asked for it, the region of the Huoqin Mountain Range had been completely swept clear of people by the Thunder Rumbling Clan beforehand, no one knowing of what had occurred them.

However, the major battle that had erupted in that area which had shaken the surrounding heavens and earth had still been detected by those in the vicinity.

The martial practitioners of the Floating Life World had made many guesses regarding this, feeling unsettled as they hoped that Yan Zhaoge could let them know something about this.

Yan Zhaoge appeared as if nothing had happened at all, leaving them helpless as to this situation.

Some noticed that Xu Fei was missing, but dared not to ask further on it.

While some guessed that Yan Zhaoge’s group might have met with a setback, seeing that there were no abnormalities in Yan Zhaoge himself at all, they would not dare to stir up anything up even if the courage was so lent to them.

If they went in over their heads, they might aggravate Old Devil Yan, his mood fluctuating and unpredictable.

If he, that Great Demon King, flared up, their entire clans might face the fate of decimation at any time.