Chapter 463: The Treasure That Seals The Earth Domain

HSSB463: The treasure that seals the Earth Domain

All those below the Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster realm were forbidden from stepping into the Earth Domain.

This restriction naturally didn’t exist for Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge traversed the dense black fog as guided, arriving before Yuan Zhengfeng and Fang Zhun. Neither of them was surprised by his arrival.

Yuan Zhengfeng nodded slightly, “Zhaoge, you have returned from the Marsh of Illusory Sea?”

Yan Zhaoge greeted the two. He saw streams of clear qi shrouding Fang Zhun’s entire body, intermingling with the streams of black qi from the deep abyss down below as they came together to form an existence like a cage, enveloping him completely within.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge, Fang Zhun smiled and nodded, but did not speak. His attention seemed fully focused on the black fog coiling before him.

On a certain level, it could even be said that it was not just Broad Creed Mountain but the entire Eight Extremities World for which other than Yan Zhaoge, Fang Zhun was the current greatest authority on the Earth Domain.

Yan Zhaoge’s understanding of the Nine Underworlds was established upon the precious scriptures of the Divine Palace before the time of the Great Calamity.

As for the specifics regarding the Nine Underworlds and the Earth Domain in these post-Great Calamity times, having once entered the depths of Hell and researched the area for many years, Fang Zhun might be even more familiar than Yan Zhaoge with them.

Carefully feeling that black fog, Yan Zhaoge gradually gained an understanding of it, “This baleful qi is even more powerful than the previous chaotic streams of baleful qi. It even contains some Nine Underworlds devilish qi that intimidates one’s soul, leading one to fall to the dark side.”

“While the Heaven Thwarting Mantra can alleviate the danger of the chaotic streams of baleful qi, it is helpless against this stronger Nine Underworlds baleful qi.”

Focusing his attention and gazing over carefully, Yan Zhaoge saw a faint golden radiance vaguely emanating from the depths of the black fog.

The radiance was very slight. Indistinctly visible, it should be buried within the innermost depths of the deep abyss.

While the radiance, enshrouded by the black fog, was slight, it was not weak in the slightest as Yan Zhaoge could even feel waves of warmth emitted from it in complete contrast to the harsh environment that he was currently in.

It was as though even though the sun had been concealed by the dark clouds, a sliver of sunlight still penetrated through the cloud layer, descending upon the great earth.

“Exactly what kind of seal is it?”

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, the Sacred Sun Clan first coming to his mind.

However, when the first abnormalities in the Earth Domain had appeared back then, causing it to be transformed into Hell, the Sacred Sun Clan had still far from developed to the level that it had attained now.

Meanwhile, that seal in the Earth Domain which had been set down by some unknown person and some unknown force had already existed here from the beginning.

Also, as per Yan Zhaoge’s estimations, different from how he and others had earlier obstructed the Great Nine Underworlds Door and prevented the Nine Underworlds from descending, a legitimate passageway leading to the Nine Underworlds may have long before already opened within the depths of the Earth Domain, just that it had been suppressed and put to a stop by some supreme expert.

These methods were not something that the past experts of the Sacred Sun Clan could have achieved.

Carefully feeling the concept contained within that golden radiance, it was also different from that from the Sacred Sun Clan which he was commonly used to.

“Still, there is still some feeling of familiarity…” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze focused slightly, “I seem to have encountered it somewhere before.”

After pondering for a while, Yan Zhaoge looked at Yuan Zhengfeng, “Grand Master, the situation here is gradually growing stable. When it was at its most intense before, how was it like?”

Yuan Zhengfeng said with a solemn expression on his face, “The baleful qi soared into the heavens, bewitching people’s hearts. Unlike how the Nine Underworlds slowly worked its evil on peoples’ minds before, the situation at that time seemed to forcefully pull one into a deep abyss from which they could never escape.”

“Whether or not you were willing, it seemed like it would corrode your consciousness nonetheless, wiping away your humanity.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned even graver, “That is really fearsome then, having been extremely rare before this. It seemed not to have been this intense even with the devilish qi when the people of the Decimating Abyss stirred up their greatest disturbance.”

“This time, I fear that we do not face people of our Eight Extremities World who have been bewitched by the Nine Underworlds. Instead, we face the Nine Underworlds and some powerful Evil Devils.”

Yuan Zhengfeng said, “If this is so, the calm winds and tides now are very possibly only temporal. We know not when the other party might strike again.”

“This previous time was likely only an attempt to test us out.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Grand Master’s words make great sense. This is precisely the matter that we need to worry about most.”

Yuan Zhengfeng said, “This old man once entered right down to the very depths of Hell together with Huang Guanglie, Shen Li, Chu Yan and the others.”

“There, dazzling golden light flickered. It is unknown which senior once left behind a seal that has always been sealing the depths of that deep abyss.”

Yuan Zhengfeng sighed rather regretfully, “After observing the area, we discovered that a delicate balance was ongoing there. If we touched it, that equilibrium might very well be broken, leading to the seal being completely broken. Therefore, we could only retreat and keep surveillance over the area.”

Yan Zhaoge pondered as he said, “While we can only wait passively, even if something happens with the Nine Underworlds once more, the seal of golden light should still not shatter completely. That way, we will still be able to borrow its strength in resisting the Nine Underworlds together.”

Yuan Zhengfeng nodded slowly, “It was precisely with such a consideration that this old man, Unreasonable Old Huang and the others finally decided to just wait and see.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Grand Master, have you obtained a sliver of that golden light?”

“While having to avoid setting off that seal, I have still successfully obtained a bit of its aura. Still, this old man is unlearned and have not been able to identify its origins,” Yuan Zhengfeng unfurled his palm, some slivers of faint golden radiance appearing within, dazzling as the pricking brightness of the sun to the eye, “Yet, it feels like a direct lineage martial art of some pre-Great Calamity power.”

Yan Zhaoge carefully took a sliver of radiance, carefully keeping it in preparation for slowly analysing it later on.

“Grand Master, in my trip to the Marsh of Illusory Sea this time…” Yan Zhaoge told Yuan Zhengfeng all the important parts of his earlier journey.

Yuan Zhengfeng was one of the few who knew about the matter of his mother, Yan Zhaoge having no need to hide it from him.

After hearing all of it, Yuan Zhengfeng could only click his tongue in wonder, “World beyond Worlds, Floating Life World, Vast Ocean World, demonic bloodline cultivators…”

After learning of the plight of Xu Fei and Shi Jun, Yuan Zhengfeng’s gaze contained a seldom seen look of worry, “Fortune will hopefully favour them.”

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge saw how Yuan Zhengfeng resembled an ordinary old man as he worried over Xu Fei and Shi Jun. He could not help but feel some sadness within his heart.

Yuan Zhengfeng ceased in such thoughts, looking at Yan Zhaoge and consoling him, “This old man has a deep impression of Chuqing. While she usually seems a little muddle-headed in minor matters, not being as meticulous as the average woman, she is a person with strong thoughts and beliefs of her own.”

“While you were unable to find her in the Floating Life World, do not feel down. You will definitely be able to reunite one day.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled and nodded, Yuan Zhengfeng raising his head slightly, “It is fine about the Vast Ocean World and the Floating Life World. Instead, it is the World beyond Worlds that you say Chuqing mentioned in her message that truly is exceptional. While the few words she left behind resemble spying on a leopard through a pipe, it still leaves an incomparably deep impression.”

Yan Zhaoge answered, “I feel the same way.”

Yuan Zhengfeng pondered for a moment before saying, “You should return to the clan first. Your father is guarding over it right now, and you should return to peacefully rest and cultivate as well. This old man will notify you if something crops up here.”

With such a major incident having occurred in the Earth Domain, a character like the Martial Saint Yuan Zhengfeng was indeed required to guard over it.

Yan Zhaoge had many thoughts that he needed to sort out, and also had to make some preparations with regard to the abnormalities in the Earth Domain.

Therefore, after taking his leave of Yuan Zhengfeng and Fang Zhun, Yan Zhaoge returned to the Heaven Domain and Broad Creed Mountain.