Chapter 492: Since I Dared To Give You The Formation Diagram, I Naturally Have A Way To Deal With You

HSSB492: Since I dared to give you the formation diagram, I naturally have a way to deal with you

Looking at Huang Guanglie, the corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth arched slightly upwards, “For the backer up in the World beyond Worlds that you found, our Eight Extremities World must seem to them like a backyard which just happened to appear. What they need is someone obedient and who possesses sufficient ability to oversee and manage this world for them.”

“Due to managing to establish communication with them, your Sacred Sun Clan seized the initiative, and they were not so stingy as to not give you any benefits as well.”

“However, if you are good-for-nothing and cannot be raised up no matter what, they wouldn’t mind looking for someone else who is more competent to manage things on their behalf.”

“At the end of the day, it does not matter who it is. The most important thing is being able to assure their interests in the Eight Extremities World.”

“Of course, using the raw is still inferior to using the cooked. Potential and strength being similar, the other party would naturally lean towards you more.”

“Still, you need to prove yourselves such that the other party will see you as worthy of assisting.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, smiling, “While my guesses might not be completely correct, it should be more or less there, right?”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge mention the World beyond Worlds, Huang Guanglie’s expression changed slightly, “So you know about the existence of the World beyond Worlds as well?”

His expression very quickly returning to normal, he looked indifferently at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, “You father and son are indeed both geniuses.”

“This old man felt that the great battles against the Flame Devils and Nine Underworlds this time may be a stroke of immense fortune.”

“However, before you, Yan Di, Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood, before your Broad Creed Mountain demonstrated such a powerful battle formation, I have to say that I had not thought that this stroke of fortune would actually be the final one.”

“While I do not want to admit it, if I do not take care of you this time along with the Flame Devils, it would spell great trouble for my Sacred Sun Clan.”

Huang Guanglie’s gaze finally landed on Yan Zhaoge, “I will take care of you first, lest endless future troubles arise. As of now, your rate of growth is even greater than Yan Di’s.”

“Matters which are detrimental to my Sacred Sun Clan always have your shadow behind them. You, cannot live.”

Saying thus, Huang Guanglie raised his palm, golden light enveloping the heavens and covering the earth as it swept over towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was unchanging as he appeared leisurely, “Huang Guanglie, your cultivation base of the second level of the Martial Saint realm is indeed high, and your attainment in the martial dao is also rather good.”

“However, do you think my Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation can be seen through so easily?”

Yan Zhaoge laughed lightly, “Can’t you understand? Since I dared to give you a portion of the formation diagram, I would naturally have a way to deal with you.”

Before his words had landed, the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation shook mightily, the golden illusory shadow that had substituted Huang Guanglie gradually being consumed by white light!

Having originally been golden, the illusory shadow rapidly turned white!

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s composedness, great unease arose within Huang Guanglie’s heart.

However, before he could do anything, he discovered that a layer of white light now covered his body as well.

Huang Guanglie tried to forcibly break free of the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation and escape.

However, as the white light flickered, his body shifted, shockingly already having been dragged back to the core of the formation.

That illusory figure which had already turned white merged together within Huang Guanglie’s body, numerous white chains entangling him as they drew him along in following the world of white light down towards the dimensional entrance passageway at the centre of the fire sea down below!

Huang Guanglie roared furiously, golden light shining about his entire body, but under the effect of the grand formation, all the golden light was transformed into white light, becoming a portion of the formation’s power.

His expression having remained calm throughout all this, Yan Di said mildly, “Huang Guanglie, do not forget. It is I who leads this grand formation.”

Looking at Huang Guanglie, Yan Zhaoge’s smile turned cold, “We can slowly settle things between us next time. As you put it, focus diligently and obediently on dealing with the Flame Devils.”

Huang Guanglie gazed deeply at Yan Zhaoge for a moment, seemingly wanting to imprint his image into his very bones.

Old Man Mo and Song Wuliang had rather complex expressions on their faces. Old Man Mo looked slightly out of sorts while Song Wuliang had received quite an impact from the events that had just transpired, his expression having changed several times in succession.

His expression was slightly strange, “According to the words of you surnamed Huang, the people of the World beyond Worlds would not tolerate the Nine Underworlds and the Flame Devils rampaging unbridled across this Eight Extremities World. Things having fallen to an irreparable extent, there would be the possibility of them making a move?”

Huang Guanglie refused to say anything.

Song Wuliang’s mouth was dry, “First not mentioning how they might make a move, if they really did so, what then would be the meaning in all we are doing now, all the sacrifices we have made?”

Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “There is naturally meaning in them. The other side just does not want our world to be damaged due to the Nine Underworlds Evil Devils and the Flame Devils. However, they may not necessarily care at all about whoever dies during this time.”

“It is like I said. The raw is still inferior to the cooked. They might actually raise the Sacred Sun Clan up a bit, but this might not definitely be so for others.”

“The other side perhaps hopes to obtain some talents from our Eight Extremities World, accepting them as disciples and strengthening themselves. They also hope to be able to take in some experts of the Eight Extremities World with both strength and potential, breaking through the third level of the Martial Saint realm and joining them, boosting their strength.”

“However, at the end of the day, it is only an extreme few people who can achieve that.”

“However, to us, there are many people whom we do not want to lose.”

Hearing his words, Song Wuliang nodded quietly. His Jade Sea City, located between the Earth Domain and the Outer East Sea, faced a direct threat from both the Nine Underworlds and the Flame Devils.

As the impact caused due to the World beyond Worlds had calmed, Song Wuliang had already stabilised his mind, very naturally able to remember that living in this world, one has to depend on themselves at the end of the day.

Martial Saints like him were naturally firm in their wills. The news of the World beyond Worlds had shaken his mental state, leaving him having some rare thoughts of weakness and reliance. Having re-stabilised his mind now, such thoughts naturally no long existed.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head, looking up at the sky above.

After Huang Guanglie was dragged back within it, as the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation circulated, the spiritual light above his head formed of the golden lamp was extinguished as well.

That seemingly unknowable land within the air vanished as well.

However, not long after that spiritual light had vanished, the sky suddenly rumbled as yet another spiritual light actually shot into the air.

Yan Zhaoge’s pupils dilated. Now, outside of the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, another golden lamp which was exactly the same as the previous one flew into the air.

The golden firelight actually passed within the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, turning into a spiritual light which enveloped Huang Guanglie once more.

A pillar of light shot into the air, breaking through the sky once more!

That unknowable land and that figure that existed between the two worlds also appeared once more.

Enveloped by the radiance, Huang Guanglie roared, ready to move!

However, he suddenly felt the world dim above his head. Looking up, he saw Yan Zhaoge holding a small black incense burner as he stood beside the spiritual light, directly plunging his hand into it.

That vast, ethereal, infinitely mysterious spiritual light actually seemed to resemble a hundred plains being consumed by the sea now as it surged within that small black incense burner!

Yan Zhaoge looked down from above at Huang Guanglie, laughing, “When said that I would deal with you, I meant that I would deal with you. Just wait here obediently then.”