Chapter 494: Killing Two Birds With One Stone!

HSSB494: Killing two birds with one stone

This was the first time Yan Zhaoge was using the Mirror Dimensional Traversing Technique.

With the help of this secret technique, Yan Zhaoge stepped into the chaotic space, evading the final collapse of the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation on the Outer East Sea of the Eight Extremities World.

However, as soon as he stepped into the dimensional passageway, he was also sent out of the Eight Extremities World and transported elsewhere by the mirror-light.

Within the mirror-light, Yan Zhaoge currently didn’t have to do anything at all as the technique’s mechanism did all the work, sending him directly forth.

The space before him that appeared strange and indiscernible with its multi-coloured scenes and light made Yan Zhaoge think of back when he had travelled to the Floating Life World through the Ten Character Heavenly Rainbow.

Currently, he was headed to a whole new world.

Yan Zhaoge lowered his head and gazed at the Lofty Prestige Mirror in his hand. A profound rune appeared on its surface, faint bloodstains gradually appearing amidst its lines.

As these bloodstains merged with the mirror-light, they did not feel filthy or tainted, instead seeming as bright as crystals.

The mirror-light combined with the blood-light, vaguely drawing a path for Yan Zhaoge.

After a moment, the scenes before Yan Zhaoge’s eyes suddenly changed as his figure also came to a halt.

Before him were clear skies for ten thousand li, illuminated by bright sunlight all around. Below, however, was a jade sea. Just looking at it, one might think that they were still above the East Sea of the Eight Extremities World.

However, feeling the spiritual qi flow of this world that was different from that of the Eight Extremities World, Yan Zhaoge knew that while it was still an ocean that lay before him, he had already left the Eight Extremities World and come to a whole new world.

The mirror-light that enveloped Yan Zhaoge vanished. Turning back, that temporarily-formed dimensional passageway had also vanished without a trace.

Lowering his head and looking at the Lofty Prestige Mirror in his hand that had turned dim once more, Yan Zhaoge knew that it would be a period of time before it could be used again.

Before the Lofty Prestige Mirror had recovered, he would have no choice but to remain within this particular world.

“I only hope that the technique went right, with this being the Vast Ocean World. That being so, I would be able to look for senior apprentice-brother Xu and Little Jun’er in the meantime,” Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself as he kept the Lofty Prestige Mirror.

Before having parted ways with Xu Fei previously, Yan Zhaoge had specifically obtained some of his essence blood just so that he would be able to attempt locating the Vast Ocean World in the future.

No direct dimensional passageway existing between the Eight Extremities World and the Vast Ocean World, for the Mirror Dimensional Traversing Technique to lock down its coordinates, something would have to be relied on for that.

Ever since having returned to the Eight Extremities World from the Floating Life World, other than his usual cultivation as well as his preparations for dealing with the Earth Domain and the Flame Devils, Yan Zhaoge had spent his remaining time thinking of a way to bring Xu Fei as well as Shi Jun and his mother back.

He had been somewhat successful in this. However, due to the greatly volatile situation in the Eight Extremities World at the time, he had been unable to find time to go. Now, he had been able to come here with the effect of killing two birds with one stone.

However, this was also Yan Zhaoge’s first time using this secret technique, its effectiveness still having to be verified. If it was confirmed that this truly was the Vast Ocean World, this would make things much easier for him.

What Yan Zhaoge felt rather more regretful about was that although Yuan Zhengfeng had self-imploded his left arm back then, sending his second apprentice-uncle Fang Zhun and the Clear Qi Robe into safety and freedom, his essence blood had sadly all dispersed amidst the chaotic flows of space.

Back then, the situation was such that he had not been in time to leave behind any leads. Yan Zhaoge could only hope now that fortune resided with his blessed Grand Master.

Amidst his thoughts, Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned solemn once again as he retrieved his Shadow Shrinking Pouch.

Having let out Fu Enshu, Yan Zhaoge inhaled deeply, lifting her body with his true essence before infusing it into the various major acupoints of her body in an endless stream.

A few golden needles appeared within Yan Zhaoge’s hand once more, swiftly descending.

The golden needles pricked into Fu Enshu’s vital acupoints, flames gradually lighting up at their tips. The blue embers resembled flames on candles as they swayed unceasingly.

Yan Zhaoge extended his palm, reaching out towards those golden needles as the blue embers instantly grew even brighter.

After a long while, the blue embers at the tips of the golden needles gradually weakened, finally being extinguished.

Still, after the blue embers had been extinguished, the golden light of fire gradually arose.

Seeing the golden flames at the tip of the golden needles, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze gradually turned gloomy, “Heh, indeed the Sacred Sun Clan!”

Fu Enshu’s injuries were not light, the most grave of these having come from the aftershock of the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation sealing the East Sea.

Apart from that, there was also a small portion of her injuries which had been caused by the martial arts of the Sacred Sun Clan. From the looks of it, they had been inflicted before the injuries caused by the sealing force.

Connecting this with the Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster of the Sacred Sun Clan who had fallen amidst the chaotic flows of space alongside Fu Enshu, Yan Zhaoge gradually came to an understanding.

The two had most likely been swept up into things by those frenzied tides while in the midst of a battle.

At the final moment of the sealing, with the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation having already collapsed, external parties would be able to enter the formation’s grounds, though there were not many who would be able to withstand that terrifying sealing force.

Affected by the sealing force, the space had distorted and folded in on itself, everything congregating in the very centre of that spatial collapse. Fu Enshu and that Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster had therefore then been swept along all the way to that central region.

Yan Zhaoge flicked outwards, his true essence circulating as numerous bits of cold qi shot out of his fingers and landed on the golden needles, entering Fu Enshu’s body via them.

The golden light of fire at the tips of the golden needles gradually began to be extinguished.

While Fu Enshu had not yet awakened, her breathing was already beginning to calm as the colour had returned to her face.

Seeing that Fu Enshu’s condition was already stabilising, with her not being in any great danger, Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly.

However, he didn’t grow relaxed in the least.

Having come to the East Sea this time, Feng Yunsheng and Yin Liuhua should have been personally led by Fu Enshu.

Fu Enshu had met with an assault, with it being unknown to him what had happened to the two of them.

Fu Enshu’s opponent had been a longtime Elder of the Sacred Sun Clan of the same generation as Huang Guanglie and Pan Botai, already having been the Sacred Sun Clan’s Grand Elder and a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster for rather a long time.

While Fu Enshu had successfully broken through to the ninth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm, the late Essence Talisman stage, not long ago, the situation for her would still not be optimistic when facing such an opponent.

Under such circumstances, it should have been very hard for her to secure the safety of her two disciples.

Yan Zhaoge had already felt and found that there was no one at all within Fu Enshu’s Shadow Shrinking Pouch. In other words, she had been separated from her two disciples.

Whether it was the attack of a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster or that terrifying sealing force, there was no way that Feng Yunsheng and Yin Liuhua would have been able to resist them.

Lightly rubbing his temples, Yan Zhaoge exhaled slowly, “However things are, I will have to wait for senior apprentice-aunt Fu to wake up before asking about them.”

“The Sacred Sun Clan, heh!”

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes into slits, a cold light shooting out from within.

Calming his thoughts, he placed the slumbering, recuperating Fu Enshu back within his Shadow Shrinking Pouch before speeding away over the sea’s surface.

As he travelled, he also felt and adjusted to the spiritual qi flow of this world that he was currently in.

After carefully feeling it for a while, a hint of a smile gradually appeared at the corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth.

While the spiritual qi flow of this world was different from that of the Eight Extremities World, it was also extremely suitable for qi cultivators, being much more conducive for them than the Floating Life World was.

While he had not personally entered the Floating Life World, from his interactions with the martial practitioners of Changli Mountain and the Blood Dragon Sect, Yan Zhaoge could be certain that the standard of the Vast Ocean World’s martial practitioners was not low at all.

The spiritual qi flow of the Vast Ocean World would definitely be very conducive for qi cultivators.

This was especially true for this expanse of jade sea down below. Feeling the abundant water qi within and comparing it with his experiences from Jade Sea City of the Water Domain, generally calculating the tides, Yan Zhaoge was vaguely able to feel that the ocean here might be even vaster than that of the Eight Extremities World.

While he was unable to verify it, the geographical characteristics of this land raised Yan Zhaoge’s spirits somewhat, “While this was my first time using the Mirror Dimensional Traversing Technique, the result seems not to have been bad at all.”