Chapter 1004: The Imperious Embryonic Immortal Artifact

HSSB1004: The imperious embryonic Immortal Artifact

Yan Zhaoge actually felt that while the Nine Bends Yellow Formation and the Ladies of the Three Skies were powerful, their glorious battle achievements in the era of the Investiture of the Gods should mostly be attributed to that supreme treasure, the Chaotic Origin Golden Cup.

If not for the Chaotic Origin Golden Cup, it would have been impossible to fling so many bigwigs of legend within the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

Besides the one controlling it being the Ladies of the Three Skies, the reason for the might of the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation was its core Immortal Bewitching Pill and Secluded Immortal Mantra.

Rather awkwardly, refining the Immortal Bewitching Pill or agglomerating the Secluded Immortal Mantra could only be done by Immortals, being something mortals could not do.

As Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation base rose, he would naturally be able to exert more might when wielding the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

Still, without the Immortal Bewitching Pill and Secluded Immortal Mantra, its core effects would still ultimately not be achieved.

Moreover, the Royal Reed Sea lacked the necessary geographical conditions for the establishing of this formation.

Yan Zhaoge sat in the meditative position within a secluded chamber, a dark green bamboo cane appearing in his hand.

This was a unique weapon that Yan Zhaoge had forged himself, possessing miraculous effects in countering the weapons of others.

It was currently seven feet long with seven segments, being able to destroy mid-grade Sacred Artifacts with a single blow as high-grade Sacred Artifacts too were hard pressed to withstand it.

Only existences like the Extreme Yang Seal and the Extreme Yin Crown could barely withstand it. This was impossible even for the Evil Sword Taotie.

Still, it was not so awesome when used for hitting others.

Moreover, there was a gap between the mortal and the immortal. The heavenly gulf between these two realms existed between Sacred Artifacts and Immortal Artifacts as well.

While he had never attempted it before, Yan Zhaoge basically knew that the dark green bamboo cane would still not be able to break Immortal Artifacts when it was eight feet long, with eight segments.

While it might still be able to withstand one, it would probably have to be nine feet long and with nine segments for it to properly restrict Immortal Artifacts.

As for how to raise it from having eight feet and eight segments to having nine feet and nine segments, some complicated methods would be required.

This treasure would soon be facing its first real bottleneck.

Having surpassed this bottleneck, there would still be a long way to go.

The path would be difficult, but this did not mean that it could not be walked. It was just that for Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain, there were threats they presently faced which required strength urgently.

In comparison, the Extreme Yang Seal would finally be able to exert its true power for the first time.

When Yan Zhaoge ascended the Immortal Bridge, he would be able to wield its full power.

Amongst all Sacred Artifacts, this treasure was virtually something like a monarch.

“Still, just the Extreme Yang Seal alone is still insufficient…” Yan Zhaoge held the dark green bamboo cane with one hand, tapping down lightly on his other hand.

A moment later, he kept the dark green bamboo cane as space shook slightly above his head.

A massive palace appeared there, the roars of dragons vaguely resounding from within.

The door of the palace opened, revealing layers upon layers of space. Still, in the centre, at an unidentifiable distance, an inconspicuous-looking black metal wheel was hovering silently in the air.

It was none other than the Dim Radiant Wheel that Yan Zhaoge had obtained from the Dim Radiant Mausoleum.

This treasure still showed no reaction to Yan Zhaoge’s attempts to interact with it, seemingly remaining in a deep slumber.

Besides a temporary reaction in the Loathing Square Immortal Realm of the Immortal Court upon being stimulated by the martial dao of the Vast Yang Exalt Pei Hua of Vast Yang Palace’s direct lineage, the Dim Radiant Wheel had continually stayed in an ordinary and innocuous state.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge had never forgotten this treasure.

It was just that there might be a different significance behind this embryonic Immortal Artifact as things were not as simple as that.

As compared to clear, visible risks, the unknown called for more wariness and fear.

Also, Yan Zhaoge was still pondering on how to turn this treasure into a true Immortal Artifact.

Recalling the changes with the Dim Radiant Lamp back then and linking this with the relationship between it and the Dim Radiant Wheel, one would easily be able to guess that if there were twelve high-grade Sacred Artifacts like the Dim Radiant Lamp, the Dim Radiant Wheel would be completed.

When facing the attacks of high-grade Sacred Artifacts, the Dim Radiant Wheel would indeed still act passively by devouring them.

If it were twelve of these which delved into the concepts of light or dimness or those like the Dim Radiant Lamp in which light and dimness both existed, would the effects be better than if it were twelve random high-grade Sacred Artifacts?

“No, probably not…” Yan Zhaoge murmured to himself, “The Dim Radiant Wheel’s foundation is simply the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, with their concepts all originating from the same legacy.”

After pondering for a time, Yan Zhaoge retrieved an object.

It was a golden wheel whose surface circulated with light, resembling sunlight.

This was none other than the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Sun Moon Wheels, of the Radiant Light Sect of the Royal Reed Sea that year.

Still, while it had formerly consisted of a pair of sun and moon wheels, only the sun wheel remained as the moon wheel had long since been lost.

Yan Zhaoge hesitated slightly for a moment before retrieving something else.

It was another high-grade Sacred Artifact, a sabre.

It was the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre, which he had just obtained not long ago. It had originally belonged to Three Foot Mountain.

“It is a pity that the high-grade Sacred Artifact of the Vast Yang Exalt, Pei Hua, was destroyed by the Little Sword God Long Xueji. Otherwise, it would have been more suitable,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Still, if he had had his high-grade Sacred Artifact with him back then, I might not have been able to take him down.”

After analysing the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre for a time, Yan Zhaoge nodded satisfiedly, “It is indeed more of the blazing of the great sun rather than the concept of the light of the sun. Still, it has deeply grasped the profundities of the principles of the sun, still being suitable.”

It was not that he could not bear to part with this sun wheel.

Instead, he feared that without the moon wheel, possessing only the sun wheel as the Sacred Artifact was deficient, it might be unable to exert sufficient effects to verify his guesses.

The Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre was complete and without flaw, also being stronger than just the sun wheel alone.

After some consideration, Yan Zhaoge grabbed the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre, flinging it towards the Dim Radiant Wheel!

The sabre transformed into a blazing streak of golden flames, resembling the descent of the sun as it smashed down towards the Dim Radiant Wheel that seemed totally inconspicuous.

Sensing the hostility of the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre and the destructive power that it possessed as a high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Dim Radiant Wheel that had been silent all this while finally rumbled.

A stream of light shot out from one of its twelve slots, sweeping towards the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre.

The Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre jolted for a moment before the sunlight and flames dissipated completely and it regained its appearance as a sabre.

Next, this high-grade Sacred Artifact slowly flew towards the Dim Radiant Wheel on its own accord.

Some years back, the King Xuan Spear had nearly been captured by the Dim Radiant Wheel. It was just that Yan Zhaoge had stopped this from happening.

He did not make a move this time, instead just observing patiently.

Then, he saw the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre landing in a slot of the Dim Radiant Wheel.

The Dim Radiant Wheel ceased rumbling while the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre vanished as well.

After observing for a moment, Yan Zhaoge could not sense the Dim Radiant Wheel having become stronger or more complete.

Instead, sunlight was emitted from that slot which the Golden Sun World Incinerating Sabre had been sucked into.

Upon approaching it, Yan Zhaoge discovered that there seemed to be a whole universe within.

A Golden Crow was struggling unceasingly within, streaks of sunlight essence being drawn away by this universe.

Still, a moment later, this all ceased.

That Golden Crow seemed to have survived a major calamity, yet was still trapped within the space of that universe, unable to extricate itself.

“This is a phenomenon manifested from the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre after having been captured by the Dim Radiant Wheel. Yet, it has not been refined and absorbed by the Dim Radiant Wheel,” Yan Zhaoge pondered on this, “From how this went, it actually looks more like…”

It was like the Dim Radiant Wheel was disdainful of the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre, refusing to assimilate with it.

At this, Yan Zhaoge did not know whether to laugh or to cry.