Chapter 1003: Humans Versus Immortals

HSSB1003: Humans versus Immortals

It was within expectations that it was not Fu Ting who came.

The aftereffects from a trip to the Immortal Court were not to be underestimated.

Still, the visitor from Ingenious Flying Peak was still rather important, possessing the same seniority as the Brocade Emperor and the Grand Plainness Origin Lady Tao Yu.

After receiving the visitor together, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di exchanged looks.

It seemed that those of Ingenious Flying Peak were indeed not aware of the existence of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

Required pleasantries aside, it was regarding another matter that they had come.

It was about a matter with immense import.

To put it simply, news had returned from the Brocade Emperor who had left for extradimensional space following that previous battle with Mars Halberd.

The battle at Circumference Mountain where Yan Zhaoge had slain personal disciples of the Heaven Emperor and two longtime Elders of the Southern Exalt’s lineage was the most game-changing event in the World beyond Worlds in recent years.

When news was finally able to be transmitted smoothly, Ingenious Flying Peak would definitely inform the Brocade Emperor of it as soon as possible.

This was unrelated to how Fu Ting or Tao Yu felt about Yan Zhaoge, instead being a necessary thing.

Rather surprisingly, the Brocade Emperor soon sent a reply.

The contents of his reply also surpassed the predictions of many.

“He will quickly settle his matters on hand and try to return before the Heaven Emperor does. If the Heaven Emperor makes things difficult for us, he will then intervene?”

Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself before looking at his father, Yan Di, who was frowning slightly too.

The Brocade Emperor Fu Yunchi was a close acquaintance of the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie. Thus, when Cao Jie had been facing pressure from the Heaven Emperor, the Brocade Emperor had been willing to lend his assistance.

Still, it was hard to say if the Brocade Emperor might still make a move if the Heaven Emperor next targeted Broad Creed Mountain instead.

While Yan Zhaoge was on good terms with Fu Ting and the other disciples of Red Lotus Cliff, with the Brocade Emperor having also previously invited him and Yan Di to the Minor No Hatred dao arena as guests due to thinking rather highly of them, no one could be sure how this Emperor really saw Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain.

This was especially so when he might have to make an enemy out of another Emperor for the sake of standing up for Broad Creed Mountain.

After all, out of consideration for the stability of the global situation of the World beyond Worlds, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors seldom got into conflicts as they generally restricted one another most of the time.

If the Brocade Emperor knew of the existence of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, also being aware that it was in Yan Di’s possession, it would be easy to explain this then.

Previously, it would not have been that easy for Yan Zhaoge to obtain direct lineage martial arts of the Grand Clear lineage from Ingenious Flying Peak’s Red Lotus Cliff if he so wanted to.

While the supreme martial arts of the Jade Clear lineage that he possessed would be useful to the Brocade Emperor, they were not essential and necessary.

The current situation, however, was totally different.

Of the Five Cosmos Grand Manifestations, Ingenious Flying Peak’s lineage only lacked a supreme martial art of the manifestation of Grand Simplicity.

If they could gather the Five Cosmos Grand Manifestations, the significance of this for the Brocade Emperor and Ingenious Flying Peak was far more than just the acquisition of a single martial art.

It could be said that Ingenious Flying Peak might even be willing to exchange four other of these Earlier Heaven supreme martial arts for a single Taiyi Fist of Grand Simplicity.

Giving the Taiyi Fist in exchange for the Brocade Emperor making a move, obstructing the Heaven Emperor.

It possessed sufficient importance for him to do so.

“Could the Brocade Emperor have sensed the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud entering the World beyond Worlds from extradimensional space?” Yan Di frowned.

It was not so important that the Brocade Emperor knew. He was more concerned with how he had learnt about it, if that really was the case.

As the owner of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, Yan Di wanted to and also had to get to the bottom of relevant issues.

Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “This possibility does exist. Still, there are other possibilities too.”

What Ingenious Flying Peak said was that this was because the Yan father and son had gone to the Minor no Hatred dao arena by invitation of the Brocade Emperor who had failed to show up in the end.

An Emperor failing to show up at a meeting with two Seeing Divinity Martial Saints seemed like no big deal, actually.

Still, when Mars Halberd had attacked the Minor No Hatred dao arena, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di had been drawn into it for no rhyme or reason.

Afterwards, Yan Zhaoge had ended up in the Immortal Court along with Fu Ting, having helped each other in getting out of that predicament.

Yan Zhaoge had contributed greatly in Fu Ting having been able to quickly return from the Immortal Court.

Therefore, the Brocade Emperor was expressing his apologies and also gratitude with this.

These words did make sense.

While there still seemed to be a gap in their current positions, the Brocade Emperor had always been carefree, acting as he liked. This possibility did exist.

Still, it remained to be seen whether this was actually the case.

Yan Zhaoge did not intend to appraise a noble person with a petty person’s eye. Still, it was not his personality to place all hopes on success and failure and life and death on the character of another person.

The Brocade Emperor had left a very good impression on Yan Zhaoge up till now, and it was also true that he was carefree and acted as he liked.

Still, one would be wrong if they believed him to be a good guy who always helped people out with a warm smile on his face.

From appraising him, Yan Zhaoge could vaguely guess that the legacy of the Grand Clear lineage that the Brocade Emperor cultivated in was the path of Grand Forgetting Emotion.

Grand Forgetting Emotion did not leave one heartless, but the Brocade Emperor was definitely not a very emotional person like many believed him to be.

It was not for no reason that he had given birth to a daughter late, only having sired one single child.

That was likely due to the principles of the fifty positions of divination and amplification. Only forty-nine of them were used as the Grand Unity position was not used.

Fu Ting’s birth entailed that the Brocade Emperor’s phase of walking the countless meadows without getting stained by a single leaf had progressed to the point of obtaining merely a single vessel out of many, entailing that his cultivation base had become purer.

However, Yan Zhaoge could not predict what path the Brocade Emperor might be walking after this.

This would have a direct effect on the Brocade Emperor’s way of doing things.

Considering his current love and concern for Fu Ting, the situation was still rather optimistic.

Of course, Yan Zhaoge still had another guess.

It was also regarding the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, but not the Taiyi Fist.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Yan Di who understood what he meant, “We shall just wait and see.”

“We need to be tough ourselves in order to beat iron,” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “This is no reason for us to be slacking off.”

Yan Di said appreciatively, “That’s right.”

While the Brocade Emperor’s declaration was a pleasant surprise, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di definitely still had to raise their own abilities.

Trading the Taiyi Fist in exchange for the Brocade Emperor acting would likely succeed. Still, the father and son pair would not consider this unless it was utterly necessary.

Still, in seeking to face the threat that could come at any time, declaring their determination and yelling slogans were useless.

One needed to have actual plans.

Even as he cultivated diligently everyday, Yan Zhaoge was also unceasingly sorting out his thoughts.

Once one had traversed the boundary between mortals and Immortals and accomplished the realm of Leakless Immortals, they could no longer be harmed by the myriad arts of the mortal realm.

However powerful and capable Martial Saints were, they would still be unable to injure True Immortals with their own power.

The two would no longer be of the same level.

In order to resist Immortals, mortals would have to seek out a different path.

Of course, there were no absolutes in this world.

There was indeed a method that could allow Martial Saints to slay Immortals.

It was recorded in ancient history that four Human Exalts of the Prime Clear direct lineage had once joined forces in establishing the Immortal Executing Formation, successfully slaying a True Immortal.

This sufficiently displayed the high capabilities of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords and Immortal Executing Formation that could extinguish the myriad heavens.

Ever since ancient times, not relying on external objects, there was only this method through which Martial Saints had slain Immortals.

Still, the Immortal Executing Formation had long since been lost.

To the current Yan Zhaoge, this method was evidently of not much help too.

The Nine Bends Yellow River Formation was naturally good. The effects that it was most famous for were how it could dwindle the minds of Immortals as well as disperse their souls, trap their forms, damage their qi, dispel their cores and harm their bodies.

Still, without the core Immortal Bewitching Pill and Secluded Immortal Mantra, one would not be able to do anything to Emperor-level experts with it.