Chapter 1002: The Momentum Lies With Me, I Am Unstoppable

HSSB1002: The momentum lies with me, I am unstoppable

When Yan Zhaoge said that time was running out, it did not merely refer to the matter with the Heaven Emperor.

The Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen now truly had irreconcilable enmity with Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain.

Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope’s lineage had a total of three ninth level Martial Saints.

‘Treasured Branch Suppressing Peak’ Zhang Shuren, ‘Blazing King’ Peng He, and ‘Phoenix Crying Southern Territory’ Mao Yuansheng.

In the end, two of them had been slain by Yan Zhaoge. Adding on ‘Phoenix Pupils’ Yuan Xiancheng who was comparable to a ninth level Martial Saint, over half of the peak experts of Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope had perished at the battle at Circumference Mountain.

While one might say that Wutong Slope would never fall so long as the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen was still around, it had still suffered a great blow to its vitality this time.

It was even the case that Zhuang Shen’s own son, Zhuang Chaohui, had been killed by Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge had rampaged through the south and slain or wounded countless martial practitioners there. As the lord of the south, it was definitely impossible for Zhuang Shen to let this go so easily.

Currently, he was in a state where no news could get to him. Still, after he received the news, he would probably be murderously charging over to the southeast.

“I will probably need to study your Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud more in recent days,” Yan Zhaoge said.

Yan Di said, “This is only natural. Whether you can ascend the Immortal Bridge currently depends entirely on how much you can gain from the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.”

“This treasure possesses miraculous uses. I benefited greatly from it in having been able to attain new heights within such a short time.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “With your talents and your connection to this Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, you will probably have more gains in the days ahead.”

Yan Di said, “I feel much the same way. Still, it is still a bit too early to speak like this now.”

Father and son immediately sat across from each other, entering the meditative position.

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud above Yan Di’s head bloomed like a lotus, its petals flickering with specks of radiance that were incomparably profound.

Yan Zhaoge raised a hand, a Taiji diagram appearing on the centre of his palm.

The Taiji diagram circulated, all things returning to nothingness as resonance was gradually formed with the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud above Yan Di’s head.

Besides the Taiji Yin Yang Palm, the phenomenon of chaos gradually manifested in the acupoints of Yan Zhaoge’s entire body.

The Peerless Heavenly Scripture that was his foundation began circulating as well.

There were some commonalities in the principles of the Jade Clear lineage’s Peerless Heavenly Scripture and the Grand Clear lineage’s Taiyi Fist of Grand Simplicity.

Meanwhile, as Yan Zhaoge simultaneously cultivated in the Three Purities with the various supreme martial arts all merged into one, less effort was required for him to comprehend the principles of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud at this moment.

Beneath the heavens, besides the owner of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, Yan Di, there was probably only the Brocade Emperor who might be comparable to Yan Zhaoge in terms of his speed in comprehending this Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

“Pretty unique, and its connection to father is rather profound and mysterious too. Still…”

As Yan Zhaoge was comprehending and cultivating in this, Yan Di was also cultivating quietly.

At this moment, due to Yan Di’s Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, Yan Zhaoge came into contact with the concept of his martial dao somewhat.

At this, his heart jolted slightly.

The true intent of Yan Di’s martial dao was pure and refined, domineering to the extreme.

This martial true intent only belonged to Yan Di himself, seeming as though it had no direct relation to whatever martial art he cultivated in.

This was the case for the Clear Qi Profound Art as well as the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures.

Yan Zhaoge believed that even if Yan Di had cultivated in martial arts of the Grand Clear lineage, the sword dao of the Prime Clear lineage or even devilish martial arts ever since young, things would still not be much different from how they were now.

Whether it was sabre arts, sword arts, spear arts, palm arts, fist arts or rod arts etcetera, it would ultimately still be the same.

When others cultivated in martial arts, they cultivated in them in order to raise their own strength.

When Yan Di cultivated in martial arts, it seemed as though whatever martial art he cultivated in, it would still result in a concept unique to him.

That unstoppable momentum of his resembled the splitting of the heavens and earth to its ultimate destruction with the circulation of the ultimate principles of all creation, presiding over all the other martial arts that he currently cultivated in and ruling over them as he advanced.

The momentum lies with me, I am unstoppable.

Not cultivating in the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, even not cultivating in the Clear Qi Profound Art which had been a peak art of the Eight Extremities World, cultivating in some casual backward martial art would still not have been able to impede Yan Di’s accomplishments.

In that case, while Yan Di’s upper limit might have been restricted, his lower limit would still have been very high.

Besides he himself who cultivated in the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, Yan Zhaoge had never met anyone else with this same unique disposition.

No mere dweller of the pond, seeing the clouds does a dragon soar.

Also, as Yan Di’s cultivation base rose, this sort of situation was becoming increasingly evident.

Normally speaking, the higher one’s cultivation base, the more difficult it would be for them to advance as the time they had to spend would be much greater.

At the Martial Saint realm, any random bottleneck could stop a martial practitioner for decades, perhaps even a lifetime.

Talented geniuses advanced with a fiercer momentum, improving more quickly.

Yet, a rate of improvement like Yan Di’s still rendered one gaping and tongue-tied.

His cultivation resembled his sabre, unstoppable and sweeping through all obstacles.

In this process, that rampant martial concept of his was manifested increasingly greatly, becoming clearer, purer and more refined.

Yan Zhaoge had sensed that it had been more powerful when Yan Di had first attained the Seeing Divinity stage than when he had Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood.

Now, after he had attained the Immortal Bridge stage, it was more refined then when he had just attained the Seeing Divinity stage.

It was just that this caused Yan Zhaoge to feel much like he was getting to the bottom of a mystery.

Yan Zhaoge had already had some guesses when Yan Di had first accomplished the Seeing Divinity stage.

Sensing the true intent of Yan Di’s martial dao now that he was at the Immortal Bridge stage, Yan Zhaoge felt that his guesses from back then seemed to now have been verified.

It was just that they were somewhat inconceivable, leaving even him puzzled.

What interested him even more was: Just how had this been accomplished?

Yan Zhaoge appeared to be in deep thought as he looked at the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud above Yan Di’s head.

This cultivation session for the two of them was not something that could be finished quickly.

Yan Zhaoge would need a long time to slowly decipher and comprehend the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

In order to have more time, Yan Zhaoge would even often head to the Vast Ocean World where the time flow was faster than in the World beyond Worlds to cultivate in a quiet, peaceful environment.

The rest of the Royal Reed Sea was basically already subordinate to Broad Creed Mountain now. While Broad Creed Mountain did not expand and just stayed quietly there, the other powers still dared not overlook its existence.

During this period of time, two things that Yan Zhaoge was rather more concerned with happened.

Firstly, news had come back from Feng Yunsheng after more than two years of adventuring outside.

Sadly, it was not good news for Yan Zhaoge.

Due to some discoveries, Feng Yunsheng had headed into extradimensional space.

Whether she would meet fortune or calamity and when she might return were all totally unknown.

“This just doesn’t feel right! Isn’t it usually the husband adventuring far away outside, with the wife silently awaiting at home, praying for him?” Yan Zhaoge smiled wryly within his heart.

Of course he knew that for Feng Yunsheng who wanted to temper herself, this was a necessary path. Thus, he could only sigh bitterly to himself and entertain himself with such thoughts.

The second matter that Yan Zhaoge was rather more concerned with was that a guest had arrived from Ingenious Flying Peak.

Yan Zhaoge felt this to be quite strange. Him included, there were only a mere few people from Broad Creed Mountain who knew about Yan Di having obtained the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud. Ingenious Flying Peak would definitely have had no way of learning about it.