Chapter 1006: Ten Great Sacred Artifacts

HSSB1006: Ten great Sacred Artifacts

The Extreme Yang Scripture had originated from Vast Yang Palace’s Vast Yang Scripture.

Still, having been developed and refined by some legendary bigwigs who were geniuses of their times, also having referenced the likes of the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture, the current Extreme Yang Scripture that had achieved major completion could be said to have surpassed it.

The Vast Yang Scripture and the Golden Crow World Incinerating Scripture could not satisfy the needs of the Dim Radiant Wheel that had been forged by the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia.

Still, the Extreme Yang Scripture could.

Still, as it refined and integrated the concept of the Extreme Yang Scripture, the Dim Radiant Wheel was also unceasingly absorbing all the radiance of the sun manifested of Yan Zhaoge’s true essence.

Since it could even refine high-grade Sacred Artifacts, the essence and qi it required would definitely be crazily high.

Many Immortal Bridge Martial Saints whose martial arts were not renowned for their abundant true essences would virtually be sucked dry by the Dim Radiant Wheel.

This was an Immortal Artifact, a treasure that could only be refined by an Immortal in the first place.

There was a gap between mortals and immortals. Even though the Dim Radiant Emperor had already established a foundation, what would come next was not something that any ordinary person might be able to do.

Even with Yan Zhaoge’s strength, he could feel a large amount of his true essence just ebbing away.

The depletion was even greater than when he had previously fought with that late Immortal Bridge Martial Saint longtime Elder of Wutong Slope, Zhang Shuren.

With a tranquil expression on his face, he quietly circulated his vigorous true essence and his breathing, constantly supplying power to the Dim Radiant Wheel in an endless stream.

A glow was emitted from one of the slots of the black metal wheel which grew increasingly brighter.

The black wheel which usually looked simple and innocuous as no sound resounded from it whatsoever gradually emanated a momentous feeling at this moment!

Extremely hot, blazing radiance filled the space within the Myriad Dragon Palace, resembling the large, actual sun.

“I believe that this slot corresponds to the sixth of the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, extreme Yang,” Yan Zhaoge thought.

The Wilderness Devouring Art could devour the strength of other people.

Meanwhile, the art of extreme Yang of the legacy of the Dim Radiant Sect mainly drew out on the majestic intent of the sun, guarding the righteous and avoiding the immoral so as to stabilise itself.

It contained an external combat technique that attacked in wide, aboveboard movements, offence and defence both in one.

However, it was most renowned for its inner cultivation technique with sunlight illuminating all as no evil could encroach, one’s mind being safeguarded.

When cultivating normally, there would be a greater efficiency. At the same time, it would be able to resist those sinister bewitching arts that were used on the mind as well.

This technique was currently inscribed on the Dim Radiant Wheel. This treasure could thus suppress evil and filth, specifically restricting those sinister means.

Yan Zhaoge appraised the Dim Radiant Wheel in a new light at this moment, “My hypothesis was right. In that case, when this Dim Radiant Wheel reaches its peak, the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts manifesting, it will be able to exert twelve different functions on its own!”

Also, all of them would be refined rather than insubstantial.

This would be the case if it was completed according to the intentions of the Dim Radiant Emperor, Yin Tianxia.

“The Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia was really someone with novel thoughts indeed,” Yan Zhaoge clicked his tongue in praise, “If he had not died young, his fame would surely be far greater than how it is now.”

Of course, this was with an underlying assumption.

Yan Zhaoge could not be clearer on the fact that if Yin Tianxia had not died and he sought to improve, there was first a problem which he would have to face.

His Dim Radiant Twelve Arts had connections with the true intent of peerless infinity.

Meanwhile, the first scripture of the Jade Clear lineage’s Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, would be weighing down on him like a mountain, blocking his path so that it was incomparably narrow, with each step being difficult to take.

Unless Yin Tianxia obtained the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, it would be far more difficult for him to continue advancing than for others.

He might even be stuck in the Leakless Immortal realm for the rest of his life as a result.

The concept and path of the Dim Radiant Wheel might be a form of consideration and attempt by Yin Tianxia with regard to his own path.

Could he not know that the path he had chosen was an extremely tough one?

Yan Zhaoge believed that he had known it.

And yet, Yin Tianxia had still chosen this path.

While it was difficult with hope ephemeral, he was still constantly attempting to break free of the restrictions on him, seeking an effective method.

“Peerless infinity…” Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself.

He had previously cultivated primarily in the last of the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts.

This art was none other than peerless infinity.

Yan Zhaoge’s initial rationale for this was making use of the Dim Radiant Sect’s art of peerless infinity to conceal his foundation of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

According to Yin Tianxia’s rationale in forging the Dim Radiant Wheel, he would naturally have hoped to absorb an art of peerless infinity that was superior to the Dim Radiant Sect’s too.

Ever since ancient times, beneath the myriad heavens, which lineages which analysed the true intent of peerless infinity surpassed the Peerless Heavenly Scripture?

As the Dim Radiant Wheel refined the concept of the Extreme Yang Scripture with the sun wheel as an intermediary, a pattern which represented the art of extreme Yang was inscribed on it even as Yan Zhaoge’s true essence also flowed away in great amounts.

He vaguely felt drained of strength just like when he had still been in the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, following his battle with the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide.

To Yan Zhaoge who possessed numerous supreme martial arts and vigorous true essence and had a rapid qi returning speed, this was an extremely rare situation.

Still, the results were soon visible as well.

Yan Zhaoge retracted his palm as the Dim Radiant Wheel before him gradually regained its normalcy.

It was just that one of the slots of the black metal wheel currently emitted mild, calm sunlight.

The concept within was not completely the same as that of the Extreme Yang Scripture.

In terms of foundation, it was still the concept of the sixth art of the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, extreme Yang.

Atop its original foundation, however, it was more profound as well as refined.

Yan Zhaoge felt comforted by the fact that as he approached the Dim Radiant Wheel again now, this treasure showed a faint reaction as it no longer seemed to be in a deep slumber as it had previously.

“From this moment onwards, I have truly formed a connection with this Dim Radiant Wheel. This can be considered as me officially beginning to refine this treasure from where the Dim Radiant Emperor left off,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, retrieving another object.

This was the Five Phoenix Fan, a high-grade Sacred Artifact which had originally belonged to Wutong Slope’s ‘Phoenix Pupils’ Yuan Xiancheng.

After Yuan Xiancheng had died, this Sacred Artifact had fallen into Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

When martial practitioners fought, their weapons being damaged was not uncommon.

Still, Yan Zhaoge’s dark green bamboo cane was extremely well-endowed in capturing the treasures and weapons of others.

In the battle of Circumference Mountain, beneath the effects of the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, besides those three late Immortal Bridge Martial Saints, those other enemies had basically been defeated without a fight.

Thus, even as Yan Zhaoge had seen great battle achievements from rampaging across the southern Blazing Heaven Territory this time, he had also gained quite a lot, acquiring countless spoils of war.

Not including those killed in the Daoist temple, even only considering those starting from the Endless Mountain Range of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, he had still slain over ten Immortal Bridge Martial Saints of the south throughout.

Due to the deficiency of materials, high-grade Sacred Artifacts were hard to come by. Many Martial Saint experts who had ascended the Immortal Bridge could only continue to use mid-grade Sacred Artifacts.

Fortunately, his foes in the battles at Vast Spirit Mountain and Circumference Mountain had not been weak as they had possessed abundant wealth.

In the end, seven people, including Daoist East Spring, Zhao Zhen, Yuan Xiancheng, Zhang Shuren, Peng He, Daoist Leading Mist and Qing Shuzi had each provided Yan Zhaoge with good war spoils.

Besides them, before the battle at Vast Spirit Mountain, as Yan Zhaoge had rampaged over to the Endless Mountain Range, he had also killed countless martial practitioners of the south, obtaining two high-grade Sacred Artifacts.

Adding on Three Foot Mountain’s Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre which he had obtained at the Daoist temple, he had netted a total of ten high-grade Sacred Artifacts this time!