Chapter 1005: Dim Radiant Twelve Arts

HSSB1005: Dim Radiant Twelve Arts

The Dim Radiant Wheel was not disdainful of the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre itself.

Instead, it was disdainful of the concept contained within this Sacred Artifact.

In other words, it was disdainful of the Golden Crow World Incinerating Scripture.

To be fair, though, the Golden Crow World Incinerating Scripture was a fairly profound martial art.

If the Golden Crow World Incinerating Scripture was not okay, the Vast Yang Scripture of Vast Yang Palace was most likely not okay as well.

The Dim Radiant Sect’s own comprehensions of the principles of light of the sun were not okay too.

Under such circumstances, how was the Dim Radiant Wheel qualified to be so arrogant?

“What it wants are supreme martial arts which surpass it,” Yan Zhaoge realised, “The Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia was ambitious indeed. What he wanted was advancing upwards throughout, always aiming higher.”

“Therefore, the Dim Radiant Wheel is attempting to assimilate with martial arts with concepts more profound than those of the Dim Radiant Sect. With that, it will be incomparably powerful on the day success truly comes.”

It was not that it definitely had to surpass the martial dao of the Dim Radiant Sect in all areas.

The Dim Radiant Sect’s martial arts were varied and all-encompassing. They had been sorted out and categorised by Yin Tianxia into many categories that touched on many principles.

The dao of the light of the sun was simply one of those.

So long as a martial art was superior to the martial arts of the Dim Radiant Sect in the dao of the light of the sun, the Dim Radiant Wheel would be interested in it.

The sole exception was the Dim Radiant Lamp that belonged to Yin Tianxia himself.

This Sacred Artifact had been used to establish the basic foundation for the Dim Radiant Wheel.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the universe within the slot of the black metal wheel and pondered for a time before retrieving another item.

This was a sword which rippled with lustrous light and flickered with purple radiance. The sound of tides vaguely resounded from within as it was like the vast, mighty sea was merged with it.

This was the Purple Sea Sword of the Purple Tide Sword Sect that had belonged to the ‘Purple Tide Swordsman’ Zhao Zhen, their Chief. He had come from the Bright Connection Sea to assist Wutong Slope’s Yuan Xiancheng, yet had been slain by Yan Zhaoge instead at Vast Spirit Mountain. His high-grade Sacred Artifact had thus naturally fallen to Yan Zhaoge.

During that great battle, this sword had nearly been broken by Yan Zhaoge.

There were still multiple cracks running down its length as it was as if it might break into several segments at any moment if one were not careful enough.

Still, its vast, mighty sword-intent remained majestic.

With a flicking motion of Yan Zhaoge’s hand, the Purple Sea Sword transformed into a streak of light, flying towards the Dim Radiant Wheel as well.

In the end, just like the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre, it was devoured by a slot on the Dim Radiant Wheel.

This time, Yan Zhaoge discovered a problem.

While the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre and the Purple Sea Sword had not been devoured into the same slot, they both seemed to have gone to the same place.

Multiple purple tides of the sea surged within the slot where the Golden Crow had been earlier, instantly transforming into an ocean.

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a while before realising, “This is the slot where the Dim Radiant Lamp was devoured in the Dim Radiant Mausoleum back then.”

After observing carefully for some time longer, he saw the purple waves manifested of the Purple Sea Sword rising and ebbing, appearing very normal.

The strange part was that the universe within this slot did not draw away the essence of the great purple sea like it had done with the essence of the sunlight of the Golden Crow earlier.

It was not that it was disdainful of it. Instead, it showed no reaction at all.

On seeing this scene, Yan Zhaoge completely understood it all.

The sword-intent of the Purple Sea Sword and the sword-qi of the Purple Tide Sword Sect which manifested as a purple sea delved into the profundities of the vast, mighty sea.

Meanwhile, this was not within the range of martial arts of the Dim Radiant Sect.

Although Yin Tianxia had sought to collect martial scriptures from all around to improve his own in forging the Dim Radiant Wheel, he had never intended to expand blindly.

The legacy of the Dim Radiant Sect’s martial arts was already extremely refined with his efforts. There was no need to continue branching out as the point was to continue improving ceaselessly.

The purple sea of sword-qi was unnecessary for the Dim Radiant Wheel.

Thus, while the Purple Sea Sword had been ‘devoured’, in truth, the Dim Radiant Wheel had never planned on doing anything to it at all.

This was unlike the Golden Crow World Incinerating Sabre, which it had tried before giving up on.

So in that case, what martial concepts were the Dim Radiant Wheel interested in?

Yin Tianxia’s Dim Radiant Twelve Arts actually already hinted at this.

The former Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect had both been of the Dim Radiant Sect’s orthodox tradition, just that their legacies had been deficient due to various reasons.

The martial scriptures of the two sects had actually originated from those of the Dim Radiant Sect.

Primordial darkness, the absence of light, dim brightness, illusory light, illuminating light…

Extreme Yang with similar principles to the Golden Crow World Incinerating Scripture and the Vast Yang Scripture and the opposing force of Extreme Yin.

All these made up the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts.

Although Yin Tianxia had perished at a young age, his talents and genius had still shocked the world.

“Whether it will absorb and refine the concept contained within a Sacred Artifact is one thing,” Yan Zhaoge muttered itself, “Whether it will collect the Sacred Artifact itself is another thing altogether.”

“These two are actually independent. While the latter services the former, providing it a foundation, the two are actually unrelated.”

Realising this point, Yan Zhaoge gained a hypothesis.

He cultivated in the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, though primarily just the last of them.

As for the earlier arts, the eleventh was called Wilderness Devouring.

If a martial practitioner cultivated in this art, they would be able to absorb the strength of their enemies.

This concept might be the reason why the Dim Radiant Wheel had been devouring other Sacred Artifacts.

Yan Zhaoge observed the slot that was manifested as a universe and bore the Purple Sea Sword and Golden Crow World Devouring Sabre after they had been devoured.

“If each slot does not correspond to a high-grade Sacred Artifact, instead corresponding with one of the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, this slot should correspond to the eleventh art, Wilderness Devouring.”

Fingering the exterior of the Dim Radiant Wheel, Yan Zhaoge thought, “This art is the foundation of the Dim Radiant Wheel that the Dim Radiant Emperor established with the Dim Radiant Lamp.”

Absorbing the Dim Radiant Lamp had not been accomplished by the Wilderness Devouring art, instead having been caused by the mechanism for the forging of the Immortal Artifact established by the Dim Radiant Emperor at the start.

The capturing of the other Sacred Artifacts would have been caused by the Wilderness Devouring art that had already been inscribed on the Dim Radiant Wheel.

In the many long years thereafter, even if Yin Tianxia himself died, the Dim Radiant Wheel would still have the possibility of growth.

The growth of the Dim Radiant Wheel would be accomplished by the addition of various martial arts that would allow the legacy of the Dim Radiant Sect to reach a whole new level as the Immortal Artifact was further refined, being unrelated to the high-grade Sacred Artifacts themselves.

With that, when the Dim Radiant Wheel was completed, its Dim Radiant Twelve Arts would all have attained new heights.

The Dim Radiant Wheel would also be vastly superior.

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before extending a palm towards the slot that represented the Wilderness Devouring art.

The Golden Crow World Incinerating Art could not cut it, and it was the same for the Vast Yang Scripture too.

Still, he should give it a go with the Extreme Yang Scripture.

Yan Zhaoge did not intend to send the Extreme Yang Seal within as he simply projected the concept of the Extreme Yang Seal with his true essence.

The Dim Radiant Wheel showed no reaction at first.

It was no different from when Yan Zhaoge had previously experimented by infusing his true essence within countless times.

Yan Zhaoge retracted his palm before considering for a moment. He grabbed the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Sun Moon Wheels, next abruptly smashing it towards the Dim Radiant Wheel.

This time, the black metal wheel finally reacted, light flying out from a slot that swept along the sun wheel.

Yan Zhaoge did not resist this but did not let go as well as he gripped the sun wheel, making use of this chance to send his palm in as well.

At the same time, he circulated the techniques of the Extreme Yang Scripture.

The next moment, glorious sunlight flickered amidst the illusory space of the universe as a great amount of the essence of sunlight was sucked and absorbed unceasingly by a formless existence!