Chapter 1016: Unprecedented Event In The Royal Reed Sea

HSSB1016: Unprecedented event in the Royal Reed Sea

Yan Zhaoge’s mother, Xue Chuqing, was secretly a wanted fugitive in some parts of the World beyond Worlds.

While she might not be a wanted fugitive for sure, there were many who wanted to find her.

This was mainly in the central Jun Heaven Territory, the eastern Vast Heaven Territory, the northwestern Dim Heaven Territory and the western Turtle Heaven Territory.

Now that they knew that Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di might be related to Xue Chuqing, they had acquired an extremely powerful clue in their search for her.

Therefore, Zhuang Shen was confident of inviting the Eastern Exalt, Daoist Oneheaven, and the Northwestern Exalt, Lian Zulin, to provide their assistance.

Still, as Zhuang Shen mentioned the name of the Northwestern Exalt, he looked over at Lang Qing.

Generally speaking, the relationships between the eight Territories of the World beyond Worlds aside from the central Jun Heaven Territory were not all that harmonious for the neighbouring Territories.

Adding up all the major and minor conflicts, even if they did not culminate into irreconcilable enmity, things would still be extremely tense between them.

It was just that while some could be suppressed, others would gradually rise to the surface.

This was not just manifested in the relationship between the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory and the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

The relationships between the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory and eastern Vast Heaven Territory, the eastern Vast Heaven Territory and the northeastern Sky Heaven Territory and the northeastern Sky Heaven Territory and the northern Profound Heaven Territory were all not that good.

Similarly, there were also many conflicts between the western Turtle Heaven Territory and the northwestern Dim Heaven Territory.

The Western Exalt Lang Qing had a composed expression on his face, “She and I share a similar opinion on the matter of Hu Yuexin’s descendant, at least.”

“It is precisely for this that you will be inviting her this time. I trust that she will not refuse.”

Zhuang Shen nodded, “That’s good then.”

He had previously held a neutral stance towards Xue Chuqing’s matter. If the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors did not give a definite order, he would ignore things with her.

Now that Zhuang Shen had vaguely sensed the relationship between Yan Zhaoge and Xue Chuqing, however, Zhuang Shen’s stance regarding this matter had naturally changed.

“Although we have no actual proof, my guess that Yan Zhaoge is related to Hu Yuexin’s descendant should not be wrong,” Zhuang Shen asked, “That being the case, should I invite Elder Wang to act?”

Lang Qing shook his head, “While he may be able to give us some extra leeway, it is unknown if he would personally act.”

Zhuang Shen raised his head slightly, slowly exhaling, “When the Immortal Artifact within the Dim Radiant Mausoleum ended up in the hands of that Yan Zhaoge back then and the news spread, he did not make a move. This makes it hard to tell if he would act now.”

Regretful looks appeared on the faces of the Wutong Slope martial practitioners behind him.

The ‘Elder Wang’ that Zhuang Shen and Lang Qing spoke of referred to none other than the Earth Exalt, Wang Zhengcheng!

He was the lord of the central Jun Heaven Territory, one of those who stood at the peak of all the Martial Saints of the World beyond Worlds.

More importantly, Wang Zhengcheng acted according to the will of the Earthly Sovereign most of the time.

“No matter,” Zhuang Shen’s gaze was deep as an abyss as he slowly said, “We will contact Daoist Oneheaven and Fellow Daoist Lian.”

Lang Qing said, “We need to communicate with the others too, making some appropriate concessions when necessary lest others cause trouble in our domains when we head southeast.”

Zhuang Shen nodded, slowly saying, “Since that is so, let us wait for the Heaven Emperor to return to the World beyond Worlds.”

“When we left seclusion, the Heaven Emperor and the Brocade Emperor too became able to free themselves from extradimensional space. The Heaven Emperor has long since known of the deaths of Qing Shuzi and Daoist Leading Mist. While the Brocade Emperor arrived quickly, the Heaven Emperor will probably not be that much slower than him.”

Zhuang Shen turned to look in the direction of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, “Grand opening ceremony? It just happens that we managed to make it in time. Since that is so, we will come over to give you some congratulations on that day.”

……

Broad Creed Mountain quickly learnt the news that the Southern Exalt had finally returned to the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

This was because the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie similarly returned to the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

After learning of the various events which had transpired, the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie felt them to be rather out of his expectations.

Still, he quickly made the relevant arrangements.

Cao Jie expressed a definite stance regarding Broad Creed Mountain’s opening ceremony. He would be coming personally to attend it.

With that, Broad Creed Mountain and Golden Court Mountain both understood that the Southeastern Exalt would be giving Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain his full support.

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge and the others learnt from Cao Jie that the Brocade Emperor Fu Yunchi had already returned from extradimensional space in recent days, returning to the World beyond Worlds.

News was transmitted from Kunlun Mountain’s Ingenious Flying Peak’s Red Lotus Cliff, confirming this as fact.

The news that the Heaven Emperor had yet to return with the Brocade Emperor possibly having returned first instead caused most people to inwardly heave a sigh of relief.

After thanking the guest from Ingenious Flying Peak, Yan Zhaoge went on with his preparations neither hurriedly nor slowly.

“From the looks of it, after experiencing a peak, the conflict between the Immortal Court and Buddhism has gradually regained stability,” Yan Zhaoge thought, “Bar any major incidences, a hundred years should pass before the next peak occurs.”

A hint of gloominess flickered within Yan Zhaoge’s gaze.

With the end of the all-out battle between the Immortal Court and the blessed lands, the conflict between the two sides was transitioning to merely one of normal tensions.

With that, the Immortal Court might be able to spare more attention for the World beyond Worlds.

The negative aftereffects from him having obtained the Dim Radiant Wheel might gradually begin to show.

Not considering the distant Immortal Court, the stances of the bigwigs of the World beyond Worlds who were close at hand were already hard to grasp for certain now.

The door of the Myriad Dragon Palace which hovered above Yan Zhaoge’s head opened, the space blurry within.

Now, a completely transparent silhouette appeared, next gradually turning clear till finally a huge black metal wheel appeared.

Of the twelve slots on the wheel, nine of them were currently flickering with either bright or dim light, rotating along with the wheel.

While it looked ordinary, those concepts contained within were vigorous and tyrannical to the extreme.

Because it had yet to be completely refined, it would still not be easy to draw on its power.

Even so, however, there was momentous power within that one would really sigh at.

This was precisely the Dim Radiant Wheel.

After a long time, this treasure was already much more refined than before as it unceasingly worked towards grand completion.

It had already long since stopped completely ignoring Yan Zhaoge like it had in the past. While it was impossible for it to be as acute as Sacred Artifacts, Yan Zhaoge had already gradually gained a strong mental connection with it.

Yan Zhaoge was setting the three remaining slots aside for the time being.

His cultivation base was still low at the present moment. While he was proficient in the forging of artifacts, the time was still not ripe for it to be completely refined into an Immortal Artifact.

Still, going by his original plan, this was already enough.

With a complete Immortal Artifact not being achieved, there was not much of an actual difference between nine slots and eleven slots in his plan.

Keeping a few high-grade Sacred Artifacts would be beneficial to raising the combat power of he and his sect.

Before Broad Creed Mountain’s official opening ceremony, the Ten Exalts had already returned from Kunlun Mountain as the Brocade Emperor had also managed to return from extradimensional space.

While the Brocade Emperor had come back a little earlier, the Heaven Emperor would probably not be much far behind as he would likely be returning before their opening ceremony too.

While the Southern Exalt had not stirred ever since returning, Yan Zhaoge did not believe that he would let things go just like that.

Everyone might just be awaiting the arrival of that single day together.

It would be an unprecedented event in the Royal Reed Sea.