Chapter 1028: Palm Pressuring Heaven Earth Suppressing Fiery Phoenix

HSSB1028: Palm pressuring heaven earth suppressing fiery phoenix

Lian Zulin stared fixatedly at Yan Di.

Everyone else directed their gazes at that sabre-wielding figure too.

Even Lang Qing, Zhuang Shen and the other Exalts who were still in the midst of battle divided some of their attention to that part of the battlefield.

Yan Zhaoge had shocked the world in the battles at Vast Spirit Mountain and Circumference Mountain that year.

If one were to say that Yan Zhaoge’s strength was difficult to accurately measure due to the unique nature of the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, in the battle at Vast Spirit Mountain, Yan Zhaoge had definitely repelled Zhang Shuren and Yuan Xiancheng as a Seeing Divinity Martial Saint, having even beaten Yuan Xiancheng into successive nirvanic rebirths in the process.

Daoist East Spring and Zhao Zhen of the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm had even been slain by Yan Zhaoge on the spot.

Such achievements in battle were shocking indeed.

Having possessed such strength at the Seeing Divinity stage, now that he had ascended the Immortal Bridge, just how would his martial prowess be?

Everyone had a general consensus regarding Yan Zhaoge’s mighty strength.

Still, Yan Di’s strength similarly caused everyone to sigh in admiration now.

“His sabre intent is very strange, a little like…a little like…” Gazing at Yan Di, Lang Qing seemed to have apprehended something for a moment, but it was gone in a flash, “And that auspicious cloud above his head too. That is…”

Lian Zulin seemed to have thought of something too. Still, her brows were tightly knit as she felt as if she was trying to gaze past a thick fog.

Whatever she was thinking, however, brandishing his Heavenly Dragon Sabre, Yan Di was already striding forth in attack once more!

This time, Lian Zulin raised her caution to the utmost.

At this moment, she had completely placed Yan Di on the same level as her, treating him like another Human Exalt.

It was as if the person she was battling with was not a mid Immortal Bridge Martial Saint but a figure like Cao Jie and Liu Zhenggu.

She had not known the sharpness of Yan Di’s sabre arts earlier, much less having expected the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud’s existence. She had intended to make use of the viciousness of her Bright Red Yin Yang Change to take care of Yan Di within a short period of time.

In the end, however, it was she who had nearly been overturned in that short exchange.

Lian Zulin had learnt from her mistake now as she fought stably and seriously.

As a Human Exalt who had accomplished her fame many years ago, she possessed more than just a single high-grade Sacred Artifact, all of these being of remarkable quality too.

While they were unlike the likes of the Extreme Yang Seal and the Extreme Yin Crown, they could virtually be compared to the Evil Sword Taotie as they surpassed weapons like the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, the Purple Sea Sword and the Golden Crow Incinerating Heaven Sabre etcetera.

In the hands of Human Exalts, high-grade Sacred Artifacts could display even greater might.

Unleashed with a weapon, Lian Zulin’s attacks grew more domineering and rampant.

With the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud above his head, Yan Di completely disregarded defence as he brandished his sabre in great movements, attacking towards Lian Zulin with all his might.

The two opponents traded blow for blow in a heaven-shaking, earth overturning battle.

Having integrated the concepts of the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture, the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture into his sabre-intent, Yan Di who was usually well read too had abundant true essence and a high qi returning speed that was similarly far from comparable to ordinary Immortal Bridge Martial Saints.

It was because of this that he was able to maintain that supremely overwhelming sabre art of his.

Still, his opponent being Lian Zulin, a Human Exalt, Yan Di’s depletion was far greater than if he were fighting with other enemies.

As time passed, his stamina would gradually diminish.

Still, Lian Zulin was shocked to find as time went by that despite the immense depletion to his true essence, Yan Di wielded his sabre with increasing ease as it was tyrannical and domineering.

It seemed like he was gradually getting accustomed to having an Exalt as his opponent.

It was as if the granite on the surface of some fine jade was being scraped off little by little as its shine grew increasingly resplendent and dazzling!

As Yan Di was locked in combat with Lian Zulin, Yan Zhaoge flew out to face the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen as well!

With Lian Zulin having intercepted Liu Zhenggu’s attack for him earlier, there was nothing to hold Zhuang Shen back now as he attacked ferociously towards Yan Zhaoge.

The eyes of enemies were exceptionally bloodshot as they saw each other. Any words would all be excessive now.

The massive fiery phoenix spread its wings, obscuring the heavens and concealing the sun.

An infinite, endless rain of fire poured down, enveloping the entire Spirit Inheritance Region as it was inevitably most concentrated at Broad Creed Mountain.

Everyone said that the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen was proficient in defence and mediocre in offence.

Still, this was relative to those of the same cultivation level like Cao Jie. Facing opponents below the Human Exalt stage, his great strength could still could destroy the heavens and extinguish the earth.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change in the least as he rose from the peak of Broad Creed Mountain, directly striking out with a palm.

While he was striking upwards from below, the sky seemed to overturn with this palm of his.

The momentum of the heavens’ collapse struck towards the fiery phoenix as beneath the majestic force which could reverse all extremities, it was like the heavens and earth of this place were being torn down from the inside.

Space distorted as the fiery phoenix instantly emitted a mournful cry.

The rain of fire that scattered between the heavens and earth had no way of continuing its descent as well as it instead distorted and folded it on itself before successively exploding, thus extinguished.

Upon Yan Zhaoge’s ascension onto the Immortal Bridge, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal which he executed seemed truly to have the miraculous power to flip the heavens and overturn the earth.

“Rise!” Zhuang Shen snorted coldly as water ripples, soil, white qi and purple light instantly enveloped that fiery phoenix.

Bolstered by four Virtues, the phoenix of flame spread its wings and soared high once more.

The thick earth of meritorious virtue replenished the heavens and extended the dao, preventing the fire of the phoenix from being extinguished.

The water ripples of holy virtue was impenetrable by all arts, assisting the phoenix in resisting all heaven-shaking, earth overturning occurrences.

The purple light of fortuitous virtue did not perish to killing tribulations as it guarded the fiery phoenix from being crushed and slain amidst the distorted spacetime.

The white qi of nether virtue possessed unending vitality as not only was it undying, it even helped the fiery phoenix to find a way out amidst such perilous circumstances.

What attracted one’s attention more was that not only was the fiery phoenix itself enveloped by four Virtues, the specks of fiery rain that existed where it flapped its wings were in this state too.

Bolstered by the four Virtues, those shooting stars also resisted the force of Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal, becoming tough and sturdy as they continued descending towards Yan Zhaoge!

Seeing this, his old rival Cao Jie’s gaze immediately hardened slightly, “He has improved quite a bit…”

Experts were able to tell someone’s prowess as soon as they made a move.

Zhuang Shen’s grasp of the Phoenix True Form Scripture was obviously far greater than that of Yuan Xiancheng, Zhang Shuren and Peng He etcetera.

The four Virtues of the Earlier Heaven period that possessed shocking defensive power were utilised by him in his attack at this moment.

Although his attacks might not be as brutal and violent as the likes of Cao Jie, Lian Zulin and Liu Zhenggu, they still possessed immense might, even being filled with resilience and continuity, seeming like they could go on without end, being difficult indeed to surpass and take down.

With just this move alone, Zhuang Shen virtually overturned that previous impression he had given everyone of being proficient in defence yet mediocre in offence.

People naturally understood their own abilities and special characteristics the most. Zhuang Shen was no exception as he too had been constantly analysing it, trying to improve his overall abilities.

The result of this could be seen here!

“Nice!” Looking at Zhuang Shen, Yan Zhaoge roared.

Still, he showed no intention of evading at all as he still raised his palm high.

The next moment, his aura skyrocketed.

An illusory silhouette appeared between the heavens and earth.

Yan Zhaoge towered into the heavens even as he stood atop the earth, as if he had merged as one with the sky.

High and distant, simple and ancient, solemn, authoritative, domineering, vigorous.

Facing Zhuang Shen’s powerful attack, Yan Zhaoge showed no intention of evading in the least as he clashed with it head-on with another Cyclic Heavenly Sabre!

His palm descended, the sky collapsing as it smashed towards the fiery phoenix and Zhuang Shen!

Whoever’s attack was more domineering, was more powerful and mighty, would be the victor!