Chapter 1030: Taiyi Fist

HSSB1030: Taiyi Fist

Yan Zhaoge raised a hand, the Extreme Yang Seal flying upwards.

A hole was mightily opened in the sky up above as a gap was opened in the spatial boundaries of the World beyond Worlds.

In the distant horizon up above, the Solar Star was shaking slightly at this moment.

In the eyes of all, the actual sun up above seemed to have vanished.

Meanwhile, the Extreme Yang Seal before them transformed into the great sun, illuminating the world.

This sun was too close to the ground as it caused everyone to feel unbearably hot beyond compare with the seawater of the Royal Reed Sea being vaporised in great amounts.

Yan Zhaoge brought down his palm as that roiling, blazing sun smashed down towards the head of the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen!

There were several ninth level Martial Saints who had come over by invitation to view the ceremony, such as the Southeastern Swordsmistress.

While they were also of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, looking at the magnificent sun that was descending from the sky at this moment, the Southeastern Swordsmistress and the others felt their hairs standing on end as a chill ran down their spines.

If any single one of them were facing this attack, they would only be able to turn and run away.

If they could not evade it in time, they might even be directly beaten to death on the spot!

Bolstered by the four Virtues and cultivating in the Phoenix True Form Scripture, the Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen who had always been renowned for his defensive prowess did not rely on it to forcibly resist Yan Zhaoge’s attack this time.

The clear cry of a phoenix suddenly resounded from his body.

Zhuang Shen flicked his sleeve, a row of colourful phoenix feathers that dazzled resplendently flying out from within.

Zhuang Shen’s late disciple, Yuan Xiancheng, had possessed a Five Phoenix Fan that was also woven of phoenix feathers.

Still, whether in terms of quality or quantity, they were far from comparable to what Zhuang Shen was currently utilising.

These phoenix feathers had not been refined into a weapon. Still, controlled by Zhuang Shen now, they swiftly intermingled within the air.

At the same time, the seed of a tree appeared amongst the phoenix feathers.

The seed quickly sprouted before instantly transforming into a streak of red light.

The phoenix feathers surrounded the red light, using it to transform into a treasured Wutong tree that was completely golden.

This Wutong tree was not big as it was only thirty feet high.

Still, an extremely great power emanated from within.

The water ripples of holy virtue, the white qi of nether virtue, the thick earth of meritorious virtue and the blessed light of fortuitous virtue appeared simultaneously, all being abundant in quantity.

The Wutong tree hovered above Zhuang Shen’s head, the leaves and branches swaying as they manifested an extinguishable, undying spirit.

As the Extreme Yang Seal mightily descended, it was actually obstructed by that Wutong tree.

“Southern Zhuang brought the heart of that ancestral tree of Wutong Slope?” The Northeastern Exalt Liu Zhenggu was shocked slightly as he saw this, “It is no wonder. Knowing that Broad Creed Mountain possesses the Extreme Yang Seal and Immortal Bridge Martial Saints, how would he not have made preparations in coming here this time?”

The golden Wutong tree hovered above Zhuang Shen’s head, temporarily resisting the Extreme Yang Seal.

The tyrannical great sun descended, the golden Wutong tree instantly sinking as the crown of the tree caved inwards and even its leaves and branches were bent beneath the pressure.

Yet, the trunk of the tree stood steadfast, ultimately managing to block the Extreme Yang Seal for the time being.

Zhuang Shen made use of this chance to execute the Heaven Parting Flowing Fire Slash once more, swiftly slashing towards Yan Zhaoge.

This time, his sabre was clearly faster and stronger than it had been earlier!

This sudden eruption of strength caused Zhuang Shen to swiftly draw near to Yan Zhaoge.

The Extreme Yang Seal was extremely powerful and possessed extraordinary might as it seemed able to inflict death with a single blow.

Zhuang Shen chose the risky action, firmly believing that this would be when Yan Zhaoge was at his most triumphant and off guard.

With the Extreme Yang Seal suddenly being obstructed, this would disrupt Yan Zhaoge’s plan and rhythm.

Launching a sudden attack at this moment, victory and defeat would be reversed as it was thus the best opportunity for him, Zhuang Shen, to make his move!

The slender thread of fire sliced past, slicing through space and the very world as it instantly arrived before Yan Zhaoge, being about to arrive at his neck.

“I was just waiting for you,” Yan Zhaoge had a heavy expression on his face as he punched outwards with a clenched fist.

His action was not swift and ferocious as it instead seemed rather slow and delayed.

Still, after this punch was unleashed, the scenes before Zhuang Shen’s eyes suddenly changed as it was like only Yan Zhaoge’s fist still remained between the heavens and the earth.

This fist seemingly filled the world all round and the space of the entire universe.

With himself as the centre, it seemed to Zhuang Shen like whichever direction he directed his attention on, it was as if such a fist was heading in his direction.

This fist seemingly occupied the past and the future, all of time.

Zhuang Shen seemed able to see through the river of time and out of the material realm at this moment. Yet, whether it was his memories of the past or the scenes of the future, at any instant within the river of time, it was still just such a fist which was punching towards him.

This fist seemed as if it originated from before everything had begun.

It was also like it was silently waiting for him at the end of everything.

Zhuang Shen’s hairs all stood on end as he immediately retracted his sabre!

Without any hesitation whatsoever, he abandoned his original offence as he devoted everything to defence in order to resist this fist of Yan Zhaoge’s that had been unleashed later yet arrived earlier!

A multi-coloured glow filled the sky as he was bolstered by four Virtues.

Still, there was an infinite, endless, omnipresent fist-intent which enveloped him, frenziedly slamming down mightily on him.

The lofty Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen could only clench his teeth and tolerate this at this moment as he was beaten by Yan Zhaoge to the point of being like a turtle hiding in its shell!

“What fist art is that?”

The Western Exalt Lang Qing, the Eastern Exalt Daoist Oneheaven and the Northwestern Exalt Lian Zulin all sucked in a breath of cold air as they saw this.

The Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie and the Northeastern Exalt Liu Zhenggu who were allies of Yan Zhaoge were also stunned by this.

Cao Jie’s gaze flickered as he seemed to have thought of something.

The expression of Lian Zulin who was battling with Yan Di suddenly changed as she looked first at the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud above Yan Di’s head and then at Yan Zhaoge’s fist attack.

Thoughts flashed through her mind at lightning speed as she blurted out, “Of the Grand Clear lineage’s Five Cosmos Grand Manifestations, the Taiyi Fist of Grand Simplicity?!”

Lang Qing, Liu Zhenggu and the others came to a realisation as well, “It is not only just the Taiji Yin Yang Palm, as he is even proficient in the fist of Grand Simplicity? This martial art has been lost for many years, and yet this Yan Zhaoge is actually proficient in it?!”

The martial art that Yan Zhaoge had just executed was none other than the Taiyi Fist which he had comprehended from the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

As he cultivated simultaneously in the Three Purities, he had even merged some principles of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture within the Taiyi Fist, forming a unique fist-intent of his own that had matchless power.

Even as Zhuang Shen had been scheming and strategising against Yan Zhaoge, Yan Zhaoge had been doing the same to him.

Yan Zhaoge was still the one to emerge victorious in the end.

Beneath that single fist, he suppressed the entire surrounding space and all time, past and present.

Zhuang Shen completely lost the initiative and was rendered hard pressed to advance and retreat freely as he liked as he was trapped by Yan Zhaoge’s fist where he was.

He was unable to move, only being able to stubbornly put up a struggle.

Still, Yan Zhaoge waved a hand, a change suddenly occurring with that magnificent sun as it formed a streak of mild golden sunlight that manoeuvred past the golden Wutong tree above Zhuang Shen’s head.

Yan Zhaoge was already able to freely control the Extreme Yang Seal now.

This monarch of Sacred Artifacts was not some dumb creature that possessed just strength alone.

It could change its size at will, possessing infinite variations.

Zhuang Shen was suppressed by Yan Zhaoge’s Taiyi Fist at this moment as he was hard pressed to manipulate the golden Wutong tree in time.

Therefore, after that streak of sunlight had manoeuvred past the Wutong tree, it transformed into the magnificent sun once more before again smashing down towards Zhuang Shen!

All Zhuang Shen’s attention was placed on facing Yan Zhaoge. As the Extreme Yang Seal descended now, how would he have any strength remaining to resist it?

He was smashed all bloodied by the Extreme Yang Seal as a result!

With Zhuang Shen’s powerful cultivation base and shocking defensive power, he was able to barely stay alive from this direct blow. Still, he was rendered all dizzy as he toppled helplessly downwards.

As he tried to stabilise his footing and rally after being repelled, Yan Zhaoge was already charging unrelentingly towards him.