Chapter 1040: A Human Exalt As A Junior Apprentice-Nephew

HSSB1040: A Human Exalt as a junior apprentice-nephew

Due to the descent of the Female Emperor and her clash with the Heaven Emperor, the thick earth which had previously obscured the sky up above had already slowly shattered and fallen apart.

The Royal Reed Sea saw the light of day once more. Still, the scenes of the world were already long since different from before.

Currently, three mighty auras were approaching from Circumference Mountain to the west as they were headed straight for Broad Creed Mountain in the Royal Reed Sea’s Spirit Inheritance Region.

Sword-light that split apart the heavens and the earth instantly arrived, appearing before everyone.

The sword-light gradually faded as three figures appeared.

One of them was a tall, white-clothed youth who was spirited and handsome, seeming remarkably transcendent.

A sword hung about his waist. While it was in its scabbard now, it still emanated a shocking feel.

It was like as soon as this sword was unsheathed, the world would definitely be shaken mightily.

Bright sword-light enveloped the entire body of this white-clothed youth as where he passed, space and time seemed to be cleaved apart within the world, all scenes automatically moving to avoid him.

There was also two others who were standing on either side of this white-clothed youth.

The person on the right was a middle-aged man.

While he had an ordinary appearance, he similarly possessed brilliant sword-light that seemed as if it sought to split the heavens and the earth.

The person on the left was a black-clothed youth. While he was rather handsome too, he possessed a cold temperament as he was silent and unspeaking.

The sword-light was not prominent on his body as he simply followed the white-clothed youth and the middle-aged man in coming before the Heaven Emperor and Female Emperor.

The three first glanced at Broad Creed Mountain. Seeing that Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and Broad Creed Mountain were unharmed, they all nodded slightly.

As Zhuang Shen, Lang Qing and the others noticed this, their pupils all involuntarily dilated slightly.

Led by the white-clothed youth, the trio greeted the Female Emperor together, “We juniors greet the Female Emperor.”

The Female Emperor nodded, “You were slightly late to arrive.”

“We did tarry,” The white-clothed youth bowed before straightening and looking at the Heaven Emperor, saying, “Heaven Emperor.”

The Heaven Emperor’s gaze shifted from Yan Zhaoge to the trio as he was silent for a long time.

The Western Exalt Lang Qing said from the side with a dark look on his face, “You people actually came here, Bai Tao.”

That white-clothed youth said, “While you and southern Zhuang are willing to give my southwestern Vermillion Heaven Territory some benefits, I would naturally abide by the order of my Master rather than accepting your benefits since he has given one.”

The white-clothed youth was called Bai Tao.

Still, people were more used to addressing him by another name in the World beyond Worlds.

Lord of the southwestern Vermillion Heaven Territory, the Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao.

If Bai Tao was merely the Southwestern Exalt, the Heaven Emperor would not be looking so solemn now.

The thing that could cause an Emperor to feel so guarded did not stem from the trio themselves as it was really the lineage that they were descended from.

The Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao and the other two were from the lineage of the central Jun Heaven Territory’s Kunlun Mountain’s Northern High Peak’s Jade Capital Crag.

Their Master was one of the highest existences of the current World beyond Worlds, the Sword Sovereign of the Three Sovereigns!

While the Sword Sovereign’s seniority was lowest amongst these three, he along with the Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign possessed unshakeable authority that reigned throughout the entire world.

He was currently still amidst extradimensional space, having yet to return.

Still, the appearance of Bai Tao’s trio here would inevitably cause others to think of him.

This was especially so since just the three of them alone would be insufficient to request the Female Emperor to act.

“Yan Zhaoge has obtained the relic of the late Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia, being a true disciple of his!” Lang Qing exclaimed, “Even if the Sword Sovereign treasures talent, you must reconsider…”

Bai Tao shook his head, “Do you still not understand, Western Lang?”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, he sighed vastly, “They are surnamed Yan!”

Lang Qing was shocked, “Surnamed Yan…wait a moment!”

He looked like he had seen a ghost as he turned and looked towards Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, stunned, “It’s that Yan?!”

Zhuang Shen, Daoist Oneheaven, Lian Zulin, Cao Jie and Liu Zhenggu all appeared puzzled initially before shocked looks appeared on all their faces.

They all turned to look at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di in unison, with Lian Zulin blurting out, “They are the descendants of Yan Xingtang!”

Many atop Broad Creed Mountain had blank looks on their faces.

Still, for some of them, within their minds surfaced a name which, to them, only existed in legends as well as history books.

Yan Xingtang.

Rather than his actual name, there were more who knew of his title.

One of the new Kunlun Nine Luminaries who had established the World beyond Worlds that year, the Exalted Gold Luminary!

The number one figure in the dao of the sword for Daoism following the Great Calamity, the Sword God Yan Xingtang!

It was not for no reason whatsoever that Lang Qing, Zhuang Shen and the others were able to relate this distant legend to the situation at hand.

The current Sword Sovereign of the World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereigns was precisely the personal disciple and primary descendant of the late Exalted Gold Luminary from back then!

“Could it be that the Sword Sovereign is mistaken?” Zhuang Shen asked in a heavy tone, “The Yan father and son from Broad Creed Mountain originate from a lower world. They are not locals of the World beyond Worlds.”

“If you were to say that they share the same surname, the Exalted Fire Luminary of the Kunlun Nine Luminaries of back then and the Profound Sovereign of the Roving Jade Heavens are both surnamed Gao. Still, they are not related by blood in the least!”

Looking at Zhuang Shen, Bai Tao saw that while he had a heavy expression on his face, his eyes were surging like blazing fire.

He sighed, replying, “He is a descendant of Grand Master’s, but not just any mere descendant.”

Bai Tao’s gaze turned towards Yan Di, a rather complicated look on his face, “To be exact, this Bai would have to call you senior apprentice-uncle.”

Zhuang Shen looked disbelievingly at Yan Di, “He is the son of the Exalted Gold Luminary?”

“It is not surprising that those like Zhuang Shen and Lang Qing have not heard of this,” The Female Emperor now said mildly from the side, “Heaven Emperor, you must have heard of who the Exalted Gold Luminary’s wife was.”

The Heaven Emperor who had been keeping silent throughout finally spoke now, “Of the Prime Clear direct lineage, the Sword Emperor Di Qinglian of the Roving Jade Heavens!”

Sword God Yan Xingtang.

Sword Emperor Di Qinglian.

Several thousand years back, Daoism of post-Great Calamity times had witnessed the union of the two most outstanding sword cultivators whose renown had shaken the world. While few knew of them today, having experienced this for himself during his youth, their names were as familiar as booming thunder to the Heaven Emperor.

“Yan…Di, Yan Di, what a Yan Di!” The Heaven Emperor’s expression changed intensely, “If not for this name of his, this humble Daoist would instead have paid attention to his surname.”

Standing quietly beside his father, Yan Zhaoge looked over and saw that there was neither sorrow nor joy visible on Yan Di’s face, just that his gaze was growing increasingly sharp.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Heaven Emperor again was he was able to imagine his despondence right now.

Yan Di’s name was the combination of his parents’ surnames.

Still, it was said that the couple had already been dead for over two thousand years.

Yet, Yan Di was not even a century old yet!

This did not correspond no matter what.

It would be much more natural to think of it as a coincidence.

The gazes of the Heaven Emperor’s lot were filled with anger as they looked at the Female Emperor and Bai Tao’s trio as they just felt as if they were being played.

“This humble Daoist has seen images of the Exalted Gold Luminary before,” The Heaven Emperor exhaled slowly, “If they are father and son, how could there be no resemblance between them?”

“The bloodline of the Sword God and Sword Emperor instead cultivates in sabre arts?”

“With so many conflicting areas, how can you be sure that he is a descendant of the Exalted Gold Luminary?”

The Female Emperor Jie Mingkong smiled coldly, not deigning to reply.

The Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao remained well-mannered as he cupped his hands towards the Heaven Emperor, “Please look over there, Heaven Emperor.”

Looking where his finger was pointing, the Heaven Emperor’s gaze abruptly grew focused.

A cloud that resembled a blooming lotus was hovering silently above Yan Di’s head.

The cloud was dim and chaotic as time and space appeared all blurry within.