Chapter 1047: Kunlun’S God Shocking Dragon, Youth Enlightening Eight Sects

HSSB1047: Kunlun’s God Shocking Dragon, Youth Enlightening Eight Sects

The Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng had no personal enmity with Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain.

If one were to say that there existed any points of tension between them, there were two of these.

First was the Dim Radiant Wheel that Yan Zhaoge possessed.

Second was Yan Zhaoge’s mother, Xue Chuqing.

Both of these matters were likely related to something that the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia and the Bright Connection Emperor Hu Yuexin had done that year which the Earthly Sovereign was opposed to.

The Concealed Sovereign was likely on the Earthly Sovereign’s side in this matter.

If it was just because of the Dim Radiant Wheel, Yan Zhaoge was not difficult to find. Those of the Earthly Sovereign’s lineage at Qilin Cliff would probably have coming looking for him long ago.

Therefore, this could only be about tracking down Xue Chuqing’s unpredictable movements.

Xue Chuqing herself was not important. What was important was some treasure she possibly grasped or some secret she might know.

This was what the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng was truly concerned about.

For this Lord of the central Jun Heaven Territory and grand steward of the entire World beyond Worlds, since Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were supported by the Sword Sovereign, the Heaven Emperor, Zhuang Shen and the others would naturally be unable to do anything to them.

Under such circumstances, there was no need for him to pay attention to the enmity between their two sides.

He naturally placed his attention on other affairs instead.

“Is there any such possibility? He wishes to make use of this chance to see the name of us father and son become renowned throughout the World beyond Worlds, with everyone hence knowing about the relationship between us and senior apprentice-uncle Yue. Using this, he may mislead mother.”

Yan Zhaoge sent to Yan Di via sound transmission, “As a result, mother might erroneously believe that the Sword Sovereign who neither supported nor opposed her before will protect her now, thus ceasing to hide and coming to look for us.”

Yan Di’s tone was icy cold, “There is such a possibility. Still, it is wishful thinking if he is planning this.”

“He probably does not want to enter a direct conflict with senior apprentice-uncle Yue’s lineage of Jade Capital Crag,” Yan Zhaoge exhaled slowly, “Instead, he wishes to intercept her partway through, not giving us a chance to know at all. Since her whereabouts were unknown before, let them remain unknown forever.”

Yan Di’s gaze flickered with a cold light as he pondered momentarily before saying, “While they will be keeping an eye on us after this, we too must keep an eye on them as well.”

“It is precisely so,” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

The Northeastern Exalt Liu Zhenggu now said, “Since the Earthly Sovereign and the Concealed Sovereign will not intervene directly, Broad Creed Mountain should have no major opposition in henceforth advancing westward into the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.”

“It will be around a hundred years from now that the Ten Directions Heart’s Will Formation is to be established. Bar any major incidences, Southern Zhuang’s death will not affect the overall situation of the World beyond Worlds.”

With the deaths of many famed peak experts like Zhuang Shen, Peng He and Zhang Shuren, while Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope still had the ninth level Martial Saint ‘Phoenix Crying Southern Territory’ Mao Yuansheng, they were already destined to be unable to rule the southern Blazing Heaven Territory any longer.

In order to avoid Broad Creed Mountain and Golden Court Mountain finding trouble for them in the future, it might even be the case that Wutong Slope’s lineage ended up going underground, perhaps even went elsewhere completely.

“Southern Zhuang was a notable persona. If Wutong Slope does not try any hidden schemes to harm us, our sect has no intention of pushing them unrelentingly to the brink, trying to wipe them all out,” Yan Di said, “Still, if they refuse to give up, I would not mind ending this lineage of theirs for good.”

The Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao said, “In the current World beyond Worlds, there is a small number of people who are only a mere half-step away from the Human Exalt stage and might possibly break through at any time.”

While ordinary people might not know of this, people of their level had more knowledge of this kind.

“Still, you, senior apprentice-uncle Yan, as well as junior apprentice-brother Yan both possess remarkable strength. At the Immortal Bridge stage, you are already comparable to Exalts.”

“While you may be lacking in terms of title, your strength is more than sufficient to reign over the south.”

Bai Tao continued, “Just as Northeastern Liu said, the fact that one of the current Ten Exalts has now died should not affect things much. Also, there should be people coming to fill that spot very soon.”

“Even if this is not the case, with the strength and potential that the two of you possess, you would definitely be able to ascend the Human Exalt stage far earlier than merely within a hundred years’ time.”

Cao Jie and Liu Zhenggu both nodded in agreement.

Actually, if someone were to immediately achieve a breakthrough into the Human Exalt stage and take over Zhuang Shen’s position now, it would really be extremely awkward.

Being on amicable terms with Golden Court Mountain, Broad Creed Mountain did not intend to expand their influence too greatly within the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

Still, they would not stand on ceremony for those other Territories.

If that really happened, how would the newly elected Southern Exalt deal with these two Immortal Bridge Martial Saints beneath his reign who were very likely more powerful than he was?

Also, these two Immortal Bridge Martial Saints were of the same family.

Let alone the newly ascended Exalts, even if it were another of the other nine current Exalts who came, besides the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua and the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng, it would be a tough job for any one of them to handle.

“It’s not that there are no exceptions…” The hearts of Cao Jie and Liu Zhenggu both jolted slightly as their gazes congregated on the same person.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were actually also looking towards that black-clothed youth beside Bai Tao at this moment.

“Senior apprentice-brother Nie should be one of those who can attain the Human Exalt stage at any time, right?” Yan Zhaoge asked.

A warm smile appeared on the black-clothed youth’s usually cold, resilient face, “I can already do it now. Still, I will wait a little longer.”

“I came here this time to congratulate senior apprentice-uncle Yan’s and junior apprentice-brother Yan’s Broad Creed Mountain. Still, it is not that our Jade Capital Crag is greedy for an Exalt position, seeking to be rulers of a Territory.”

His tone was casual and breezy as if he was saying something which could not be any more normal.

Heard by anyone else, they would probably find this as shocking as thunder across a flat plain.

Still, all those present, including Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Yuan Zhengfeng and the others of Broad Creed Mountain did not find this to be any surprising at all.

The Heaven Emperor and the others had primarily placed their attention on the Female Emperor Jie Mingkong initially.

Still, when Bai Tao and the others had appeared, besides the Heaven Emperor whose expression was as per usual, Zhuang Shen, Lang Qing and the others clearly had vigilant expressions on their faces.

This was not just wariness of Jade Capital Crag which they hailed from. It was also wariness with regard to their martial prowess.

It was just that the Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao was not who Zhuang Shen and the others had been exceptionally concerned about.

It was that cool, silent black-clothed youth!

“Two centuries ago Little Sword God, one century ago Heavenly Young Master.”

This was a rather widespread phrase in the World beyond Worlds.

Besides this, there was another similarly famous line.

“Kunlun’s God Shocking Dragon, Youth Enlightening Eight Sects.”

The latter parts of both sayings referred to the same person, the former Heavenly Young Master and the current Upper Exalt, Chen Qianhua.

Before Chen Qianhua had attained the Human Exalt stage, in his travels about the World beyond Worlds, he had given pointers and brought enlightenment to eight major powers, aiding them in further refining their martial arts.

These eight major powers which were scattered about the World beyond Worlds had all become renowned lineages that presided over a region now.

The southeastern Yang Heaven Territory’s Green Peak High Plain’s Three Foot Mountain had only been one of them.

The eight great sects all had supreme martial arts which specialised in different areas as they even possessed vastly different styles. Still, they all had many experts as they were clouds and profound martial arts.

Yet, it was only because of the enlightenment from Chen Qianhua that the martial arts of these eight sects had achieved the flourishing state they were at today.

While Chen Qianhua had been young and yet to attain the Human Exalt stage at the time, he had already vaguely been worshipped and respected by these eight major sects as their overlord.

He possessed the wondrous reputation of ‘Youth Enlightening Eight Sects’.

The earlier part of the second phrase, ‘Kunlun’s God Shocking Dragon’, referred to another person.

This person’s name was Nie Jingshen, or Nie Shocking God.

While he was younger than Long Xueji and Chen Qianhua, he was publicly acknowledged in the World beyond Worlds as yet another otherworldly genius following the Little Sword God and the Heavenly Young Master.

He was the final disciple of the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei at Kunlun Mountain’s Northern High Peak’s Jade Capital Crag.

Shocking God Sword, Nie Shocking God.

It was rumoured that he was an orphan whom the Sword Sovereign had happened to meet by chance.

When they had met, the Sword Sovereign’s sword had reverberated within its scabbard!

This oddity had caused the Sword Sovereign to feel startled and curious too as he had brought him back to Jade Capital Crag where he had raised him, meanwhile also christening him Nie Jingshen, or Nie Shocking God.

His name was Shocking God, his title was Shocking God, and his sword arts also shocked the world and caused all otherworldly spirits to weep in shock.

He had once battled to a draw with the lofty Northwestern Exalt Lian Zulin back in the past.

That had merely been simple sparring as they had let it end in a draw just like that.

They themselves aside, no one knew how things might have ended if they had battled to the death.

Lian Zulin had only said a phrase which had circulated widely afterwards.

Of the Sword Emperor’s lineage, Shocking God reigns on top.

At the time, Nie Jingshen had been at the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm.