Chapter 1042: So What If We Are Overbearing!

HSSB1042: So what if we are overbearing!

The Heaven Emperor, Zhuang Shen, Lang Qing and the others were still holding on to hope.

Their final hope was the stance of the Earthly Sovereign and the Concealed Sovereign.

Over the past several millennia, the Three Sovereigns had reigned supreme in the World beyond Worlds, with the Earthly Sovereign at their head.

The Concealed Sovereign seldom ventured outside or expressed his opinions as he gave tacit support to the decisions of the Earthly Sovereign most of the time.

The current stance of the World beyond Worlds regarding the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia originated from a decision of the Earthly Sovereign’s.

The reason behind the decline and disappearance of the lineage of Yan Zhaoge’s mother Xue Chuqing in the World beyond Worlds was similarly because of the stance of the Earthly Sovereign.

While the Sword Sovereign had not spoken up about this, neither had he showed any opposition.

It was because of this that Lang Qing, Daoist Oneheaven and some others had been treating Xue Chuqing like a wanted fugitive.

While the Earthly Sovereign had not given a clear decree on this, the fact that the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng had continually been searching for Xue Chuqing within the central Jun Heaven Territory too more or less spoke for something.

Whether it was Yan Zhaoge having obtained the Dim Radiant Wheel or their relationship with Xue Chuqing, this had more or less been somewhat breaking a taboo within the World beyond Worlds.

If the Earthly Sovereign and the Concealed Sovereign expressed a definite stance on this, there might still be a way to work around this.

“In being unwilling to personally make a move, was Elder Wang already aware of the Sword Sovereign’s relation to the Yan family?” Lang Qing’s thoughts flashed through his mind at lightning speed, “But since he was willing to lend the Breath Soil, that means that he and the Earthly Sovereign are not happy to see the Sword Sovereign connected too deeply with the Yan Family…”

Amidst his thoughts, the black-robed youth beside Bai Tao raised a hand.

Sword-light appeared, slashing through the horizon as it bloomed and transformed into a silhouette within the air.

The silhouette gradually solidified, forming the image of a person.

Upon seeing this figure, the hearts of the Heaven Emperor, Lang Qing and the others all sunk.

Gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw that this was a middle-aged man in ancient attire and a crown on his head. He looked around forty on the outside as he had deep, tranquil features and a piercing gaze.

This person resembled a sword that opened the heavens, yet did not reveal his sharpness. Simply standing there, he resembled a solitary peak that rose up loftily into the clouds, causing others to stare up in awe.

This stern, authoritative looking middle-aged man was the disciple of the late Exalted Gold Luminary and the current Sword Sovereign of the World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereigns!

He was the lord of the central Jun Heaven Territory’s Kunlun Mountain’s Northern High Peak’s Jade Capital Crag.

The Sword Sovereign, Yue Zhenbei!

This image could not converse as it was simply a message from Yue Zhenbei which was a reply to his disciple from extradimensional space.

Only Bai Tao’s trio had seen it before as the others present were seeing it now too.

“All my present accomplishments were only made possible for me by my respected Master.”

While the Sword Sovereign did not speak quickly, each of his words was filled with strength as it was like the collision of metals.

“My respected Master only left behind a single blood descendant. I will do all I can to ensure his safety, and I will do so even if Elder Jiang and Elder Yang are there.”

“I have kept my promise all these years. If someone else breaks it now, do not blame the sword in my hand for acknowledging no one!”

While this was a message from some time back, everyone present could still feel the domineering will and resolve that surged alongside it.

At this instant, from the Sword Sovereign who had originally not been emitting any sword energy suddenly emanated piercing sharpness which shook the world.

Terrifying sword-intent seemingly transcended the boundaries of space and time, descending in the present World beyond Worlds from the extradimensional space of the past.

Even the Female Emperor and the Heaven Emperor felt solemn as they saw all this.

The Elder Jiang and Elder Yang he had been referring to were none other than the other two Sovereigns of the World beyond Worlds!

At a time like this, whoever dared act lightly would have to face the sword of the Sword Sovereign.

Even if he was facing the Earthly Sovereign and the Concealed Sovereign, the Sword Sovereign would still draw his sword in battle regarding this matter.

Looking towards the Northwestern Exalt Lian Zulin, the Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao said amiably, “Northwest Lian, please leave. My Jade Capital Crag will attempt to help in mediation regarding the object lost by your Red Sea in the future. If you do not leave now, you risk harming our future ties.”

Lian Zulin sighed, “Lian Zulin dares not forget that I owe the Sword Sovereign a debt of gratitude. Since this is a decree of the Sword Sovereign’s, I will abide by it. I only hope that the Sword Sovereign will help speak for my Red Sea’s lineage after locating that Xue Chuqing in the future.”

She turned and bowed deeply towards the image of the Sword Sovereign in the sky before turning and leaving.

The gazes of the Heaven Emperor, Zhuang Shen, Lang Qing and Daoist Oneheaven flickered simultaneously as a bad feeling arose in all their hearts.

Indeed, that black-clothed youth said, “That senior apprentice-uncle Yan and senior apprentice-brother Yan were able to safely defend the Royal Reed Sea is a testament of their capabilities.”

“Still, since you lot have specifically chosen the day of Broad Creed Mountain’s opening ceremony to visit, you would not be proper guests if you do not leave celebratory gifts behind before leaving.”

The Heaven Emperor frowned, “Jade Capital Crag is being too overbearing. This humble Daoist is willing to let this matter go on account of the Sword Sovereign. Still, the Sword Sovereign is not almighty within the World beyond Worlds, able to obscure the heavens with a wave of a hand.”

“You people have great enmity with senior apprentice-uncle Yan and senior apprentice-brother Yan of Broad Creed Mountain,” Bai Tao sighed, shaking his head, “My Master cherishes talent as seeing how hard it has been for Daoism to return to a flourishing state, with cultivation being a hard thing for us all, he can let this go. Otherwise, even if Qilin Cliff were dissatisfied, he would still not let this go just like that.”

“This now is merely a reminder by my Master.”

The pupils of the Heaven Emperor, Lang Qing and the others abruptly dilated!

“So what if we are overbearing?” That black-clothed youth had an indifferent expression on his face, “It was you who came looking for a fight. And now, you think you can leave just like that?”

He turned and said to Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, “This is my Master’s first celebratory gift. He says that he will pay a visit in person to congratulate you upon returning to the World beyond Worlds in the future.”

Before his words had fallen, the image of the Sword Sovereign condensed into a streak of sword-light in mid-air which descended before Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

“Thank you, senior apprentice-uncle Yue,” Yan Zhaoge blinked, looking at his father.

Yan Di smiled, “Since it is the sword, I will leave it to you then.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge raised a hand and received that sword-light.

The scenes before his eyes instantly changed.

A streak of light that was bright to the extreme surfaced within the dim, chaotic primordial universe.

The light split apart the chaotic primordial universe as earth, water, wind and fire were scattered all around, flowing chaotically before finally settling down again.

Yin and yang were distinctly separated, the vast wilderness opening with clear qi rising upwards and turbid qi descending.

A brand new world of creation was thus opened, heaven, earth and causality forged!

In this majestic scene, the powerful concept which opened the heavens and split the earth rampaged unstoppably through the universe!

“Good sword,” Yan Zhaoge praised as he looked in the direction of the Heaven Emperor and co.

Upon seeing that sword-light, the Heaven Emperor sighed, speaking no further as he turned and instantly vanished amidst space.

The Western Exalt Lang Qing and the Eastern Exalt Daoist Oneheaven did the same as they expanded their own miraculous methods, seeking to speedily leave the Royal Reed Sea.

Still, as Yan Zhaoge unleashed this sword, the sword-light in his hand vanished.

The next instant, the silhouetted impression of a sword flashed through mid-air.

That sword shadow resembled a banner whilst also an axe as it easily broke through space.

Three muffled groans simultaneously resounded.

The Western Exalt Lang Qing who had transformed into formless and shapeless space was forcibly jostled out from space, his body distorted at various weird angles.

Daoist Oneheaven who had unleashed An Instant’s Thunder and instantly blazed all his true essence surged forth with that instantaneous thunder, yet was defeated by a single sword which slashed off his right arm.

The Heaven Emperor had executed Heaven Earth Within Sleeve, yet his sleeve instantly broke apart.

Heavy earth arose from within his sleeve along with a lush green tree that towered into the heavens.

The next moment, however, the great earth shattered as the massive tree was felled about its trunk!