Chapter 1051: To, Kunlun Mountain!

HSSB1051: To, Kunlun Mountain!

Within the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, a ‘disperse your separate ways’ had seemingly traversed endless time as no regret had been contained within despite that lingering sense of loss.

In the lands of the Immortal Court, recorded images of light had been left behind in which he had defeated two Emperors of the Immortal Court within a single exchange.

“We are all cultivators. Slay the dao, see one’s true self.”

Recalling that majestic figure who had been garbed in black clothes and a white robe, his hair black and his brows white, Yan Zhaoge fell into deep thought for a time.

While he had never personally interacted with him before, while he had long since returned to dust, he could still sense just how imperious and lofty of a person he had been.

People had many faces as making a conclusion about someone from just one time and one incident could inevitably be misleading somewhat.

It was difficult for the current Yan Zhaoge to comment on what sort of a person the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had been.

Yet, as he had obtained the Dim Radiant Wheel and his mother Xue Chuqing was involved in this matter, there was naturally no way for him to stay out of it.

“That the Dim Radiant Emperor perished is already beyond doubt,” Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temple lightly, “What about my mother’s Grand Master, the Bright Connection Emperor then?”

Cao Jie said, “As compared to the Dim Radiant Emperor, less news on the Bright Connection Emperor has been available. I am not sure if she is alive or dead. Still, I can say with certainty that she has long since left the World beyond Worlds.”

This was just as the Northeastern Exalt Liu Zhenggu had said back then.

Nodding silently, Yan Zhaoge then suddenly asked, “What about the Bright Connection Emperor’s disciple, my mother’s Master?”

Cao Jie answered, “I heard that this person is already dead. Still, I am unclear on the specifics.”

“This person was also a wanted fugitive back then, but died in the process of evading capture. However, the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment was still nowhere to be found. Only then did your mother suffer the same treatment.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di exchanged looks, not saying a word.

It was still uncertain if the Dim Radiant Emperor had been selfless or selfish in seizing the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment that year.

It was also hard to say if any of the ones trying to capture Xue Chuqing now had a personal interest in the fragment.

Whatever the actual use of this treasure that had been sought for over a thousand years now really was, since the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Immortal Court valued it so greatly, it definitely had to be a very valuable object.

After thanking the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie, father and son exited the room and returned to their own lodgings.

As they walked, Yan Di said slowly, “If you did not guess wrong initially and junior apprentice-niece Sikong truly is related to Chuqing, this may have something to do with the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment!”

“It is doubtful, though,” Yan Zhaoge said as he pondered, “There are so many people who look like junior apprentice-sister Sikong. There were at least four such people in our Eight Extremities World back then.”

“The World beyond Worlds is so large as there will only be more of them. Considering population estimates, saying that there may be a thousand would already be giving a conservative estimate.”

Just thinking about it, Yan Zhaoge pulled back the corners of his lips.

There were many people in this world who closely resembled each other despite being completely unrelated by blood. Some of them might even look like identical twins.

Still, if there were over a thousand people who looked the same, that would really make for a magnificent sight.

They did not just resemble each other. Instead, their features were completely the same even though there were both males and females amongst them.

Their appearances were also extremely outstanding as they did not have common faces that would not draw any attention in a crowd.

If they cultivated in martial arts, after cultivating their inner auras and attaining the Martial Scholar realm, they would display shocking martial talent.

While they were not otherworldly talents like Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Nie Jingshen, Chen Qianhua and Long Xueji, even if they were from the lineages of the Three Sovereigns or Five Emperors at Kunlun Mountain, they would still be praised for having extraordinary talent.

These people amounted into the hundreds or even thousands…

Of course, they could have died young or lived their entire lives unremarkably without cultivating in martial arts.

The timeflow of the World beyond Worlds was faster than that of the Eight Extremities World. With Sikong Qing’s age, if she was not cultivating in martial arts in the World beyond Worlds but was just an ordinary peasant, she would already be very old and almost at the end of her longevity by now.

Still, in the World beyond Worlds where Daoism was seeing a resurgence, unearthing talent had always been emphasised on greatly. Those who really had talent would not easily be left buried.

That those like Sikong Qing whose talent and potential had already been unordinary even before attaining the Martial Scholar realm could have been overlooked seemed very improbable indeed.

Therefore, Yan Zhaoge found it very hard to believe that the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors could have overlooked as abnormal a situation as the vast number of ‘Sikong Qings’ existing in the World beyond Worlds.

“If one says that they were all scattered amongst the various lower worlds, we have seen at least two here in the World beyond Worlds,” Yan Zhaoge tapped his temple.

Of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory’s Royal Reed Sea’s North Sea Sword Pavilion, Yue Baoqi.

Of the eastern Vast Heaven Territory’s Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale and descended of the Eastern Exalt’s lineage, Li Cheng.

The quantity was, of course, far lower than what Yan Zhaoge had expected.

At the same time, the attention of those who were not in the know would still not be drawn by this.

“With things still unclear now, junior apprentice-sister Sikong will probably have to continue keeping a low profile,” Yan Zhaoge sighed, “With senior apprentice-uncle Yue looking after us from up above, the pressure on us has decreased greatly. Still, there are also more people who are paying attention to us.”

“The Eastern Exalt has just returned in defeat from our place. He will definitely be paying attention to all aspects. It might still be fine if others see junior apprentice-sister Sikong, but if he does and learns that she is a disciple of our Broad Creed Mountain, he might just make that connection.”

Yan Di frowned, “Yet she must continue suffering this indignity.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “That is at least better than being made a target and kidnapped away. If we knew who the other side was, we could still confront them and ask for her back. The worst thing is if she is taken but we have no idea who did it, having no way of looking for her at all.”

Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale’s Li Cheng had precisely been kidnapped by him, Yan Zhaoge. The Eastern Exalt did not even know who had done this as he believed that like his other disciples, Li Cheng had died in that old residence in which Xue Chuqing had formerly been hiding.

If he was all happy in having kidnapped someone yet someone kidnapped one of his own afterwards, Yan Zhaoge would not be able to continue smiling then.

He stroked his lower chin, “Maybe we can set up a trap for someone? It is just that this would be even more unfair for junior apprentice-sister Sikong.”

Yan Di said, “Let us not then. Since that is so, junior apprentice-niece Sikong should remain on the Mountain.”

“She is fully devoted towards the martial dao and skilled in analysis and development as well. I have actually always been hoping that she can take the helm at the Martial Inheritance Hall in the future.”

“If we were to put her on the First Seat of the Martial Inheritance Hall now, it would inevitably be exposing her before the eyes of all. Still, it is fine to simply have her taking charge of the situation.”

Yan Di decided, “Junior apprentice-sister Fu can be the First Seat Elder of the Marital Inheritance Hall in name for her.”

He turned to look at Yan Zhaoge, “What about you? How go your preparations? You will be setting off soon.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “My preparations are more or less complete. Still, my success still hinges on reacting to the situation as necessary after I have gone to Kunlun Mountain.”

Everyone was trying to guess what Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain would be doing next.

Actually, Yan Zhaoge would be acting separately from his sect after this.

Yan Di would preside over their development plan as they officially advanced into the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

With the foundation that Yan Zhaoge had established for them in the vicinity of where the Dynasty River flowed in the eastern parts of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, such as at Circumference Mountain, they would be able to achieve their goals there much more easily.

Meanwhile, Yan Zhaoge himself would be heading to Kunlun Mountain in the central Jun Heaven Territory along with Nie Jingshen and Wang Pu’s group!

On one hand, this was to search for the whereabouts of his mother, Xue Chuqing, in secret. On the other, there were some plans that Yan Zhaoge wanted to try executing too.

“According to the latest news from Ingenious Flying Peak, the Brocade Emperor who was a no-show seems not to have gone back there too,” Yan Zhaoge forced a smile, “Really, what exactly could this Emperor be busy with?”