Chapter 1059: Arms Dealer Yan Zhaoge

HSSB1059: Arms dealer Yan Zhaoge

The Internal Crystal Furnace had played an important role in Yan Zhaoge’s growth and Broad Creed Mountain’s rise to prominence.

In the current Eight Extremities World, all Broad Creed Mountain’s martial practitioners, regardless of their cultivation base, were armed to the teeth with high-quality weapons, suppressing the other powers.

Still, as the cultivation bases of Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and the others advanced, the effects exerted by the Internal Crystal Furnace were also decreasing relative to them.

Yan Zhaoge had already long since been thinking of other plans to raise his sect’s ability to compete with potential enemies.

As for the Internal Crystal Furnace itself, it could be sold just like some medicinal pills or weapons.

Through this process, he could obtain even more valuable resources and be bolstered in other areas.

Some might say that the resulting increment in strength of the other sects would wipe away a part of Broad Creed Mountain’s advantage.

While that would cease to exist, in return would instead come advantages in yet more aspects.

Overall, the benefits would be greater than the detriments.

The Internal Crystal Furnace was no longer to be their classified secret and the source of their ability to compete with others as they could definitely use it as a bargaining chip with which they obtained more benefits.

Yan Zhaoge was not worried about how he would sell this.

Any two opposing powers would be diligently raising their strength, attempting to suppress and gobble up the other side.

Assume that the peak experts of both sides were fourth level Martial Saints of the early Seeing Divinity stage.

It would be pointless if they did not have sufficient materials, but if this was not the case, they would naturally hope to forge a mid-grade Sacred Artifact of their own.

If two opponents who had originally been evenly matched fought, one being bare-handed while the other possessed a weapon, this would virtually be able to decide victory and defeat.

Both sides would initially have needed to spend a long amount of time working on this. Still, if one of them possessed the Internal Crystal Furnace, it would save them a lot of time as the Sacred Artifact would be successfully completed much more quickly. They would indisputably be able to seize the upper hand and suppress the other party.

The same principle applied for Merging Avatar Martial Saints and low-grade Sacred Artifacts too.

Of course, these were not as rare and scarce as high-grade Sacred Artifacts.

There were as many experts as there were clouds in the World beyond Worlds along with an abundance of treasures.

If one really sought a mid-grade Sacred Artifact, they could attempt to pay an immense price in a trade with someone else.

Still, there would likely be no supply whatever the demand.

It was not difficult for Immortal Bridge Martial Saints to forge mid-grade Sacred Artifacts. Still, the gazes of Immortal Bridge Martial Saints were eternally still focused on high-grade Sacred Artifacts.

If there was a need for artifacts and spirit artifacts that were of a lower tier, a single Internal Crystal Furnace alone would be sufficient to decide the way the battle went.

For any power which sought to achieve greater heights, what would they do if they did not acquire it but their opponent did?

“It feels like I am about to become a major arms dealer,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “In my impressions, many arms dealers will go around stoking flames and secretly causing conflicts, hence increasing the demand for their weapons.”

“Should I consider doing something in this area too? It seems like that might be a bit too unethical…”

The Internal Crystal Furnace was not the sole good which Yan Zhaoge had prepared for this time’s trade.

It was simply a portion of his overall scheme.

Besides the search for his mother Xue Chuqing, he had also come to Kunlun Mountain this time to take a look around and choose a suitable location to complete the necessary preparations for this.

Next, he would acquire various valuable resources of the World beyond Worlds in large amounts.

The current Broad Creed Mountain reigned supreme over the Royal Reed Sea as they could decide anything that happened there so long as they were willing to.

Outside of the Royal Reed Sea, Yan Di had already led forces in invading the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

With how things were now, the southern Blazing Heaven Territory was destined to be unable to block Broad Creed Mountain’s footsteps.

While no one from Broad Creed Mountain had yet reached the Human Exalt stage, bar any unexpected circumstances, Broad Creed Mountain was to become the new, crownless monarch of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain would hence be entitled to the greatest share of the resources within the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.

However, this might not be the case for sure in other parts of the World beyond Worlds.

Let alone the central Jun Heaven Territory or the likes of the western Turtle Heaven Territory and the eastern Vast Heaven Territory, even the southeast and northeast which had always been on good terms with Broad Creed Mountain as well as the southwestern Vermillion Heaven Territory that was ruled by Bai Tao, a disciple of the Sword Sovereign, would not be able to fully supply Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain with what they wanted with all their might.

They would definitely fulfil their own needs and wants before thinking about other people’s desires.

This was an understandable thing.

The authority to call upon the resources of the entire World beyond Worlds belonged only to the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of Kunlun Mountain.

Prior to the opening ceremony, Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and the others had not been thinking so loftily and far ahead.

They would gradually strive for greater heights, eventually naturally coming to enjoy the benefits they should be entitled to.

Still, with the major backer that was the Northern High Peak’s Jade Capital Crag, Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain were sufficiently equipped to strive for more now.

Of course, it would definitely not be okay to simply make use of Jade Capital Crag’s name to act powerful and try to expand and acquire benefits everywhere.

Jade Capital Crag was not the sole, undisputed power within the World beyond Worlds.

While the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had the authority to call upon the resources of the entire World beyond Worlds, these resources were limited at the end of the day. Conflict might exist amongst they themselves as well here.

Yan Zhaoge was currently planning to collect the various treasures and resources that he wanted using another method.

By doing this with Jade Capital Crag behind him, he could borrow the might of their authority.

Of course, this would also help Jade Capital Crag to acquire more resources and speaking power.

Of the current Three Sovereigns, it was ultimately the Sword Sovereign who had risen to power the latest. While the Concealed Sovereign kept a low profile, the Earthly Sovereign eternally possessed a domineering stance.

Yan Zhaoge was not in a place to evaluate the many policies of the Earthly Sovereign’s right now.

He did not have sufficient information on hand as he still needed to observe things rather than hastily come to any judgments.

How someone was thinking inwardly and what he was outwardly doing could often differ.

Therefore, aside from the matter of his mother, Yan Zhaoge was currently neutral with regard to the Earthly Sovereign’s ways.

Still, if he had to choose a side to support between he and the Sword Sovereign right now, it would definitely be the Sword Sovereign that he selected, no question about that.

“It isn’t just the Internal Crystal Furnace?” Wang Pu quickly noticed the main point in Yan Zhaoge’s words.

It could be said that while they were all disciples of the Sword Sovereign, whether it was Wang Pu or the Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao, their styles were both different from that of Nie Jingshen’s.

Therefore, Wang Pu understood Yan Zhaoge’s meaning at once, “In having come to Kunlun Mountain this time, you are really going for something big, junior apprentice-brother Yan.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Senior apprentice-uncle Yue and the Earthly Sovereign are both away from the World beyond Worlds while the Concealed Sovereign is probably unconcerned about such matters. Even if I make a bit of a mess, it would not be hard to get it all cleaned up afterwards.”

Wang Pu pondered on this.

His style of acting was actually a more cautious and stable one. Truthfully speaking, he did harbour doubts regarding Yan Zhaoge’s plan.

Still, he ultimately nodded after pondering for a moment, “Do as you like. Besides Dragon Butterfly Valley, is there anything else that you require my help with?”

“Thank you, senior apprentice-brother Wang,” Yan Zhaoge said, “Dragon Butterfly Valley is for my personal use. I will specifically work on some preparations here, and do not intend to make this widely known too.”

“Afterwards, we can officially have it that I will be looking for a place to develop within the central Jun Heaven Territory, outside of Kunlun Mountain. Still, I myself will not be stationed there. It is to be taken care of by Broad Creed Mountain disciples. Still, since we are totally unfamiliar with this area, I have requested for a senior apprentice-brother of Jade Capital Crag to help watch over it.”