Chapter 1076: Do Whatever You Want. If I Change My Technique, I Lose

HSSB1076: Do whatever you want. If I change my technique, I lose

Yan Zhaoge obscured the heavens with a palm, his palm filling the sky.

He raised his palm before bringing it heavily downwards, his Cyclic Heavenly Seal truly possessing the momentum of collapsing the heavens.

Although his cultivation base was suppressed to the third level of the Martial Saint realm, this far surpassed the time when he had really been a third level Martial Saint in the past.

A lower world like the Eight Extremities World was already unable to bear the force of this palm of Yan Zhaoge’s.

As he executed the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, apart from the lands that had been encroached on by the Nine Underworlds and the Lake Domain that the Brocade Emperor was currently in, the entire Eight Extremities World virtually seemed about to be overturned.

Yet, as the Earth Domain and Lake Domain were fixed in place and could not move, a distorted scene was distinctly formed everywhere else that was terrifying indeed.

“Woah! This is really quite the pleasant surprise!” Chen Qianhua’s eyes lit up, “I still thought that you would hold back for fear of destroying this world.”

He no longer appeared listless and lackadaisical as he instead laughed loudly, “Yes, you are an interesting person indeed.”

Amidst his laughter, Chen Qianhua abruptly flipped his palm upwards, launching it in an upward motion.

“Still, if it is only the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, I would not consider it so much of a pleasant surprise.”

In the air above the Earth Domain, Yan Zhaoge’s and Chen Qianhua’s actions were virtually the same, just that one was striking downwards, the other striking upwards!

Cyclic Heavenly Seal versus Cyclic Heavenly Seal!

As the palms of the two met, the terrifying distortion of the World beyond Worlds’ heavens and earth instead vanished.

Still, the force from the collision of their palms caused the surrounding space to collapse instantly.

“This place is not the World beyond Worlds,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “I am not an early Immortal Bridge Martial Saint, and you are also not a Human Exalt.”

Amidst their words, his palm continued pressuring downwards!

Chen Qianhua instantly felt as though the scenes in the surrounding world had changed.

Everything first became extremely huge before the distance between them and him increased unceasingly, with those things coming to appear tiny as a result.

However, the surrounding space was completely empty as only he himself remained.

It was not that the objects in the external world had turned big before moving far away from him.

Instead, he himself had seemingly shrunk at this moment!

He had been suppressed to the size of a mere speck of dust!

The spiritual qi of the surrounding heavens and earth all erupted at this moment, resembling the collapse of a mountain and the surging of a tsunami as they all crushed towards him together.

The terrifying momentum that enveloped the heavens and covered the earth caused him to feel like a grain of sand against the tides of the great sea as no matter how he tried to evade, he would still be devoured and shattered nevertheless.

Even though they both cultivated the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, Yan Zhaoge was more proficient in this scripture than he was!

In the clash of Cyclic Heavenly Seal against Cyclic Heavenly Seal, Chen Qianhua suffered a complete defeat!

“After cultivating in the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture for a few years, you already have such attainments in it?” Chen Qianhua’s eyes shone, “Amazing!”

He moved his other hand forward as well, forming a seal with his fist.

As soon as this was formed, an incomparably heavy force manifested.

It was like the great earth that bore the weight of all things in this world as it was silent, sturdy, dense, vigorous, indestructible!

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows, “Earth Overturning Seal?”

The Earth Overturning Seal was a supreme martial art of the lineage of the Earth Queen of the Four Imperials of orthodox Daoism!

It had been lost for many years following the Great Calamity.

When contending under the same circumstances, the Earth Overturning Seal was naturally inferior to the Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

Still, this supreme martial art was precisely a peerless supreme martial art that the Earth Queen had previously created from combining her martial concepts with her insights from analysing the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

Chen Qianhua had combined the two seals into one at this moment, with his glorious fist-intent magnificent as the heavens and heavy as later earth as he forcibly blocked Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

All things before him regained their original state, no longer suppressed by Yan Zhaoge’s fist-intent.

“I was originally going to tie you down with the Great Nine Underworlds Door below us so that I can better continue playing with the Brocade Emperor,” Chen Qianhua smiled noncommittally, “Now that you are the one tying me down instead, it is also fine. I just wonder if you can still pay any attention to the Great Nine Underworlds Door down below?”

While they dared not be sure of it, both he and Yan Zhaoge had a premonition regarding this.

If it was the Brocade Emperor who had been in his right mind, he would definitely not sit back and do nothing as the Nine Underworlds encroached on the human realm.

With how unpredictable his thoughts currently were, it was very hard to ascertain what he might do.

It was not impossible that he might just leave directly with Meng Wan and perhaps Chen Mingying too.

“Just worry about yourself first,” Yan Zhaoge said.

His palm that was looming over Chen Qianhua’s hands mightily descended once more!

It was still a Cyclic Heavenly Seal, yet had already reached a whole new level.

As Yan Zhaoge exerted greater force with his palm, all existences amidst space in the surroundings began distorting as they were overturned.

Chen Qianhua felt as though his figure had become miniscule once more as a terrifying force which was infinite and endless simultaneously pressured down upon him from all directions amidst space.

Beneath this palm of Yan Zhaoge’s, all things within the world actually vanished.

Time seemed to have flowed in reverse as the vast oceans and the wide fields circulated backwards.

Everything returned to its original state, all creation no longer existing as the boundaries between the heavens and earth had turned blurry.

Clear qi sunk, turbid qi rising!

The heavens and earth that had been split apart were about to recombine for good!

All things in the world seemed to have reversed to before the heavens and earth had been split apart.

The world of later heaven was forcibly reversed to the primordial world of earlier heaven!

Amidst the darkness of space, nothing could be seen at all as only the primordial twin qis of yin and yang intermingled.

Amidst the variations of the twin qis of yin and yang, they gradually vanished as only chaos was indistinctly visible.

Everything seemed to have returned to earlier heaven times as all was shapeless and without quality, without light and without darkness, silent and formless.

Even the magnificent earth of later heaven no longer existed!

“Returning to earlier heaven? Even a True Immortal might not be able to cause such a variation when executing the Cyclic Heavenly Seal,” A strange light was emitted from Chen Qianhua’s eyes,” You integrated the concepts of the Taiyi Fist and the Taiji Yin Yang Palm within the Cyclic Heavenly Seal?”

His figure suddenly shook, seemingly becoming transparent as it was formless and without quality.

In Yan Zhaoge’s senses, for just that one instant, Chen Qianhua seemed to have completely vanished, no longer existing within this world.

Of the earlier heaven Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations of the Grand Clear direct lineage, the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form!

It had long since been rumoured in the World beyond Worlds that the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua was proficient in countless supreme martial arts from both past and present times.

Otherwise, there would also not have been that incident of him enlightening eight sects in his youth.

Many in the World beyond Worlds knew that he cultivated in the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear direct lineage.

However, besides the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, he also cultivated in the Earth Overturning Seal of the direct lineage of the Earth Queen.

More unexpected with that he was, shockingly, also proficient in a supreme martial art of the Grand Clear direct lineage!

Still, while the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form had both offensive and defensive capabilities and possessed remarkable profundities, faced with Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal which had the fist-intent of Grand Simplicity from the Taiyi Fist integrated within, Chen Qianhua was still unable to bear it as it caused a return to earlier heaven times.

The majestic strength did not even require a forceful attack as it had already caused Chen Qianhua’s concept of Grand Beginning to dissipate into formlessness!

Beneath that palm, whether it was Grand Beginning or Grand Commencement, all would return to Grand Simplicity, becoming nothingness once more!

Still, Chen Qianhua had not naively thought that he would be able to receive this technique of Yan Zhaoge’s with just the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form alone.

As his figure existed amidst illusory space, he punched towards Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

Although he was unarmed, as Chen Qianhua punched outwards, a silhouette condensed, actually manifesting in the form of a sceptre.

On seeing the sceptre, the first thought that appeared within Yan Zhaoge’s mind was that this was the very sceptre which the founder of the Grand Clear lineage, the Lord of the Dao and Virtue, had once used in reigning over the various heavens!

Of the martial arts of the Grand Clear direct lineage, both the earlier heaven and later heaven ones possessed boundless profundities.

Besides the earlier heaven Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, there were also the Later Heaven Five Ultimates.

This sceptre art was precisely one of the Later Heaven Five Ultimates!

Chen Qianhua combined martial arts of earlier heaven and later heaven at this moment as he finally managed to block Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal which caused the very heavens and earth to be reversed.

“Haha…” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Do whatever you want. If I change my technique, I lose.”

He exerted force with his palm, continuing to strike downwards with a Cyclic Heavenly Seal!