Chapter 1074: Fulfilling Another’S Wishes

HSSB1074: Fulfilling another’s wishes

Yan Zhaoge secretly frowned, sighing inwardly.

Whether the Brocade Emperor would be at conflict with him after walking the unfeeling path or not, he would feel rather despondent if he had to helplessly watch as Fu Ting and Meng Wan were killed just like that.

Meng Wan was Feng Yunsheng’s best friend.

Fu Ting was also a rather good friend of Yan Zhaoge’s in the World beyond Worlds as they had once braved and survived perils together.

If the Brocade Emperor were to walk the unfeeling path, they would have to die for sure.

Another thing that Yan Zhaoge had to be concerned about was how the others of the World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors might see the current Brocade Emperor.

They would naturally not resort to extreme measures unless there was really no other choice.

It was more possible that they would assist the Brocade Emperor in recovering, even advancing his cultivation base.

If the Brocade Emperor could achieve a breakthrough to the next cultivation stage, there would be no need for him to fear the Sword Sovereign’s retaliation.

This could cause a divisive split in the World beyond Worlds as the Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign would not agree to it unless the situation was already irreparable.

Still, Yan Zhaoge who never feared imagining the worst possible scenario brought about by the worst in people could not but think about a problem.

Because of him and his mother Xue Chuqing, a split was destined to arise between the Sword Sovereign and the Earthly Sovereign.

Under such circumstances, might the Earthly Sovereign be happy to see a new Sovereign rising up to replace the Sword Sovereign?

Alongside the resurgence of Daoism, its peak experts were all extremely valuable indeed.

Still, if they really could not exist together like water and fire, the differences between them would probably ultimately still have to be settled in the end.

The crucial thing here was how great the split between the Earthly Sovereign and the Sword Sovereign was and what the Concealed Sovereign who had always tacitly supported the Earthly Sovereign from behind the scenes might think of the matter this time.

The Earthly Sovereign and the Sword Sovereign were both amidst extradimensional space and yet to return as the Concealed Sovereign was left in charge of the World beyond Worlds, with the authority to decide on things there.

Many thoughts flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s mind as he unceasingly considered what might occur.

Despite his considerations, Yan Zhaoge showed no sign of it on the surface, “Right, the Upper Exalt seemed to have left alongside you. I wonder if he has descended into the Eight Extremities World?”

Chen Qianhua was the number one Martial Saint and the strongest Exalt.

His strength was very likely sufficient for him to battle against Emperors.

Still, as long as he remained in the Human Exalt stage, having yet to push open the door to Immortality and permanently remove the ‘human’ from Human Immortal, there were still many rules he would have to abide by.

In a lower world, even a Human Exalt would be suppressed to the third level of the Martial Saint realm.

Back in the World beyond Worlds, he had been a tenth level Martial Saint while Yan Zhaoge had been a seventh level Martial Saint. Thus, Yan Zhaoge had been hard pressed to detect his presence even with his strength.

Now that both of them were at the third level of the Martial Saint realm, however, Yan Zhaoge was sufficiently confident of locating him with a single glance if he was in the vicinity of Turbid Wave Pavilion.

As there was no trace of him near Turbid Wave Pavilion at this moment, the distance between them being too great, Yan Zhaoge could not confirm whether he had come to the Eight Extremities World.

His current spiritual sense was sufficient to encompass the entire world as he located other Martial Saints.

However, if he was looking for Chen Qianhua and the distance between them was too great, there would then be some difficulty in doing so.

“Chen Qianhua did follow us down. Still, he did not continue following us afterwards,” Finding a third level Martial Saint in the Eight Extremities World was naturally as easy as breathing for the Brocade Emperor, “He is currently in that direction.”

Gazing where the Brocade Emperor was looking, Yan Zhaoge raised his brows lightly, “The Earth Domain?”

He pondered for a moment before looking at the Brocade Emperor, “To be honest, Yunsheng is none other than this Yan’s wife. I miss her greatly as she has not returned for many years after venturing outside for adventuring, hoping that we can soon be reunited. Now that the Brocade Emperor is willing to assist in looking for her, I wonder if I can travel alongside you?”

Chen Mingying was rather taken aback whereas Meng Wan lowered her head and smiled, “Senior apprentice-sister Feng has found a good husband.”

The Brocade Emperor had no problem with that as he smiled, “I am familiar with the feeling of being separated from my lover. Since Little Friend Yan wishes for such, I am naturally fine with you coming along with us. If we can find that Little Friend Feng and you reunite, that would really be a cause for celebration indeed.”

“Thank you for your blessings, Brocade Emperor,” Yan Zhaoge said, “With the Upper Exalt having come to the Eight Extremities World, it would surely be rude if we as hosts do not receive him. I would like for the Brocade Emperor to wait a moment as I go meet the Upper Exalt. I will return shortly.”

“I also hope that the Brocade Emperor can visit my Broad Creed Mountain as a guest if it is okay.”

The Brocade Emperor shook his head, “No problem. Just go meet with Chen Qianhua. I will wait with Wan’er here for some time longer. As she has not seen her Master in many years, they should really talk for a bit longer.”

Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands, “I will take my leave then.”

He looked at Meng Wan who smiled, her gaze intelligent as always as no abnormalities could be seen within it at all.

Yan Zhaoge smiled back at her, not saying anything as he left the residence.

On seeing An Qingling and the others who were waiting outside, Yan Zhaoge said, “This Yan will be back in a jiffy. Please do not disturb them and allow them to carry on with their conversation.”

Those of Turbid Wave Pavilion nodded, still feeling rather overwhelmed by what had happened.

If not for Yan Zhaoge’s reminder, they would not have known at all that the Brocade Emperor had already long since entered along with Meng Wan.

“Senior Sister Xie, senior apprentice-brother Xu has descended to the Eight Extremities World too. While today’s matter is a major one, after it is over, you can go to meet with him,” Yan Zhaoge said to a female Elder of Turbid Wave Pavilion who had ordinary features yet possessed a surging valiant air about her.

This female Elder was none other than Xie Youchan who had also already long since attained the Martial Grandmaster realm by now.

While the distance between she and Xu Fei was rather great, she could be considered extremely young relative to her cultivation base as there was still potential that could be excavated.

She had refused Broad Creed Mountain’s proposal to assist her in heading to the World beyond Worlds, being adamant on ascending to the World beyond Worlds with her own strength one day.

Still, Xie Youchan had always been on good terms with those of Broad Creed Mountain as she was an old acquaintance of Yan Zhaoge’s.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, she smiled, replying, “First official and then private matters. This is as it should be.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded and departed alone from Turbid Wave Pavilion, heading northwest towards the Earth Domain.

Outside of Turbid Wave Pavilion, a tall man towered like a mountain peak amidst the sky. This was none other than Xu Fei.

While his lover, Xie Youchan, was currently at Turbid Wave Pavilion, he was waiting quietly here without the intention of heading into Turbid Wave Pavilion.

On seeing him, Yan Zhaoge immediately said, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu, send a message to my father in the World beyond Worlds right away.”

After hearing Yan Zhaoge’s guess regarding the cultivation path of the Brocade Emperor and the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, Xu Fei instantly knit his brows, “I will get on it immediately.”

“Send a message to Ingenious Flying Peak’s Red Lotus Cliff as well,” Yan Zhaoge said after pondering slightly for a moment, “There is no need to make it too obvious, though. Just hint at it a little.”

At the end of the day, the crisis that Fu Ting and Meng Wan were facing was just Yan Zhaoge’s own guess at the end of the day.

They were ultimately still father and daughters.

Still, Ingenious Flying Peak was of the Grand Clear direct lineage at the end of the day as they would definitely have some knowledge regarding the cultivation of the Brocade Emperor.

Consolidating the clues at hand, they would have some guesses too.

Xu Fei nodded, not wasting time on words as he turned and rushed towards the wound of the sky at where the Sacred Sun Clan had formerly stood in the Fire Domain.

Yan Zhaoge exhaled slowly, heading towards the Earth Domain.

While his understanding of Chen Qianhua’s personality was limited, Yan Zhaoge was instinctively rather wary of him.

While he had clearly come to the Eight Extremities World to join in the ‘fun’ regarding the Brocade Emperor, he had left the Brocade Emperor partway through and gone to the Earth Domain. This was something Yan Zhaoge definitely could not ignore.

The Earth Domain possessed special significance with regard to the Eight Extremities World.

After entering the Earth Domain, Yan Zhaoge descended into the deep valley down below.

Partway through his descent, he saw a purple-clothed youth who was in the midst of slowly rising upwards.