Chapter 1091: Eighth Level Of The Martial Saint Realm, Mid Immortal Bridge Stage

The Encompassing Emperor, the Brocade Emperor and Meng Wan all turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was distant as he looked at that illusory scene, not saying a word.

There, Feng Yunsheng cupped her fist towards space before valiantly turning and crossing the multiple layers of flames, vanishing without a trace within the devilish palace of flames.

As the white light faded, the images gradually disappeared too.

The reversed time regained its normalcy.

Gazing at the empty palace, Yan Zhaoge was silent for a long time.

“Little Friend Yan, as this matter concerns the Exalted Rahu Luminary’s rebirth, this old man and the others of the World beyond Worlds must necessarily be concerned with it.”

“This must be reported to the Three Sovereigns, at the very least.”

After a long time, the Encompassing Emperor coughed, saying slowly, “This also involves a peak devil which has caught the eye of the arrogant Exalted Rahu Luminary. It would definitely be remarkable.”

“Although it will be difficult to pursue them like Little Friend Feng said, if there is a chance, we will definitely attempt to venture deeper into the Nine Underworlds to locate them. Hopefully, Little Friend Feng can be found as soon as possible.”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered as he turned to look at the Encompassing Emperor.

The elder who had the looks of a child and the white hair of an old man looked at him calmly without any ripples in his gaze whatsoever.

“If you Majesties get involved in this matter, the chances of success will naturally increase greatly,” Yan Zhaoge said, “This Yan naturally wishes to find back my wife as soon as possible. Sorry for the expression, but this Yan has also been looking forward to our first night together.”

The Encompassing Emperor’s gaze flickered slightly, but he spoke no further.

While he rather admired this youth before him, as this matter that concerned the Exalted Rahu Luminary involved too many things, he had no choice but to approach it very seriously indeed.

The worst case scenario would be if Feng Yunsheng lost to Jian Shunhua, but Jian Shunhua lost too.

The one to come out on top of all this would be a third party, the devil that Jian Shunhua had been scheming against!

Whether it was Jian Shunhua or Feng Yunsheng who fell to the dark side, both would be extremely terrible scenarios.

The Encompassing Emperor naturally had to consider these possibilities.

Still, he similarly had to consider Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain.

The youth before him had too many connections. Besides Kunlun Mountain’s Northern High Peak’s Jade Capital Crag’s Sword Sovereign, he was actually somewhat related to the Roving Jade Heavens as well.

Even with the Encompassing Emperor’s vast life experiences, he had to calm down and navigate this matter with the utmost vigilance now.

“Wan’er, it looks like we will have to stop here,” The Brocade Emperor just looked rather regretfully at Meng Wan, “I hope that your friend will be blessed by the heavens and turn calamity into fortune.”

Looking at the now empty palace, Meng Wan was feeling rather despondent too.

Hearing the Brocade Emperor’s words, she nodded, saying, “No need to worry, father. Your daughter understands. Now, I too am just hoping for senior apprentice-sister Feng’s safe return.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Being able to see you when she returns will doubtlessly be a pleasant surprise. She will definitely be very happy.”

Now, he cupped his hands towards the Brocade Emperor and the Encompassing Emperor, “Please hold on for a moment.”

Next, Yan Zhaoge stepped forward, arriving before the dim darkness which was suppressing the black ember and extending a hand.

As he circulated the Faceless Devilish Scripture, Yan Zhaoge’s body turned completely illusory.

A green Buddha idol appeared above his head that had four sides and twelve arms.

Each of the four faces was totally blank with no features visible whatsoever.

The gazes of the Encompassing Emperor and Brocade Emperor flickered, “What an outstanding youngster. Extraordinary talent indeed.”

While they were not proficient in the Faceless Devilish Scripture, they naturally knew of the Faceless Heavenly Devil of the legends, bearing the true intent of no identity and no face as it actually held no fixed external form.

If a manifestation of this technique had an external form, a martial practitioner should be far from completion in their cultivation.

Otherwise, it would be that they had intentionally done so, integrating other martial concepts within.

This was the case with Yan Zhaoge right now. While he was projecting the profundities of the Faceless Devilish Scripture, he had no intention of falling to the dark side in becoming a devil.

The green Buddha idol’s twelve arms extended forward in unison, converging towards the centre as they collectively captured and suppressed the dim darkness along with the ember.

Next, the Buddha idol slowly descended into the top of Yan Zhaoge’s head.

“You must be careful, Little Friend Yan. That ember is the source of a devilish Emperor’s revival at the end of the day,” The Encompassing Emperor warned Yan Zhaoge though he did not stop him.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Thank you for worrying, Encompassing Emperor. Still, it is fine.”

He closed his eyes as the acupoints of his entire body suddenly pulsed.

The eyes of the Encompassing Emperor and Brocade Emperor both emitted a strange glow as they saw this, “Oh?”

As Yan Zhaoge sat in the centre of the back hall of the devilish palace of black flame, his entire body suddenly glowed brilliantly.

Streams of bright radiance that resembled starlight were emitted from him in all directions, even penetrating through the flame-formed walls of the palace.

At this moment, radiance lit up within the gloomily lit devilish domain of the Nine Underworlds, resembling bright stars in the night sky amidst the centre of the blazing flames and charred soil.

Yan Zhaoge’s various acupoints were emitting a splendid radiance. Now, one of them suddenly dimmed and was extinguished.

Closely following that, there was a second, and then a third.

While the radiance of some of his acupoints was extinguished, the radiance of the remaining ones that were still glowing got increasingly bright and dazzling as they underwent a qualitative change.

As the radiance flickered, it was as though numerous stars were circulating within the true universe.

Yan Zhaoge’s aura correspondingly skyrocketed in its entirety!

“He has actually ascended to the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Immortal Bridge stage just like that,” The Encompassing Emperor sighed lightly, “From what this old man heard, it should not have been long ago that he attained the Immortal Bridge stage. It was before his sect’s opening ceremony, right?”

Besides admiration, there was also a regretful look in the Encompassing Emperor’s gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge now.

This was naturally because Yan Zhaoge had heard the name of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord back at Star Reflecting Lake.

The Encompassing Emperor shook his head as he looked at the Brocade Emperor, a rare look of dissatisfaction visible within his eyes.

While Yan Zhaoge’s attitude over Feng Yunsheng’s matter gave him a bit of a headache, this did not stop him from admiring Yan Zhaoge’s talent.

He felt that it was a real pity indeed, how the Brocade Emperor had randomly destroyed a supreme genius of the World beyond Worlds just like that.

The Brocade Emperor smiled, seemingly having forgotten completely about the events back at Star Reflecting Lake as he only said rather admiringly, “Your determination is laudable indeed.”

“Indeed…” The Encompassing Emperor shook his head, looking at Yan Zhaoge once more.

While it was not outwardly exhibited, Yan Zhaoge’s firm, resolute aura was evident to all.

The dissatisfaction and despondence within his heart did not translate to worry, vexation, uselessness and defeat as it instead erupted like a volcano, completely transforming into an uncompromising resolve with a sharp, piercing intent to unceasingly strive for his ultimate goal.

Yan Zhaoge’s accumulated foundation was incomparably substantial as there was no difficulty at all besides where major bottlenecks existed.

Still, he had never been hasty so as to preserve the stability of this rare path that he followed, stably and assuredly treading every single step.

Still, he no longer suppressed himself at this moment, ignoring any potential repercussions from refining the devilish fire as he simply advanced right there and then!

Seeing the calm expression on the face of this youth, the Encompassing Emperor really felt a headache coming on.

“I admire him even more now,” The Brocade Emperor smiled leisurely.

The Encompassing Emperor glanced at him, “He is different from you.”

The Brocade Emperor smiled, “There is nothing wrong with this being different. Little Red Lotus has a great impression of him as I had once considered looking for him as a son-in-law. From the events that have played out, my appraisal was right indeed. This fella is not simply overflowing with talent.”