Chapter 1090: Feng Yunsheng’S Message

Whether it was because of concern for Feng Yunsheng or they were curious if the plan of the Exalted Rahu Luminary Jian Shunhua had succeeded, everyone present was deeply interested in this matter.

Yan Zhaoge took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

A faint screen of light appeared near his body, gradually transforming into the blurry light of water which made everything appear white and black, losing their lustre.

As the light that resembled water seeped in, the time in the area seemed to slow and then fall still.

Seeing this, the Brocade Emperor and Encompassing Emperor both nodded inwardly, “Considering his age and cultivation base, his attainments in the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture are unexpectedly high.”

“Please assist, Emperors,” Yan Zhaoge’s voice sounded rather ethereal as it seemed fast at times whilst slow at others.

The Brocade Emperor and Encompassing Emperor did not refuse him as they moved in unison.

With their help, time seemingly flowed in reverse there as Yan Zhaoge circulated the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

It was not that time was truly flowing in reverse. Even if it was, it would still be difficult to revert back to a few months or even a few years ago.

Still, the rippling light of time combined with the devilish qi of black fire amidst space, gradually forming a scene of light as it sought to reconstruct the images of the past.

Suddenly, white light flickered amidst space.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was solemn, “A message left behind by Yunsheng.”

As the white light appeared, a series of images were finally shown.

A familiar face appeared before Yan Zhaoge and Meng Wan.

Garbed in white and wielding a black sabre, her cascading hair simply tied up behind her back and her gaze focused, it was none other than Feng Yunsheng!

Feng Yunsheng was seated on the ground in the meditative position as the Extreme Yin Crown was emitting pure, clear radiance above her head, resembling the bright moon in the sky.

The Cold Sun Divine Sabre was placed horizontally across her knee, wisps of black qi extending from within which transformed into runes that wounded around her body like chains.

In front of Feng Yunsheng, there was a huge black sun hovering in mid-air.

Meanwhile, the tiny ember of flame was completely suppressed by the dim darkness, rendered totally unable to move.

The huge black sun emitted black sunlight which shone on and illuminated the Cold Sun Divine Sabre.

Feng Yunsheng had a calm look on her face and a resolute gaze as she looked at the black sun.

A silhouette surfaced within the black sun. This was none other than the Exalted Rahu Luminary, Jian Shunhua.

Her expression was cold and stern as always as she calmly met Feng Yunsheng’s gaze with a piercing gaze.

“I am not the reborn sabre spirit, and you also do not exist within the sabre. Why is this sabre so close to me?” Feng Yunsheng spoke relatively calmly, sounding neither panicked nor perturbed.

Jian Shunhua who was rumoured to be a person of few words spoke liberally in front of Feng Yunsheng, “It is true that you are not the reborn sabre spirit. Still, a wisp of your soul is sealed within the remnant shell of the Rahu Sabre. This sabre should be called the rebirth of that split soul portion of yours. While it is not your clone, its mind is connected to yours as you can wield it like an arm.”

The pure moonlight suppressed the jet-black chains encircling Feng Yunsheng to some extent.

Still, resisting them mostly still depended on Feng Yunsheng’s own will.

She calmly asked, “Exalted Rahu Luminary, is it? While I admire senior’s flair from the past, this junior does not wish to become a shell through which someone else comes back from the dead.”

“A very outstanding young girl,” Not only was Jian Shunhua not vexed, an amused hint of approval even vaguely surfaced from her cold features, though it was gone in a flash.

The huge sun proceeded forward, seeking to gradually devour Feng Yunsheng’s body.

Feng Yunsheng did not resist as she sat unmoving where she was, simply guarding and stabilising her mind.

Seeing this, the Encompassing Emperor nodded slightly, “While the Exalted Rahu Luminary has been reborn, she is exceptionally weak due to having to ensure that she does not fall to the dark side.”

“This is not a contest between a True Immortal and a Seeing Divinity Martial Saint, a clash of martial abilities. Instead, it is an inner battle of will.”

Yan Zhaoge said nothing.

Feng Yunsheng had a resilient personality and firm will that was rare amongst all those he had seen before.

It was a strength that surpassed her age and the boundaries of her cultivation base.

He did not worry about how Feng Yunsheng might fare against others.

Still, her opponent this time was no normal person, being someone who had left behind a glorious reputation for themselves in the grand annals of history.

This was someone who had planned for not just reviving after her death, but also to wrest away a devil’s foundation that was even sturdier than her own.

Even her very death itself might have been a segment of her plan.

Also, how many could be certain that under the precondition of not becoming a devil, they would still succeed in the rebirth they sought following their deaths?

Even so, Jian Shunhua had dared to make such a gamble!

She might not have reached a state where she had been left with no choice at all but to make that gamble. What sustained her was not just a gambler’s hope as it was instead an extremely firm will.

It was rumoured that her expression had never even changed as she had once suffered the Soul Nail Stab, one of the Seven Great Tortures like the Cold Marrow Needles!

What were Feng Yunsheng’s chances as she faced such an opponent this time?

“In order to ensure that she does not fall to the dark side, the Exalted Rahu Luminary had to borrow a body in her rebirth mechanism,” The Brocade Emperor appeared rather interested, “Still, from the looks of it now, it did not go as smoothly as she planned.”

As the huge black sun enveloped Feng Yunsheng completely, a black solar eclipse symbol gradually appeared on her forehead.

Devilish qi of black fire vaguely circulated within her pupils as well. Still, her gaze remained clear.

Feng Yunsheng suddenly roared, standing up as she chopped out with the Cold Sun Divine Sabre.

The Extreme Yin Crown that she wore shook, the pure moonlight transforming into a sabre-light which broke the huge black sun!

While the huge black sun was no more, the black solar eclipse symbol on Feng Yunsheng’s forehead still remained as a dim yet brilliant glow leapt about her pupils too.

The white sabre-light left behind traces amidst space, resembling a passageway connecting towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes met those of his lover across from him, even though he knew that she was unable to see him.

Still, Feng Yunsheng’s gaze seemingly traversed time at this moment, arriving in the present.

“I do not know who will be able to see this,” Feng Yunsheng said, “I am Feng Yunsheng, a disciple of Broad Creed Mountain from the World beyond Worlds’ southeastern Yang Heaven Territory’s Royal Reed Sea.”

“As you can see, due to earlier, I am currently unable to fully control my body. At present, only half of the Exalted Rahu Luminary’s mechanism has been completed. There is still another half which concerns a great Devil. I do not know which one specifically it is, but it is definitely not simple.”

“Next, because of her, I will be heading deeper into the Nine Underworlds. Because I cannot fully control myself, I will be unable to leave traces behind to aid in pursuit as something left behind by my right hand could be wiped off by my own left hand the very next moment. Because of that, there is no need to look for me.”

“I will leave as soon as possible. Otherwise, even this message may be eradicated by myself.”

She slowly said, “If you are willing to help, Feng Yunsheng is deeply grateful. Please relay this message to my sect, my Master Fu Lingyun and my husband Yan Zhaoge.”

“In these decades that I have lived, I have often faced failure, seldom seeing success as I have constantly caused new trouble for those related to me.”

Feng Yunsheng said solemnly, “Still, I will not lose this time.”

“Not because of gain and loss, not because of strength or weakness, but only because I will definitely come back to see you all!” She suddenly smiled brightly, “Zhaoge, I will definitely return. We haven’t even had our first night together yet.”