Chapter 1402 - I Have The Final Say Over Your Lives

Chapter 1402: I Have The Final Say Over Your Lives

As the ethereal sword-light passed through him, Gong Sunhui’s entire body trembled!

At this moment, he could only feel that his Tranquil Profound Immortal Immortal Aura was crumbling without any warnings. They separated into the two different kinds of qis – the Clear Qi and the Righteous Qi!

Although the two Immortal qi were still intertwined, they weren’t fused and weren’t a single qi anymore.

Under such influence, his Profound Immortal physique that had gone through the refinement of Immortal Aura degraded back to the physique of a True Immortal. The instant he received the sword attack, his Profound Immortal physique, which True Immortals could never harm, ceased to exist any longer!

From the Duo Qis Profound Immortal Realm, he was knocked back to the True Immortal Realm!

“What sword art is this?” Gong Sunhui was bewildered, “How can this be?”

Within his mind, insuppressible scenes flashed across his eyes. They seemed familiar, yet so queer.

Those were the experiences he acquired when challenging the True Profound Tribulation and successfully ascending to the Profound Immortal Realm.

At this moment, these scenes were playing backward. Meanwhile, he was watching himself getting further and further away from the Profound Immortal Realm.

Gong Sunhui had been learning martial arts for thousands of years. Even if he was in seclusion most of the time, he was still experienced in venturing outside.

However, no matter how knowledgeable he was, he still felt a sense of horror and panic.

He had never heard of such sword art before.

Fallen Deity – Yan Zhaoge’s Fallen Deity Sword!

Yan Zhaoge had previously pulled a True Immortal expert back to the mortal realm when he was still a Martial Saint.

In today’s battle, the Fallen Deity Sword appeared again, causing the Duo Qis Profound Immortal Gong Sunhui to plunge downwards to the True Immortal Realm.

As the ethereal sword-light poured down, Yan Zhaoge’s other hand released another Cyclic Heavenly Seal and slapped it towards Gong Sunhui’s head!

“Do you have someone’s skirt to hide under?”

Yan Zhaoge’s laugh resounded, while Gong Sunhui was filled with dread.

After being pulled down to the True Immortal Realm by the Fallen Deity Sword, how could he withstand Yan Zhaoge’s direct strike?

His yell stopped halfway, and Yan Zhaoge crushed his head. He lost his life just like that!

The instant that Yan Zhaoge executed the Fallen Deity Sword, Li Xingba, and the Crane Race Small Saint’s expressions changed in unison.

Naturally, their senses were far stronger than others. They could immediately feel the uniqueness in Yan Zhaoge’s sword.

Unfortunately, under Feng Yunsheng’s barrage of attacks, they couldn’t take care of Gong Sunhui.

“Quickly, retreat!” Just as Li Xingba managed to warn his disciple, his disciple had descended to the True Immortal Realm. Then, Yan Zhaoge destroyed his head, and blood splattered everywhere!

His red face first turned pale and turned intensely blue. He was filled with intense rage, yet he was unable to do anything. Instead, Feng Yunsheng had almost managed to slay him.

However, at the same time, the surging devilish qi was already in full display.

Even while being inside of the Starry River Tributary, everyone could feel that horrifying devilish intent. While their body went numb, and their senses almost went out of control.

Outside of the Starry River Tributary, a horrifying silhouette stood by the boundless void. He seemed illusory and didn’t seem real at all. However, he also seemed like the monarch of the universe they were residing in.

That Grand Heavenly Immortal level Ancient Devil declared its emergence.

Within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes, the blue-black devilish flames jumped around for a while.

She looked towards Yan Zhaoge, and Yan Zhaoge looked towards her. The two nodded in unison, and Feng Yunsheng’s figure skyrocketed. She transformed into a stream of dark radiance and instantly slashed through the skies formed by water screens.

Under the luminance of the ruthless dark radiance, the chaotic spatial transformations happening within the Starry River Tributary were all slashed apart, rendering the capricious transformations occurring within the Starry River Tributary unable to stop Feng Yunsheng’s advancement.

Destroying something was easier than to design something. Although she couldn’t go wherever she desired within that convoluted space, Feng Yunsheng’s unique strength intent allowed her to jump out of the convoluting dimensions.

As such, as the black radiance flashed, she had already jumped out of the river, where stars were undulating. She directly faced against that Ancient Devil that had appeared within the void.

With Feng Yunsheng’s departure, Li Xingba and that Crane Race Small Saint could finally let out a sigh of relief.

After relaxing, rage filled Li Xingba’s head once again.

“This time, I’ll see who’s still here to protect you!” He looked towards Yan Zhaoge maliciously, yet the sight that awaited him was Yan Zhaoge seeping into the water screen.

The Starry River Tributary’s water streams fused as one with the convoluted space.

Under the propagation of waves, no one knew where he would be washed in the streams.

“Thinking of running?” Li Xingba snorted.

Li Xingba’s majestic sonorous voice of the great dao resounded. Without Feng Yunsheng around, the Grand Virtual Immortal Li Xingba was able to seal the entire spatial dimension under the envelopment of his Immortal Essence, preventing others from escaping through the convoluted space.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s figure was still seeping into the water screen, as if he wasn’t being affected at all.

Li Xingba was startled.

Yan Zhaoge was a unique case, as he wasn’t afraid of the sonorous voice of the great dao at all despite being a True Immortal. However, when a True Immortal’s Immortal qi faced against a Virtual Immortal’s Immortal Essence, they would still feel powerless.

Wherever a Virtual Immortal’s Immortal Essence reached, the True Immortal’s singular Immortal qi wouldn’t be able to put up any defense at all. It would only be shattered apart instantly.

This wasn’t related to who the martial art practitioner was, nor was it related to which kind of supreme martial art they cultivated.

However, now, that scene of abnormality happened.

“The issue isn’t with him, but the water!” Li Xingba was someone that had achieved the dao during the Ancient era, after all. With how knowledgeable he was, he instantly understood where the problem lies.

Yan Zhaoge disappeared within the water screen, while the illusory water streams’ colors slowly transformed from transparent to dark yellow.

Li Xingba was surprised upon seeing the dark yellow water streams. Within a deep part of his memories, ripples undulated.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge’s voice seemed to have rebounded from every corner.

“Seems like neither the Exalted Solar Luminary nor Chen Qianhua mentioned anything related about me to you.”

Yan Zhaoge said plainly, “I can already guess your plan – to use the Nine Underworlds Great Devil to hold my wife back, while you two work together to capture me.”

“Although you’ve seen my Later Earth Text previously, you aren’t afraid of it at all. After all, the martial arts you’ve learned, as well as the Earth Splitting Pearl, allows you to remain fearless towards it.”

“However, I’ve never planned on using the Earth Queen’s treasure even once.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Although the Earth Queen’s insightful strength was unique, and she had a unique secret martial art that could pass down the text inscriptions of the Grand Heavenly Immortals which were deemed difficult to preserve, it’s still considered an engravement type of treasure. It’s better to use it more carefully.”

If used too frequently with no time given to rest, the Later Earth Text might suffer from an irreversible declination and might even be destroyed.

“However, this place is a Starry River Water Vein.” The hints of laughter disappeared from Yan Zhaoge’s voice. He plainly said, “To me, this is a favorable environment. However, this spot marks your graves.”

“I’ve already mentioned this previously. Here, whether you can preserve your lives isn’t up to you all anymore. Rather…”

Following Yan Zhaoge’s voice, the entire Starry River Tributary turned dark yellow in that instant.

Layers of dark winds continuously roared about by the water surface.

“I’m the one with the final say.”