Chapter 1409 - Earth Devil

To Yan Zhaoge and the Sky beyond Skies, there had always been many remaining internal problems. Other than the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord illuminating Fu Ting, Meng Wan, He Xixing, and the others, there was also the Nine Underworlds threat.

It wasn’t solely due to the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong and Chu Lili being troubled by the Water Devil. Within the Broad Creed Mountain, there were also problems regarding Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen.

In the past, Yan Zhaoge possessed insufficient knowledge. However, as his cultivation slowly grew, and he came in contact with higher and higher-level experts, he gradually understood Shi Jun and his mother’s current conditions.

It became much more apparent after Feng Yunsheng’s return. It affirmed the guesses of Yan Zhaoge and Chen Xuanzong.

In the Eight Extremities Worlds, Yan Zhaoge had never expected that the Nine Underworlds Evil Devil related to Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen was of strong origins.

At that time, he assumed that the two had merely suffered heavy casualties. To prevent succumbing to the devils, they had to remain in slumber for a long time to condition themselves.

Yet, he never expected them to be the reincarnation candidates of the Great Devils.

Their bodies were extremely suitable.

When a Great Devil reborn, their bodily candidates were utterly unrelated to a person’s cultivation or potential. Instead, it all depended on compatibility.

Shi Jun was being coveted by a Grand Virtual level Great Devil before the devil perished in the past.

His mother, which was Shi Songtao’s wife – Ying Yuzhen, was much more shocking.

The Great Devil that attempted to use Ying Yuzhen’s physique to reincarnate was a top-notch Evil Devil at the same level as the Heart Devil, the Wood Devil, and the Water Devil. He was one of the Twelve Devilish Gods – the Earth Devil!

Before perishing, it was a top-notch Great Devil within the Nine Underworlds, which possessed cultivation on par with a Grand Heavenly Immortal.

Such a devil attempting to reincarnate using Ying Yuzhen’s physique was much more problematic than the Water Devil reincarnating through Chen Xuanzong.

At the very least, Chen Xuanzong had already pushed open the Immortal Door for thousands of years and was already of the Profound Immortal Realm. He wasn’t that far off from the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm.

Even so, he was still walking on thin ice the entire time.

Compared to Chen Xuanzong, or Great Devils like the Water Devil or the Earth Devil, Ying Yuzhen’s cultivation was considered negligible.

To a certain extent, due to Ying Yuzhen remaining by death’s door for so many years, she managed to stall it until now.

However, as time passed, the days of the Earth Devil reincarnating through her was getting nearer and nearer.

“I feel like the Earth Devil had already completed his preparations during the past few years. He could take action at any time.” Feng Yunsheng’s expression became serious.

Chen Xuanzong and Yan Zhaoge could be considered the individuals who understood the Nine Underworlds the most.

As for the matters regarding Ying Yuzhen and the Earth Devil, the three arrived at the same conclusion through observation.

“The Earth Devil should have a deep understanding of Aunt Yuzhen’s condition. He should also have an understanding of the surrounding environment.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “Reincarnating is his goal. However, he surely wouldn’t wish to be killed once again the moment he reincarnates.”

Ying Yuzhen’s cultivation was far too weak after all.

Even with the Earth Devil reincarnating using her physique and going through the Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid, she would remain weak initially.

Even if her cultivation increased tremendously, she still needed time. No matter how short the time required was, it was impossible to improve in one go immediately. Instead, a gradual process was necessary.

If the Earth Devil reincarnated in an inappropriate situation, he would undoubtedly be placed in an unfavorable position. It was much more dangerous than the Water Devil reincarnating through Chu Lili or Chen Xuanzong.

As such, the Earth Devil had to seize the opportunity if he wanted to roam around the world again, rather than be killed the instant he reincarnated.

“He could be waiting for the Water Devil and the chance for the two to act together.” Feng Yunsheng said, “The Nine Underworlds Great Devils should be awaiting their return.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Indeed.”

After contemplating for a moment, he turned his head and looked towards Feng Yunsheng, “Is it confirmed that the Evil Devil reincarnating through Little Jun’s physique is of the Earth Devil’s subordinate?”

“There shouldn’t be any mistakes,” answered Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge pondered and said, “Then it’s no wonder why they’ve remained quiet even until now.”

Contrary to Ying Yuzhen, who was in slumber, Shi Jun had already woken up. He moved around like normal, and his cultivation continued growing. Currently, he was already the Broad Creed Mountain’s leading figure among the fourth generation disciples. He had already ascended to the Martial Saint Realm for many years, and his cultivation continued to increase.

The unique seal within his body had been buried even until now. Under normal circumstances, it wouldn’t affect his daily activities.

However, even Shi Jun himself knew that the seal was a timebomb within his body.

Yan Zhaoge and the entire Broad Creed Mountain had been closely observing Shi Jun’s condition.

Later, through Feng Yunsheng and Chen Xuanzong’s observation, they realized that Shi Jun’s condition was considered unique.

The Great Devil that intended to reincarnate using his body was the Earth Devil’s subordinate. When the two had perished, the subordinate would only have hopes to reincarnate after the Earth Devil himself had reincarnated. Otherwise, even if the subordinate had acquired an appropriate physique, he could only wait patiently.

His insightful strength would be the same as the Earth Devil’s reincarnation.

For example, if the Earth Devil reincarnated into the Stone Devil, the subordinate’s element attribute would be similar to that.

Shi Jun’s condition seemed so normal during the past few years because the subordinate hadn’t taken any action.

He was waiting for his master.

Now, the time was almost ripe. He only had to wait for that final moment.

“Hopefully, this thing will see its uses.” Yan Zhaoge kept the string away, “I’ll go have a look at Little Jun and Aunt Yuzhen.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Our sect’s elder mentioned that the Roving Jade Heaven’s senior apprentice-sister Yu had returned. I shall accompany her for the meantime.”

“Alright, I’ll be there later,” answered Yan Zhaoge.

After the two bid farewell, Yan Zhaoge went to find Shi Jun.

Now that the Broad Creed Mountain had flourished, every disciple that reached a particular cultivation or possessed specific qualifications could have their cave manor within the mountain range.

However, Shi Jun’s condition was more unique. As such, he remained by the sect. He was also much more willing to accompany his mother, who was still in slumber.

When he arrived at Shi Jun’s residence, someone else was already present.

It was Shi Jun’s master – “Heavenly Roc” Xu Fei.

“Senior apprentice-brother Xu.” Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands and let out a sigh in his heart.

Xue Fei was currently the head of the Broad Creed Mountain’s Assignment Hall. After the older generation slowly relinquished from managing the sect’s affairs, he became the sect leader – Yan Di’s number one helper. In fact, in terms of managing the sect’s internal affairs, he could be coined as Yan Di’s number one assistant.

Just like his master – Shi Tie, no one resented Xu Fei’s methods of handling affairs.

Although Shi Jun was his disciple, Xu Fei remained upright when official matters were involved.

However, in private, Xu Fei’s care for Shi Jun had never stopped.

After receiving the information regarding the Earth Devil, he had been worried ever since.

“Junior apprentice-brother Yan.” Xu Fei raised his head and smiled. Shi Jun, who was beside him, quickly stood up and happily said, “Senior apprentice-uncle Yan, you’re back?”