Chapter 1410 - Soon

Chapter 1410: Soon

Despite being concerned about Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen, Xu Fei never presented his worries on his face. Instead, he remained his straightforward self.

Shi Jun also greeted Yan Zhaoge with an expression filled with joy.

“That’s right, and I’m back.” Yan Zhaoge said, “We brought the Bright Connection Emperor’s remains back.”

Although Xu Fei and Shi Jun did not know the existence of Immortal Court, they naturally heard of Bright Connection Emperor Hu Yuexin.

Yan Zhaoge had vaguely talked about the tales regarding Hu Yuexin and the Dim Radiant Emperor – Yi Tianxia. As such, Xu Fei and Shi Jun said with a serious expression, “Our forebearer’s souls had finally returned to their homeland. That’s a grand occasion.”

“The Exalted Wood Luminary’s lineage had been filled with heroic individuals. Other than this small matter, we, as the later generation, can only continue pushing forward to avoid disappointing them.” Yan Zhaoge purposely relaxed and looked towards Shi Jun with a smile, “Little Jun, you’ve improved a lot these past few years. This time, I brought something good for you.”

Shi Jun asked curiously, “Something good?”

Yan Zhaoge presented the strand that he acquired from the Crane Demon, “This treasure is capable of dispersing the Devil’s hidden threats implanted within Aunt Yuzhen and your body.”

“After these problems have been settled with, you’ll experience a surge in improvement, with no more hurdles blocking your pathway.”

After hearing what Yan Zhaoge said, Shi Jun said happily, “With your blessings, how dare I not do my best? However, it seems only one string is available. If that’s the case, please prioritize taking care of my mother.”

He said with some hints of embarrassment, “I’m aware that senior apprentice-uncle Yan, the Sect Leader, and my masters had already considered this, and there’s no need for me to repeat it. However, I still somewhat miss her.”

Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei both smiled. Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “Relax. This string isn’t going to be used on you alone. In fact, it could even take care of your mother and son duo, and even an addition of the Astro Sovereign.”

“Oh, that’s great, that’s great.” Shi Jun smiled upon hearing his words.

Yan Zhaoge followed the two into the residence and went towards the back hall.

An ice coffin was quietly placed there, with a woman in slumber located within. She was Shi Jun’s mother – Ying Yuzhen.

Yan Zhaoge lightly flicked his finger. As flickers appeared, releasing the seal formation engraved to the ice coffin.

Despite knowing that the Earth Devil would remain prudent and wouldn’t make any rash actions, precautions still had to be done.

After lifting the seal, Yan Zhaoge opened the ice coffin. He extended his hand and placed it unto the air atop Ying Yuzhen’s forehead.

Under the influence of Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal qi, a seal appeared on Ying Yuzhen’s forehead.

After the seal appeared, Yan Zhaoge instantly felt that a pair of shapeless eyes were staring at him.

The feeling flashed by in an instant, with no more traces remaining. One would doubt whether that was merely an illusion or not.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression remained unfazed, and used his fingertip to lift the string. The string broke apart and descended towards Ying Yuzhen’s forehead. It covered Ying Yuzhen’s forehead and covered that seal.

Then, Yan Zhaoge kept the remaining string back into his pocket. He then started drawing the outlines of numerous seals within thin air, and every time a seal was done, they landed on the surface of Ying Yuzhen’s forehead.

After a short while, a miniature yet complex and profound formation was fused within.

After finishing everything, Yan Zhaoge retracted his hand and cast another seal upon the ice coffin that was shut tight once again.

The woman in the ice coffin never budged at all, as if she didn’t possess any sense of awareness. She was already deeply asleep.

“Let’s go.” Yan Zhaoge nodded his head, and the three walked out together. Then, Yan Zhaoge turned his head to look towards Shi Jun.

Shi Jun immediately sat in a lotus position to meditate. He closed his eyes and retracted his aura.

Yan Zhaoge repeated his previous movements. He cut off a small part of the string and engraved it upon a seal which landed on Shi Jun’s forehead.

Shi Jun sat down quietly. With his current sensitive self-control, he only felt his soul wavering a little.

As if he had become much brighter and more agile, yet it seemed like more impurities existed within him.

The two contradicting opposing senses appeared at the same time, which seemed both right and wrong. Such a situation was incredibly profound for him.

After hearing Shi Jun’s description, Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That should be right. This affirms my previous guesses.”

Upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Xu Fei and Shi Jun both felt excited.

“Little Jun, focus on your cultivation. You don’t need to worry too much about Aunt Yuzhen. Now isn’t the time for us to meet our opponents yet.” Yan Zhaoge stood up and bid farewell, “Our enemies are awaiting an opportunity. However, their opportunity is also ours. When the time comes, let’s decide whose methods are far superior.”

He looked directly into Shi Jun’s eyes, “When fighting against a Devil, external help is merely able to support you. The very foundation of fighting is still reliant on your willpower.”

Shi Jun said with a straight face, “I understand. I shall take your teachings to my heart, senior apprentice-uncle Yan.”

“There are still other matters within the sect. I shall leave along with you, junior apprentice-brother Yan.” Xu Fei looked towards Shi Jun, “Today’s class shall end here. Slowly digest what I told you, and analyze them. You can’t be in a rush to break through the void and see a true divinity. What you need is time to accumulate.”

Shi Jun sent the two out of the residence, “Relax, master. I understand.”

After leaving Shi Jun’s residence, Yan Zhaoge said emotionally, “In the blink of an eye, so many years had already passed.”

“Yeah, it’s been decades…” Xi Fei zoned out for a while.

“Senior apprentice-brother Xu, you’ve worked hard for the past few years.” Yan Zhaoge said, “I’m too lazy to take care of the matters related to the sect. It’s all thanks to you that my father’s matters could be taken care of.”

Cultivating requires time whilst settling the affairs of the sect required time as well.

Even if he didn’t tend to every single matter and left most matters to his subordinates, a leader was still required most of the time.

Unless the younger generation could bear such a burden, the Broad Creed’s older generation had no way of relaxing.

Xu Fei himself was a martial art prodigy and was also working hard in improving his cultivation.

Under normal circumstances, nothing about him seemed to stand out. However, every step of his improvement was extremely stable, and very rarely would he ever be held back by a bottleneck.

Throughout the entire time, he had been assisting Yan Di, Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun, and the others in handling the sect’s affairs. Yet, his cultivation had never fallen behind, either. He had already reached the Late Seeing Divinity Realm – the Martial Saint Realm Sixth Level,

In terms of cultivation alone, Xu Fei was merely behind Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di Yuan Zhengfeng, and Fang Zhun within the Broad Creed Mountain.

He possessed exceptional talents in martial arts, as well as outstanding strength. When settling affairs related to the sect, he usually handled them tidily and righteously.

Unless he was like Yan Zhaoge, whose condition was deemed superior, he was deemed as the most likely candidate to take over the Broad Creed Sect.

Xu Fei came back to his senses and smiled, “What are you talking about? As the sect’s disciple, I’m not supposed to neglect my responsibilities. Moreover, the things you’ve done during the past few years were much grander than what I did, and each and every one of them was capable of shocking the entire world. Compared to the sect’s small matters, the things that you’ve done are far difficult, yet you’ve done every single one of them. That’s what you call capability.”

“No matter if it’s a big or small matter, someone has to do it either way. Those that can settle these matters would be considered terrific,” said Yan Zhaoge with a chuckle.

Xu Fei laughed, “As expected, there’s no need for me to praise you. You’re already praising yourself.”

After laughing, his expression turned serious, and he softly asked, “Zhaoge, are we about to face the Nine Underworlds to settle our grudges soon?”