Chapter 1416 - Take The Initiative Instead

Chapter 1416: Take the Initiative Instead

The clash between youthful talents would often result in the spark of an inspiration.

Such a situation occurred, notably, when two warriors of similar cultivation paths originating from different lineages clashed against each other.

However, dueling with others was ultimately a matter of winning. The higher the pressure, the higher the drive, and the higher one could squeeze their potential out or even notice their drawbacks.

“It also takes time to reflect and accumulate.” Yan Zhaoge’s suggestion convinced Yu Ye. After contemplating for a while, she answered, “Actually, ten years is a good time period. It gives me enough time to study new stuff, perfectly shape my new knowledge, and show it to senior apprentice-brother Nie.”

Or, when she encountered a hurdle, she could even correct herself through dueling with Nie Jingshen.

Moreover, the two weren’t that close to each other. When dueling, the desire to win wouldn’t be influenced by anything, thus allowing them to display their own talents.

If people of the same sect didn’t bear a grudge against each other, they wouldn’t feel any restraints to perform normally during a duel. However, they would hardly display their capabilities to the fullest.

After Long Xingquan and Gao Qingxuan married each other, they had dueled against each other as well.

However, according to him, his rewards weren’t as great as when he fought against Gao Qingxuan at the Roving Jade Heavens with full strength in the past.

The Prime Clear Lineage and the Jade Capital Crag Lineage had been in dispute for thousands of years. Now, the two sides had already understood each other’s sword arts. Innovating their old sword arts and continuing to deepen their insights wasn’t an easy feat.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye were rare talents of the sword. As the two continued to clash against each other, the two would undoubtedly acquire insurmountable benefits.

Most martial art practitioners are competitive. Even Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen were of no exception.

While their consecutive ties allowed each other’s attainments to improve drastically, they also strongly desired to win against each other.

Due to the previous generation’s dispute, their older generation might remain attached to the duel outcome. However, to the younger generation, every single duel was a chance to improve themselves. It would further increase their insights towards the sword, allowing them to strengthen themselves.

“What senior apprentice-uncle Long said was right. After my grandparents fought against each other, the quality classified as the pinnacle of sword duel had finally appeared between you two.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “We’ve agreed on this beforehand. During your duel this time, we husband and wife are going to spectate from the side. Don’t chase us away.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled and nodded with an interested look.

Most martial art practitioners that reached a higher realm would hold extreme passion towards martial arts.

Even if she didn’t practice sword arts, and her current cultivation far surpassed Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye, interacting with other martial arts forms would broaden her horizon.

“I’m fine with it. It depends on senior apprentice-brother Nie.” Yu Ye nodded.

Her saying that meant that there wasn’t any problem. As long as they wouldn’t interfere with the duel, Nie Jingshen didn’t mind others watching either.

Upon mentioning her duel against Nie Jingshen, Yu Ye slowed blanked out once again. The transformations of the two’s sword arts surfaced within her mind. She thought back to their previous encounters and predicted the process of the duel happening later.

Looking at her eyes gradually losing focus, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng couldn’t help but laugh.

“I still have some preparations to make for the Nine Underworlds Evil Devils.” Yan Zhaoge decided to leave Yu Ye alone. He sent a voice transmission to Feng Yunsheng, “Accompany her here for a while, and arrange her residence. After senior apprentice-brother Nie returns, inform me.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Go ahead; don’t worry about us.”

After Yan Zhaoge left, he returned to his residence by the Broad Creed Mountain.

On the way back, he had already thought about what to do. As such, the instant he returned, he immediately started laying down a formation by his room.

Then, he took out the light strand acquired from the Crane Demon.

He cut another part of the stand and kept the remaining ones. Then, he wrapped the cut-off strand with a cinnabar talisman.

He took out a small bottle which contained the Devil Sealing Sacred Water.

The cinnabar talisman wrapped the strand and was placed within the small bottle. It was then soaked within the Devil Sealing Sacred Water.

He did a hand seal, and the small bottle imbued the formation’s powers. Then, the small jade bottle gradually turned transparent and disappeared without a trace.

As for the Devil Sealing Sacred Water, they transformed into cavorting embers.

Yan Zhaoge sat in a lotus position and pulled the embers closed to his chest. Then, his hand seals changed, and runes after runes flew into the ember.

A whole forty-nine hours passed just like that.

As the ember finally dissipated, only a talisman remained by the air.

The cinnabar talisman and the wrapped strand had disappeared as well.

Only the transparent talisman glittering with faint radiances remained.

Yan Zhaoge extended his palm, and the glittering paper laid flatly on his palm. Then, it disappeared by fusing with his palm.

He remained seated on the ground. Then, he adjusted his breath and continued cultivating.

After a night passed, Yan Zhaoge finally felt fatigued.

He continued cultivating in his room.

Later, Feng Yunsheng ordered a young disciple to report to Yan Zhaoge about Nie Jingshen’s return.

“Senior apprentice-brother Nie.” After seeing Nie Jingshen once again, Yan Zhaoge smiled and cupped his hands.

A smile appeared on the cold and silent teenage man in black, “How have you been, junior apprentice-brother Yan?”

“You even allowed my wife and me to spectate the duel between senior apprentice-sister Yu and you. Of course, I’m fine,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

Nie Jingshen nodded, “Of course I wouldn’t mind.”

Feng Yunsheng laughed and said, “Then, we’ll be disturbing you.”

As they were talking, Yan Zhaoge’s expression changed slightly, “There’s news from my father and Senior Chen.”

Upon hearing that, Feng Yunsheng, Nie Jingshen, and Yu Ye both looked towards him.

They were aware of what Yan Di and Chen Xuanzong were doing. They had also been paying attention while waiting for new information reports.

“Hold on…” Light blue radiances surfaced from his eyes. They intertwined with each other and formed into various complicated runes that flowed by his eyes.

After a long while, the blue lights dissipated. Yan Zhaoge’s gaze also returned to normal.

He let out a long breath and looked at everyone present.

“There’s news regarding Chu Lili.”

Upon hearing his words, everyone became excited. After calming down, they almost asked in unison, “Is Senior Chu still safe?”

“I’m not certain as of now. We’ll have to await further confirmation.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “The clue is related to the Exalted Solar Luminary.”

Feng Yunsheng asked, “Shall we go over now?”

“They’ve already gone ahead. There’s no need for us to rush.” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “If Senior Chu had already fallen into the hands of the Nine Underworlds, she might be a bait that serves to distract us.”

“This implied that the Nine Underworlds’ plans had already reached its final stage. Soon, the Water Devil and the Earth Devil would make their moves together.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his hand and looked at his palm, “We shouldn’t remain a passive stance. We should take the initiative instead.”