Chapter 1418 - Domain Of Thousand Scales

Yan Zhaoge looked towards the devilish pattern inscribed by Chu Lili’s forehead. Within the pattern, an eye seemed to have traversed through the river of time, the boundless void, the various kinds of laws and stared right back at Yan Zhaoge.

The eye seemed cold and quiet, with seemingly no ripples of emotions hidden within. It projected the pitch-black coldness of a cosmos.

Yan Zhaoge remained unfazed. He repeated his actions, engraved the cut-off strand into a seal, and embedded it within Chu Lili’s forehead using a secret art.

The devilish pattern cracks slowly closed itself and ultimately vanished.

Even if this didn’t solve the roots of the problem, to a certain extent, it could still affect the Water Devil’s senses of the outside world when in preparation for reincarnation.

Yan Zhaoge did nothing else and only looked at the crack that was gradually healing. He quietly waited on the spot and observed the crack.

The pair of eyes that previously met his vanished.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s senses told him that a looming intent still existed.

Only, no further actions were taken.

The two seemed to be competing against each other’s patience.

Yan Zhaoge looked towards Feng Yunsheng, while Feng Yunsheng nodded with a stern expression.

Upon seeing that, Yan Zhaoge let out a long breath and extended his palm. From his palm, faint radiances appeared.

Upon being shone by the radiance, Chu Lili’s seemingly dormant body shrunk speedily and flew into the radiance.

“Let’s go and meet Senior Chen,” said Yan Zhaoge.

As expected, without seeing Chen Xuanzong, the enemy decided to stay put temporarily.

The three checked the rubble area one last time and left without finding anything else. They headed towards the Domain of Thousand Scales to meet up with Chen Xuanzong.

On the way there, Yan Zhaoge had been contacting others as well.

All of a sudden, everyone in the light and the dark started gathering towards one place.

After a long journey, Yan Zhaoge and the others finally arrived at their destination.

When looking afar, sparkles of reflected sunlight appeared by the dark void, forming a seemingly long river.

Upon getting nearer to it, one could tell that it was filled with streams after streams of lights rather than being a river. They actively pranced around as if millions of giant silver carps were undulating from the surface of the water.

As the streams of lights connecting as one, the image from afar resembled a long river.

That was the location which Yan Zhaoge and the others carefully picked to fight against the Evil Devils.

No matter if it were Chen Xuanzong, Chu Lili, Shi Jun, or Ying Yuzhen, the opportunity to settle their problems would be when their enemies make a move.

Yan Zhaoge and the others had to wait for their opponents to make a move. Only by then could they counter-attack and grasp the opportune moment amidst danger.

They had already fallen behind their opponents. Whether they could chase up to their opponents remained at a fifty-fifty chance.

Since they had already lost the initiative, Yan Zhaoge and the others decided to compensate it through the location.

Naturally, fighting at a precisely prepared location was far better than fighting in a neutral ground, or even the enemy’s main battlefield – the Nine Underworlds.

When Chen Xuanzong discovered this location, Yan Zhaoge was overjoyed.

Even if a water vein like the Starry River Tributary was more beneficial for Yan Zhaoge in displaying the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation’s strength, the same location was also extremely beneficial for the Water Devil. He would rather use this Domain of Thousand Scales instead.

Chen Xuanzong would wait at that location beforehand, while his group would bring Chu Lili over. With this, they could ensure that the battle would only transpire in the Domain of Thousand Scales.

Even when Chen Xuanzong was worried about Jie Mingkong and Chu Lili, he forcefully suppressed his emotions and went to the designated spot first.

“Senior Chen had already completed his preparations.” Upon arriving at the Domain of Thousand Scales, Yan Zhaoge first delivered a message to Chen Xuanzong. After a while, Chen Xuanzong replied to him. Then, Yan Zhaoge and the others entered the Domain of Thousand Scales.

Upon entering the Domain of Thousand Scales, the streams of lights rendered Yan Zhaoge and the others unable to control their body. The streams of lights could only carry them.

Here, the concept of time seemed to have lost its meaning.

The three seemed to be undulating by the river of time.

“

Ci!

” Yan Zhaoge extended his hand and wrote some runes in thin air. Then, the runes transformed into clumps of radiances that enveloped them, and they sank downwards.

After the radiance dispersed, the scenery in front of them changed.

Their surroundings were still filled with streams of lights as if the rapid river waters had never stopped flowing.

From the outside, they still seemed to be connected, forming the image of a river.

However, light streams were shooting towards all directions within. Just like the surface of a sphere, they enveloped Yan Zhaoge and the others within.

A jet-black golden sphere was located right in front of them.

It resembled the size of a star. The dense sphere quietly hung by the void and was enveloped by the streams of lights.

The gold sphere’s surface was smooth and even, with no holes or gaps existing in between.

When Yan Zhaoge’s hand came in contact with the gold sphere, a huge seal was projected.

Then, while the solid gold sphere’s shape remained unchanged, it’s texture had already turned soft, as if it was made out of the water instead.

Yan Zhaoge and the others passed through the sphere’s surface using their body and entered within.

It was pitch-black inside, with no lights to be seen.

However, Yan Zhaoge could sense the presence of someone.

It was the Exalted Water Luminary – Chen Xuanzong.

“You brought Chu Lili over? How’s her condition?” Chen Xuanzong’s voice resounded from the darkness, “Have you met Jie Kongming yet?”

Yan Zhaoge replied, “I haven’t met Senior Jie yet. As of now, Senior Chu’s condition is still quite stable. I also added another layer of seal.”

“With the seal, the Domain of Thousand Scales outside, and the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual, we have three lines of defense.” He spread his hands, and radiances appeared from his palm, “As long as the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil doesn’t make a move, we should be able to hold them back for a short amount of time.”

If other Dao Ancestors allowed a Devil Ancestor like the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil to make his move, Yan Zhaoge and the others weren’t to be blamed for their failure.

“However, if other Great Devils invaded this area and fought against us, we can’t be certain anymore if they broke through the Domain of Thousand Scales and the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual,” said Yan Zhaoge with a serious expression. “Which is why we shouldn’t waste any time.”

A small silhouette of Chu Lili flew out from the radiance in his palm. Then, her figure slowly reverted to her original size.

“Yeah, we should be quick…” Chen Xuanzong took Chu Lili’s body.

With the radiance shining from Yan Zhaoge’s palm, Chen Xuanzong stared at Chu Lili’s slumbering face.

He slowly said, “If that’s the case, let us start now.”

The radiances by Yan Zhaoge’s palm dispersed, and darkness filled his sight once again.

Chen Xuanzong also sat in a lotus position while facing Chu Lili, and the two sat by the void together.

He formed hand seals with both of his hands. Then, he pointed his index finger towards his forehead, while his other index finger tapped Chu Lili’s forehead.