Chapter 1415 - Ten Years War Treaty

Chapter 1415: Ten Years War Treaty

“The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil hadn’t appeared for far too long. Does he still exist in this world or not?” asked Yu Ye, who was filled with curiosity.

Yan Zhaoge turned his head and looked towards Feng Yunsheng. Feng Yunsheng said softly, “Very likely. The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had yet to transcend and haven’t perished either. He’s still well alive within the world. As for how he currently is, I’m not too sure either.”

Among the Twelve Devilish Gods, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was positioned among the Six Ancestral Devils. He was born during the Early Heavens and was one of the Devil’s Dao Ancestors. He was stronger than the Heart Devil, the Shadow Devil, the Water Devil, and the Earth Devil.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil was suppressed, while the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil had perished. As a result, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was undoubtedly the number one expert among the Devils that could rival other Dao Realm bigwigs.

Although he hadn’t appeared for many years, no one could neglect this Ancestral Devil’s existence.

“The Heart Devil and the Wood Devil still exists, while the Water Devil is troubling the Astro Sovereign, and the Earth Devil is troubling your sect’s disciples.” Yu Ye asked again, “Then, how about the Devil of Aged Metal and the Devil of Fire?”

Yan Zhaoge replied, “I’m not too sure about the Devil of Fire. As for the Devil of Aged Metal, he’s still under the state of perishment, without any signs of being reincarnated.”

When he entered the Nine Underworlds to find Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge had come across the battlefield where his grandfather – Yan Xintang fought against the Devil of Aged Metal’s previous reincarnation, the Sword Devil – Yin Shiyang.

There, some of the Sword Devil – Yin Shiyang’s essence remained. However, they had mostly withered away, with everything remaining as history.

If the new Devil of Aged Metal was reincarnated, some transformations might occur by the remains of that location. After all, it was situated within the Nine Underworlds.

However, after leaving the World beyond Worlds, Yan Zhaoge had never entered the Nine Underworlds anymore to prevent leaking his whereabouts. Hence, he wasn’t sure what happened after that.

“At times, we can notice the traces of Great Devils reincarnating through others’ physiques. However, some are barely noticeable.” Yan Zhaoge helplessly said, “Or should I say, even if we noticed it, we wouldn’t have the time to deal with it. Of course, if the physique’s owner had a resolute will and could maintain his state of mind for a long period, things would turn out differently.”

For example, the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong, or Chu Lili under his care.

As for people like Ying Yuzhen and Shi Jun, their physique had some health problems, thus delaying the devil’s reincarnation.

However, there were many occasions where the Great Devil only took a short amount of time to reincarnate, which caught many others off guard.

This happened to the Sword Devil – Yin Shiyang and Chu Lili’s father, the Ice Devil – Chu Heng.

Precisely because of this, a top-notch Great Devil reincarnating through others’ physique and executing the Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid would often catch people off guard.

Or, some devils might have a more extended period of lurking time. However, when they’re lurking, rarely any signs would be shown. At the moment they make their move, an unavoidable catastrophe would occur.

Otherwise, if the devils were exposed beforehand every time, and they required a long period of preparation, their goal of reincarnating would typically be stopped, with little to no chance of succeeding.

Even if it sounded somewhat cruel, there were stories of the physiques being exposed beforehand, resulting in them being disposed of on the spot, causing the devil’s efforts to go to waste.

Only, Yan Zhaoge and the others never considered such methods.

“Although we’re stuck in a passive state, we can’t be too rash. Otherwise, our enemies might find some way to take advantage of us.” Yan Zhaoge added, “Let us wait patiently for now.”

Feng Yunsheng and Yu Ye both nodded.

Yan Zhaoge looked towards Yu Ye and smiled, “Before senior apprentice-brother Nie returns, are you going to wait here, or at the Jade Capital Crag?”

“I’m fine with both,” answered Yu Ye absent-mindedly.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Then, wait with us here. After senior apprentice-brother Nie returns, we’ll ask him to wait along with us. He should be arriving pretty soon.”

“I know. Before I came here, my uncle had asked me about the Jade Capital Crag, and said that senior apprentice-brother Nie would be returning soon. He then asked me to come over here,” said Yu Ye with a nod.

Yan Zhaoge asked with slight interest, “This should be your third battle, right? You’ve already had a tie twice. Did you come here to prepare something new?”

“Somewhat.” Upon saying this, Yu Ye’s eyes shone, and she displayed a seemingly proud expression.

“Then, I wish you a victory.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and clasped his hands together.

Yu Ye opened her mouth and was about to say something. Then, her feelings deflated like a balloon, “Victory… I can’t be too sure about that. Every time, senior apprentice-brother Nie would come up with something new as well.”

As she spoke, a smile appeared on her face, and she seemed to be looking forward to the battle, “Every time we fought, I’ll be rewarded greatly with knowledge and how profound his techniques are. Every time I dwell within, I’ll have a hard time pulling myself out of it.”

“Isn’t it fun to have a sword duel? In the past, even though senior apprentice-uncle Long’s words were a little too harsh, his intention of going to the Roving Jade Heavens was merely to duel with the Prime Clear sword cultivators. According to him, he has received boundless experiences after fighting against Senior Gao and grandmother.” Yan Zhaoge shrugged.

“Unfortunately, things worsened later on. The grudges held on both sides got even worse, which resulted in their current relationship.” He said with sincerity, “If this grudge could slowly disappear, that would be for the best.”

As the Roving Jade Heavens moved into the Awakened Sky Hall, the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying, who held the deepest grudge against the Jade Capital Crag, had left. As a result, the Roving Jade Heavens slowly reconciled with the Jade Capital Crag.

Even if the two sides weren’t on friendly terms and even had a vague sense of hostility in between, nothing too intense had happened.

However, discarding all their previous grudges against each other seemed highly unlikely.

After all, when the two sides were in a hostile state, casualties had occurred.

Even the Prime Clear Lineage’s Gao Qingxuan, who was the friendliest with the Jade Capital Crag, had never forgotten about Yan Xintang oppressing the Roving Jade Heavens with his sword.

One of her lifetime’s biggest regrets was that she couldn’t fight against Yan Xintang anymore to wash away the stain in her life – her defeat.

Even if her son Long Xueji possessed outstanding talents, Long Xueji’s Jade Clear sword arts’ teachings greatly influenced him during his uprising.

No matter if he won or lost against a Jade Clear sword cultivator, he wouldn’t be able to determine the advantages and disadvantages of the Jade Clear and Prime Clear sword arts.

Fortunately, an abundance of talented youths sprouted from both sides. Moreover, their age and cultivation were similar as well.

The Prime Clear Lineage had placed their hopes on Yu Ye and He Mian, in hopes that they could win over Yan Xintang disciple – Nie Jingshen, and wash away the shame of the past.

He Mian had fought against Nie Jingshen and ultimately got defeated under Nie Jingshen’s blade.

As for Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen, they fought against each other once every decade. During the past decades, their battles resulted in a tie on both occasions.

Now that the new decade was coming once again, Yu Ye came here to fulfill her promise.

Previously, Nie Jingshen had left the Sky beyond Skies to adventure around the Awakened Sky Hall. However, he would return very soon to fulfill the promise of the war treaty between the two.

“It’s not about us winning or losing anymore. It’s just the older generation bearing the grudges until now.” Yu Ye looked towards Yan Zhaoge, “After all, both He Mian and I can’t win against you. You’re the Exalted Gold Luminary’s true bloodline descendant.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hand, “But I’m not a sword cultivator. My insights on the Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword pales in comparison to senior apprentice-brother Nie. I can’t represent my grandfather’s sword arts, and I can only be considered sub-par. If even senior apprentice-brother Nie couldn’t win against you with his Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword, I can’t possibly win against you.”

He smiled and said, “I feel like there’s no need for you two to fight against each other within a certain time period. As long as you’re interested, go ahead and duel with each other. It’s beneficial for both of your improvements.”