Chapter 1426 - Hostage

Chapter 1426: Hostage

Ling Qing was currently standing within the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation as well. As such, she had also received some assistance from the formation’s power.

Gao Qingxuan and her were already at the Grand Virtual Realm. Despite receiving limited benefits from the formation, it still allowed their strength to experience improvement. When fighting against experts, a minor increment would result in gaining an advantage.

As the vast formation operated, white radiances enshrouded the entire void. When the formation’s power circulated, the surrounding Devilish aura dissipated.

For a moment, the Domain of Thousand Scales remained impregnable.

Upon witnessing the formation’s effects, the Grand Immortal Level Devil brawling against Feng Yunsheng cast a dark underworld thunder upon the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation.

Only, Feng Yunsheng had already anticipated his move. She slashed her saber horizontally, catching the dark thunder mid-air, preventing her opponent from pressurizing the formation.

Yan Zhaoge merely stood by the Domain of Thousand Scales’ prancing streams of lights and looked towards the sky.

He divided his attention into two parts. One was to assist Yan Di and the others in maintaining the formation, while the other kept the conditions of Chen Xuanzong and Chu Lili in check.

Despite meticulously dealing with the Devils’ attacks, Yan Zhaoge had no room for relaxing.

Yan Di’s attacks were fierce. However, he couldn’t possibly keep up with such domineering attacks for a long time.

Those that erected the formation weren’t as vigorous as they previously were anymore. Fortunately, it also disposed of their worries, which allowed them to deal with their opponents much longer.

However, Feng Yunsheng couldn’t possibly withstand a long battle.

Not because she had low endurance, but because she had to prevent the Devilish Intent from corroding her.

While a Grand Heavenly Level Doomsday Blade was sufficient in cleaning up the entire battlefield, Feng Yunsheng wasn’t mentally prepared to cross that boundary.

“It all depends on who’s faster…” Yan Zhaoge stared at the void and muttered to himself.

If they could first deal with the Water Devil’s threats, they could then retreat as they willed.

If their opponents destroyed their defense line, all their effort put into dealing with the Water Devil might go to waste.

Something worthy of being cautious about was that other Devils might arrive to assist as well, which would further pressurize their defense line.

As Yan Zhaoge was pensive, his complexion suddenly changed, and he shifted his gaze towards another direction.

There, as the void swayed, Devilish qi surged, presenting the appearance of a Great Devil.

The Devil in the lead resembled a blood-red sphere. With the magnitude of a star, it was gloomily dark, sanguinary, and ominous.

Beside him stood other Devils.

The Grand Virtual Level Devil Monarch swept his gaze around the battlefield and said, “Chen Xuanzong and Chu Lili are both Jade Clear lineage’s successors. As someone of the Prime Clear lineage, why are you making things harder for us?”

His voice reverberated throughout the battlefield. However, the complexion of Gao Qingxuan and Daoist Cloud Conquest remained unfazed.

“The Three Clears were original of one anyway. Even if there were some cracks between us, that’s our familial matters. What’s wrong with working together to face our Daoism’s enemies?” Daoist Cloud Conquest said, “Besides, this matter is related to our benefits. I’m sure you’re aware of what position the Nine Underworlds Devils stands in the world. Hence, there’s no need to blabber about any longer.”

“Let’s not mention the Three Clear Lineages, who are of the orthodox Daoism. Even Buddhism, the Demon Race, and the heretics had never turned a blind eye to your actions. If it wasn’t for that, as long as the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil makes his appearance, we’ll all be rendered helpless.”

The Devil Monarch that resembled a blood-red star said, “What you’ve said is indeed right. However, have you ever thought about how your Prime Clear lineage isn’t as prosperous as the Jade Clear lineage? If you were to experience more losses, you won’t even have any more authority within your Daoism faction.”

He let out a queer laugh, “For the Jade Clear, the Grand Clear had even put their life on the line and harmed themselves in the process. Yet, ultimately, the Jade Clear still persecuted them in the end. Are you willing to accept such a fate?”

“Such empty words. Are you saying that we’ll perish here? Let’s find out,” said Gao Qingxuan coldly.

Then, she immediately attacked. Under the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation’s assistance, her attack immediately traversed through the void and slashed towards the blood-red star-looking Devil Monarch!

“Such an impressive Prime Clear sword cultivator! What a prideful woman!” As the Devil Monarch let out a queer laugh, blood-lights enshrouded his body. More than hundreds of small dark stars circled his body, which blocked Gao Qingxuan’s sword-light.

Gao Qingxuan stood pridefully, with no changes in her indifferent emotions. She continued protecting the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation.

As long as she could protect Chen Xuanzong and Chu Lili, the victor today would be them.

If the Water Devil failed to reincarnate and the Nine Underworlds’ plan failed, they would suffer a considerable blow.

If she wanted to fight to the death against the blood-red star-looking Devil Monarch, she could do so in the future.

“As expected, like teacher like disciple!” The Devil Monarch chuckled, and blood-radiances shook about.

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge and the others felt a thump in their heart.

Gao Qingxuan frowned, while Daoist Cloud Conquest’s attention shifted towards the blood-red star.

“Indeed, they’re merely empty words. I can’t kill you with my words alone.” He laughed queerly, “However, there’s someone else’s life that I can take away as long as I wish to.”

His entire physique suddenly turned invisible.

Through the wreathing blood mists, a figure was seen within.

Upon having a clear look at the person inside, Gao Qingxuan’s gaze turned cold.

It was her master, the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying!

Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, and the others almost forgot how to breathe upon witnessing the sudden change in the situation.

Just as Feng Yunsheng intended to take action, the Grand Heavenly Level Devil instantly closed in to the Domain of Thousand Scales, threatening its safety.

Gao Qingxuan stared at the blood-red star, while Daoist Cloud Conquest’s expression became extremely stern as well.

He secretly sent a voice transmission to Gao Qingxuan, “Is she real or fake?”

Before Gao Qingxuan could answer, the blood-red star let out a queer chuckle. The blood mists turned thinner, showing the Vine Sovereign. However, numerous blood radiances acted as chains and shackled her within the star.

The Vine Sovereign had yet to lose her consciousness. She continuously utilized her sword intent to resist her opponent’s devilish radiance.

Daoist Cloud Conquest could already tell her legitimacy without Gao Qingxuan’s answer after sensing the familiar sword intent.

Unless one of the Six Extinct Devils – the Shadow Devil had taken her form, there was no way of impersonating her.

The Shadow Devil was currently being held back by a Daoism Heavenly Lord. There was no way of him appearing here.

Therefore, although it was shockingly unreal, Gao Qingxuan knew that it was undoubtedly her master.

Ever since the Roving Jade Heavens had migrated to the Awakened Sky Hall, the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying had entered the void’s outskirts and ventured around alone.

While her contact with the Roving Jade Heavens had never been cut off, it wasn’t an easy feat contacting someone by the void’s boundless outskirts. Moreover, the disheartened Vine Sovereign had rarely contacted the Roving Jade Heavens during her time outside.

They never expected to meet the Vine Sovereign under such circumstances, where the Nine Underworlds captured her.

Gao Qingxuan stared at her master.

“I’m not asking you to work under my Nine Underworlds.” The Great Devil resembling a blood-red star, smiled and said, “Just keep your hands out of today’s battle.”