Chapter 1444 - All Sorts Of Preparations

Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei looked at each other upon noticing Shi Jun’s change in expression.

“Little Jun, the reason why the Astro Sovereign could successfully utilize the Anti-Devil Countering Rune was due to his cultivation. Moreover, they only had one Devil to deal with,” said Yan Zhaoge with a stern expression.

“You and your mother are about to face two of them. Even if you’re planning on sacrificing yourself using the rune to save your mother, the results won’t be all that optimistic either.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “I taught you the Anti-Devil Countering Rune as a safety measure. It’s not for you to immediately harbor the intention of sacrificing yourself.”

Yan Zhaoge had accurately pointed out what Shi Jun intended to do, causing him to lower his head and remain silent.

“You should know, not being fearful of death and suiciding right off the bat are two different matters.” Yan Zhaoge stared at him, “The latter would make you downhearted. It’s not beneficial for fighting against Devils under such a state of mind, as your enemies could take advantage of it.”

Shi Jun’s expression changed. He took in a deep breath and corrected his expression, “Yes, senior apprentice-uncle Yan. I understand.”

“While the Earth Devil was the master and the Devil Lord reincarnating through your body is merely a subordinate, your cultivation far surpassed your mother by a huge margin.” Xu Fei said, “You’re still going to be the one in control of the situation. Try calming your state of mind for now.”

“Yes, Master.” Shi Jun replied with a straight face.

Yan Zhaoge went beside the ice coffin and looked at the woman who was deep in slumber.

Under the shine of the ocher-colored vile radiance, the usually gentle complexion seemed so eerie now.

Under the shine, the woman’s face distorted, as if her entire face was being altered, and was gloomily looking at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge pressed his hand on the ice coffin. From the center of his hand, numerous runes expanded, instantly covering the entire ice coffin.

He didn’t let go of his hand. Instead, he continued standing on the spot, “My father and Yunsheng are conditioning themselves. For now, I’ll accompany you while waiting for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s reply.”

Shi Jun nodded slightly.

The chain-like streaks of lights bounded Xu Fei’s body. However, he didn’t seem to mind at all. He just went ahead to sit on the floor.

While Yan Zhaoge was paying attention to Ying Yuzhen’s condition, he was also paying attention to Shi Jun.

From the looks of it now, Shi Jun still seemed stable in most aspects.

Under the assistance of the Pill Hall and the Earth Splitting Pill, while devilish lights were still vaguely emitting from the crack by his forehead, it was still in the state of being suppressed.

Of course, as time continued to flow, the two’s condition slowly deteriorated.

While the speed of deterioration was slow, they were still heading in an unfavorable direction.

As time passed, the transformation became more and more apparent.

After a certain amount of time, Yan Zhaoge’s complexion changed slightly.

Xu Fei looked at him, and he nodded, “The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had given us his reply.”

Yan Zhaoge took his palm off the ice coffin, left the pill room, and left the Pill Hall.

He stood atop the Broad Creed Mountain’s mountaintop and looked up towards the sky. By the sky, a ray of sword-light flickered.

The sword-light landed in front of Yan Zhaoge, with the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei’s figure appearing from within.

“The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had agreed to assist us.” As Yue Zhenbei spoke, he took out a genealogy, “This is from him.”

Yan Zhaoge received the genealogy and wiped his palm on it. Then, radiances radiated from the genealogy, causing runes to float mid-air.

After quickly scanning through them, a joyous expression appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face, “I was worried that the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor would preserve his conservative mindset.”

“From the looks of it now, we have sufficient space of negotiation. With this, perhaps my dream could be achieved.”

As he was talking, he ordered others to contact Gao Qingxuan and the others of the Roving Jade Heavens.

Yue Zhenbei asked, “The fourth plan we previously agreed on?”

“That’s right.” Yan Zhaoge nodded and clasped his palms together. Then he widened his palms with radiances emitting from them.

Then, the radiance expanded, forming the shape of a divine vessel. Its size continuously grew as it hung by the sky.

Finally, the divine vessel blotted the skies, causing the entire Broad Creed Mountain to darken.

The divine vessel deeply resembled the Wind Riding Heavenly Vessel. Only, its size was much larger, and the strength contained within was much stronger.

“This time, we’ll have to rely on the Roving Jade Heavens.” Yue Zhenbei looked up to the divine vessel.

“Although the Vine Sovereign had already perished, the responsibility doesn’t fall onto you, senior apprentice-uncle.” Yan Zhaoge comforted, “Senior Gao and the others are understanding individuals. Even if we have personal grudges, we’ll all settle it after fighting against the Devils together. For now, let us fight against our enemies diligently.”

Yue Zhenbei nodded, “I’m not worried about this. While I do feel sorry for Li Ziteng’s perishment, I don’t hold myself guilty at all. However, after this battle, if the Roving Jade Heavens require any form of explanation, I’ll give it to them.”

“Senior apprentice-uncle Yue…” Yan Zhaoge frowned slightly.

Yue Zhenbei shook his head, “I won’t let them kill me, don’t worry. Let’s forget about this for now. I’m more worried about Jingshen and Yu Ye. I still haven’t received any news from them.”

“After this battle is over, let us find them immediately,” said Yan Zhaoge solemnly.

“Let’s just deal with the battle for now,” said Yue Zhenbei.

After receiving the news, Feng Yunsheng and Yan Di came to the mountain top.

While Yan Di’s stamina still wasn’t fully replenished yet, his aura wasn’t weakened anymore.

Feng Yunsheng looked normal as if she hadn’t been exhausted at all.

Only, her recovery takes far longer compared to Yan Di.

When fighting against others, she would have to preserve some strength and couldn’t possibly go all-out.

Of course, this didn’t affect her from fighting normally.

“Let’s start.” Everyone present looked at each other. Then, Feng Yunsheng boarded the divine vessel together with Yue Zhenbei.

Yan Di remained on the spot. The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud that resembled a cloud and a lotus expanded, continuously increasing in width.

Then, the divine vessel hanging by the sky fused with the mountain beneath.

Yan Zhaoge entered Pill Hall.

After a short while, the Pill Hall vibrated slightly. Then, ocher-colored radiance shone by the Pill Hall doors, devouring Yan Di’s Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud within.

The ethereal ocher-colored radiance traversed through the chaotic blurry clouds, quickly moving from the Pill Hall’s door to the divine vessel.

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud instantly contracted into the divine vessel.

Then, the enormous divine vessel rode the nine heavens’ winds, traversing through the seas of the void. It quickly broke through the Sky beyond Skies’ spatial boundaries and entered the cosmos.

The divine vessel traversed through the cosmos and closed in to the Roving Jade Heavens.

Four sword-lights shot out from the Roving Jade Heavens and landed on the divine vessel’s deck. Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, Daoist Cloud Conquest, and Long Xingquan were all present.

“Sorry for bothering you, Senior Gao.” Yan Zhaoge remained in his sitting position. He extended both of his hands forward, and a clump of light floated between his palms.

Within the clump of light, three ethereal figures were present.

“Let’s set off.” Gao Qingxuan had already received the notice beforehand. Hence, without further ado, she took over Feng Yunsheng’s control over the divine vessel.

Rays of dark-red sword-lights surged from Gao Qingxuan’s body, continuously intertwined by her surroundings.

The surface of the gigantic boat seemed to have been colored with a layer of red.

The red radiance became brighter and brighter until it ultimately encompassed and enveloped the entire divine vessel.

Then, the radiances circulated about. Only a huge dark-red sword remained by the pitch-black cosmos.

Then, the sword-light flickered and instantly shot towards the faraway void. It exited from the Awakened Sky Cosmos and entered the void’s boundless outskirts.