Chapter 1442 - Lord Of Plentiful Treasure’S Whereabouts

Chapter 1442: Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s Whereabouts

“Lord of Plentiful Treasure?” Upon hearing Yu Ye’s words, his pupils contracted slightly.

He then looked at his surroundings and watched the vast yellow mists wreathing around, “Does that mean this is…”

Then, the two looked at each other and said in unison, “The Immortal Exterminating Formation!”

Even since the dawn of time, it was considered as the most reputable ruthless formation, with its might surpassing even the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

A mighty formation, which the Daoism’s Prime Clear lineage used to suppress their fundamental luck, was the strongest formation in history designed for a massacre.

Unfortunately, it hadn’t appeared in the world for ages, making it the most remorseful legends among the Prime Clear lineage successors.

According to the rumors, other than the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasures, only his first disciple – the Lord of Plentiful Treasures comprehended the complete version of the Immortal Extermination Formation.

After the Lord of Numinous Treasures transcended, and the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s whereabouts became unknown, the Immortal Extermination Formation had been lost since then.

As for the Lord of Plentiful Treasures, he was a well-renowned figure even during the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era.

However, after the Ancient era, he secluded himself from the world, never to be heard again.

Many controversies were sparked in regards to his whereabouts.

There were two well-spread theories. They were related to the Mystical Mountain’s Gautama Buddha and the Tushita Palace’s Supreme Elder Lord.

Of course, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye had heard of these speculations from Yan Zhaoge already. They knew that those two figures weren’t the Lord of Plentiful Treasures.

The others, who assumed him to be a Dao Ancestor’s foundation, had also proven and affirmed this Prime Clear bigwig’s strength and reputation. Everyone recognized him as someone who had stepped out of the Grand Heavenly Realm and ascended to the Dao Ancestor Realm.

In truth, in terms of fighting, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure could hardly be coined as uncontested when he was in the Grand Heavenly Realm; however, as the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure’s first disciple, one of the oldest Heavenly Lord in Daoism, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure was indeed very close to the Dao Realm.

Among the Daoism’s Three Great Sword Cultivators that everyone praised since the dawn of time, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure was included within the ranks.

This was merely taking his cultivation and strength into account. If the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had managed to gather all the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords and managed to lay down the complete Immortal Exterminating Formation, he would undoubtedly be narrated into the legends, with him being uncontested beneath the Dao Realm.

“Immortal Exterminating implied sharpness, Immortal Slaughtering represents death, Immortal Trapping causes encompassing red lights. Immortal Ending possesses a myriad of transformation, staining even the Grand Heavenly Immortal’s robes with blood.”

The first few sentences described the Prime Clear’s four supreme sword arts’ specialties in a simple manner. The final verdict thoroughly explained how dominant the Immortal Extermination Formation was, instructable by anything in its path.

Being able to personally witness the destructive killing formation well known for its reputable ruthlessness, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye felt their emotions undulating.

“Indeed, this is the Lord of Plentiful Treasures’ sword intent. It’s the most orthodox sword intent within the Prime Clear lineage.” Yu Ye calmed her heart. After studying it for a while, she said with certainty, “If no one else within my lineage had ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm, this would, without a doubt, be the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s work.”

Nie Jingshen nodded slightly.

Yu Ye was of the Incongruence Divine Mother’s orthodox lineage.

There weren’t any orthodox successors of the Lord of Plentiful Treasures within the Roving Jade Heavens at this timeline.

Yu Ye had also never interacted with such a person.

However, Yan Zhaoge had.

His Immortal Slaughtering Sword Scripture didn’t originate from the Roving Jade Heavens. Instead, he learned it from the sword scripture legacies left behind by the Daoist Origin Peace’s lineage in the Daoist temple.

According to what was recorded in the Daoist temple and what was written by Daoist Origin Peace himself, he was the legitimate disciple of the Lord of Plentiful Treasure. The Lord of Plentiful Treasure had accepted him after the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era.

Yan Zhaoge had cultivated the Daoist temple’s lineage and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Scripture. Later on, he interacted with the Roving Jade Heavens plenty of times, giving both sides a much deeper understanding of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Scripture.

Now, Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal Slaughtering Sword contained the specialties of both the Plentiful Treasure and the Incongruence lineage.

As for the Roving Jade Heavens, the Prime Clear sword cultivators that cultivated the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Scripture had also included the Daoist temple lineage’s Immortal Slaughtering Scripture into their own, provided they had sufficient stamina and time.

Yu Ye was among one of them.

Thanks to that, she could discern and make out the identity of this land’s owner.

“Try using the Daoist temple lineage’s Immortal Slaughtering Sword sword intent, and avoid using your one,” said Nie Jingshen.

Yu Ye nodded, “That’s what I’m about to do.”

Numerous sword qis, which resembled black strings, floated about by the air. They connected with the yellow mists and started extending outwards.

“… That was smoother than expected.” Yu Ye turned her head and looked at Nie Jingshen.

“It’s a little weird, but we’ve no choice but to go ahead.” Nie Jingshen said, “At the very least, we have to find a way out.”

He looked at his surroundings, “The flow of time here is peculiar. It seems to be much quicker than the outside world.”

The two continued advancing while the formation remained dormant, allowing them to traverse within.

After walking for a while, they could finally see something other than the field of yellow mists – sparkling golden lights.

Killing intent could be sensed from within. However, it was close to being dormant. It wasn’t specifically targeting the two, as it was the formation’s trait.

They carefully approached the sparkling golden light and noticed an altar within.

At the same time, the void beyond the formation underwent distortion. One vortex after another appeared, hanging by the sky and tightly connected, forming the shape of a beehive.

Then, from one of the vortex, a ray of sword-light came shooting from within.

Wherever the sword-light passed through, strumming sounds of qin resounded.

As the radiance dissipated, a silhouette appeared. He was a middle-aged man with a handsome and elegant face.

The man held a jade-decorated qin and stared at the quietly dormant formation with a stern expression.

He was the Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu. One of the Roving Jade Seven who later deserted the Roving Jade Heavens.

He held his Guqin by one hand, while his other hand held a broken sword sheath.

Currently, the sword sheath was vibrating softly and was being pointed towards the formation beneath him.

With a calm gaze, Zhang Buxu walked towards the center of the formation.

White radiances emitted from his sword sheath, assisting him in blowing away the yellow mists. A path was opened up for him, allowing him to travel about within freely.

After the Lofty Sovereign disappeared within the formation, more distortions happened by the void, and more silhouettes appeared.

After observing the environment, they descended and followed after the path which the Lofty Sovereign had opened up. Then, they entered the formation as well.

Later, the third batch of people arrived. They imitated what the previous group did and entered the dormant formation.

…

When Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye were seeking a way out and were investigating the Prime Clear dormant formation, Yan Zhaoge’s group successfully returned to the Awakened Sky Cosmos and returned to the Sky beyond Skies.

It goes without saying that Yan Di and Xue Chuqing had reunited together. However, there wasn’t any time for them to chatter about.

Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, and the others immediately entered seclusion to condition themselves. Using all the time they had, they focused on recovering their fatigued self.

While Yan Zhaoge also felt fatigued, he went straight towards the Pill Hall’s core pill room.

Shi Jun and his mother were there.

An ocher-colored radiance was enveloping the pill room.

Xu Fei was sitting by the door, with his back leaning on the pill room’s door. Upon seeing Yan Zhaoge, he asked, “How’s the Astro Sovereign and the others?”

Yan Zhaoge pressed his hand on the ocher-colored radiances and felt the transformation happening within. At the same time, he said, “There’s no need to worry about the Water Devil anymore. However, the Astro Sovereign’s condition isn’t that great. Fortunately, we still have a sliver of hope for his recovery.”

As he spoke, Yan Zhaoge’s expression changed slightly. Then, he turned his head and looked towards Xu Fei.