Chapter 1443 - An Abundance Of Hidden Worries

Chapter 1443: An Abundance of Hidden Worries

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s gaze, Xu Fei smiled, “I guess I can’t escape from this anymore.”

His back was leaning against the pill room’s door. His back was dyed ocher, with chain-like streaks of lights bounding his body.

“We took a little too much time.” Yan Zhaoge frowned, “It’s because of the Earth Splitting Pearl.”

Xu Fei nodded.

He had obeyed Yan Zhaoge’s orders and awaited here while holding the Earth Splitting Pearl. When the Earth Devil makes his move, the Pill Hall would start suppressing his reincarnation attempt.

Relying on the Pill Hall alone wasn’t enough. Hence, Xu Fei used the Earth Splitting Pearl as a supporting mechanism.

Under the two’s effects, the Earth Devil’s reincarnation was forcefully delayed.

Facing the two Extinct Devils that wanted to reincarnate simultaneously, Yan Zhaoge used his previous methods to delay one’s reincarnation forcefully and created some time difference between the two. As a result, the Daoism experts could focus on dealing with one of them.

After the Water Devil’s affairs were over, they immediately returned to deal with the Earth Devil.

From the grand scheme of things, their plan had been plenty successful.

However, in the process of delaying the Earth Devil’s reincarnation, Xu Fei was constrained by the ritual, becoming part of it.

Now, his fate was forcefully tied together with the mother and son duo.

“It’s fine. I feel safer when I can take care of them.” Xu Fei smiled indifferently.

While operating the Pill Hall, Yan Zhaoge came in contact with the Earth Splitting Pearl. While he was ensuring the operation of the suppressing ritual, he was also checking it thoroughly.

“We can only do this for now.” He sighed, “The Devils are cunning entities. Even if we leave the Pill Hall and only use the Earth Splitting Pearl, you can’t escape from this. You’ll have to go along with Little Jun, his mother, and the Earth Splitting Pearl.”

Xu Fei said, “I’m fine with that. There’s no need to mind me. The most important matter here is to deal with the Devil.”

He looked towards Yan Zhaoge, “The Domain of Thousand Scales and the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual were both used on the Water Devil. How are you planning on dealing with the Earth Devil?”

“Based on our previous experience, we can’t place our hopes on the Pill Hall.”

Currently, they relied on the Pill Hall to prevent the reincarnation of the Earth Devil.

Under such a state, it was impossible to extract the devilish mark.

Just like what Chen Xuanzong and Chu Lili had previously gone through. If they wanted to extract the devilish mark, they had to do so when the Great Devil was in the process of reincarnating.

This is why there’s the saying “danger and opportunity co-exist with each other.”

Their brawl would only result in two outcomes. Either they succeeded and managed to purge their future troubles, or they would fail and ultimately end up being butchered by their opponents.

The Pill Hall was currently placed in an awkward position. Indeed, under such a state, Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t have to worry about exposing its coordinates.

However, without the Domain of Thousand Scales, the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual, or other layers of assistance, the Earth Devil’s location would be exposed when he attempted reincarnation. When that time arrives, the Primordial Heart Devil and the other top-notch Devil experts would immediately affirm his location.

If he wanted to use the Pill Hall as an advantage, the Devils would most definitely locate the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

The ones looking for the Awakened Sky Cosmos weren’t just limited to the Nine Underworlds Devils alone. Other forces were also diligently locating it.

If the Devils were at a disadvantage and decided to spread the Awakened Sky Cosmos location, other forces’ experts would swarm the location.

When that time arrives, setting the Earth Devil aside, god knows what fate awaits the Awakened Sky Cosmos’ inhabitants.

“Something like the Domain of Thousand Scales is way too scarce. Us being able to find one is already considered extremely lucky.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “As for the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual, our resources are insufficient to construct a second one.”

Xu Fei asked, “You sent your North Ocean Clone to take a look at the Starry River Tributary, right? How’s it there?”

The Starry River Tributary that contained the Bright Connection Emperor’s remains was considered an advantageous battlefield to Yan Zhaoge. By laying down the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation, he alone was sufficient in facing an entire garrison of troops.

While it wasn’t all that useful when dealing with the Water Devil, it was especially effective against the Earth Devil, not to mention facing the invading group of Great Devils.

“We can’t use that place anymore.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head.

The Nine Underworlds was also aware of the Starry River Tributary’s location.

The Grand Heavenly Realm Devil Lord that fought against Feng Yunsheng had personally witnessed the Starry River Tributary’s transformation into the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

As a result, the Nine Underworlds had specifically made their preventive measures.

When Yan Zhaoge went to check out the Starry River Tributary, it had already been destroyed. It must have been the work of the Devil Lord.

“Does that mean we have to clash against them head-on?” asked Xu Fei.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Indeed, the Nine Underworlds are the public enemy. At least, they are most of the time, which is why the Heart Devil and the Shadow Devil could hardly do anything. After being forced into retreat by Senior Suo and the others, other Buddhism and Demon Race experts then cornered the Nine Underworlds.

“However, the Devils rarely allow themselves to be tracked, and they can make countless unexpected transformations, which is why many Devils would often be able to escape.”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes were cold, “Moreover, we can’t rely on the Buddhists and the Demons. While they’re oppressing the Nine Underworlds, they’re still coveting for us.”

“If the Demon Race didn’t interfere, the Astro Sovereign wouldn’t have almost failed and almost lost his life.”

Then, he sighed, “In fact, we could’ve even preserved the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual. If that happened, we would’ve had a much easier time now.”

Xu Fei lifted his wine sack and took a sip. While his face was blushed red, his gaze was still so clear and calm, “Without the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual, we’ll have a hard time preventing the Primordial Heart Devil’s interference. After all, he can already influence Little Jun without descending here personally.”

“I’m waiting for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s answer.” Yan Zhaoge said, “After all, within Daoism, he’s the one most proficient in countering the Primordial Heart Devil’s influence.”

Xu Fei nodded silently.

Yan Zhaoge stabilized the seal and entered the pill room. Xu Fei then followed after him.

Ying Yuzhen was still lying by the ice coffin within the pill room as if she was in a deep slumber.

As for Shi Jun, he sat in a lotus position with his back leaned against the pill room’s wall.

However, a vertical crack appeared on their forehead, with ocher-colored radiance emitting from within. The radiance looked so dense, desolate, ruthless, and malicious.

Peeking through the crack, through the ocher-colored radiance, one would feel as if they were looking into a pitch-black abyss. A cryptic feeling emitted from within, making one strongly desire to hurl themselves within.

Upon feeling someone approaching, Shi Jun widened his eyes. Seeing that it was Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei, his worried expression relaxed.

“Little Jun, I’ll now tell you about the process the Astro Sovereign and the others had gone through to extract the devilish mark. You’ll take it as a reference,” said Yan Zhaoge solemnly.

Shi Jun looked at Yan Zhaoge with a serious expression.

Since Ying Yuzhen had already lost her consciousness, the devilish mark’s extraction became Shi Jun’s responsibility.

The Great Devil that chose to reincarnate through him was the Earth Devil’s subordinate. From a particular perspective, they were of the same origins.

In all actuality, Shi Jun could also become the reincarnation physique of the Earth Devil. Only, he wasn’t as compatible compared to his mother.

After all, the Earth Devil was the master, while Shi Jun’s one was the subordinate. He would face insurmountable difficulty when conducting the extraction of the devilish mark.

Yet, at this moment, he couldn’t rely on anyone else.

Shi Jun listened to Yan Zhaoge’s words with deep concentration. Upon hearing about the Anti-Devil Countering Rune, he entered a state of deep contemplation.