Chapter 1457 - Fight Against A Grand Heavenly Realm!

Chapter 1457: Fight Against a Grand Heavenly Realm!

Chen Qianhua traced his finger mid-air. As the radiance transformed, it distorted the Anti-Devil Countering Rune.

After that, he retracted his hand and nodded in satisfaction, “Very nice.”

Shi Jun groaned and fell onto the ground. The crack on his forehead opened, causing ocher-colored devilish radiances to surge from within, even causing steaming black smokes to appear.

Chen Qianhua had nothing else to do anymore. With his hands placed by his back, he excitedly watched from aside.

Only, soon after, he raised his head and looked up with slight disappointment.

Without the Earth Splitting Pearl, the spatial domain torn apart by him became dilapidated and was continuously undergoing distortion.

Through the broken gap, he could see brilliance shining from the faraway void.

“There’s still more?” Chen Qianhua mumbled, “I can’t let you all spoil my fun.”

His figure flashed, and he skyrocketed from the dilapidated spatial domain, flying towards the faraway void.

As he got closer, the opposite brilliance stopped, presenting a middle-aged Daoist wearing a dragon and tiger robe.

He was the Roving Jade Heaven’s Prime Clear successor, Tranquility Emperor – Kun Ningzi.

He used to heed only the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying’s behest. When the Roving Jade Heavens migrated to the Pill Hall, the Vine Sovereign allowed it, as it would bring benefits to the entire Prime Clear lineage. As such, Kun Ningzi had also entered the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

Currently, all the Daoist experts had pushed back their grudges against each other to deal with the Nine Underworlds’ Infernal Devils and prevent the Water Devil and the Earth Devil’s reincarnation.

With the Incongruence Divine Mother’s support, the Prime Clear lineage had also gone all-out under Gao Qingxuan and Daoist Cloud Conquest’s lead.

Other than Gao Xuebo presiding over the Roving Jade Heavens, all other Prime Clear bigwig experts had left. The Tranquility Emperor and the Liberal Emperor were of no exception.

They ventured outside along with the Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi and the Mars Halberd and served as escorts.

The Tranquility Emperor was lurking by the void. Suddenly, he felt devilish qis surging in his surroundings. It was both fierce and malicious, and its denseness far surpassed average Devils. Sensing something, he closed in on the source. To no one’s surprise, Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen were present there.

However, before he could go nearer, a radiance flashed from the dilapidated spatial domain. Chen Qianhua was already there obstructing his path.

The devilish qi grew more and more vigorous, already showing hints of being insuppressible. Sensing that, Kun Ningzi felt a stone weighing down his heart.

Yan Zhaoge and the others had requested the safety of Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen when extracting the devilish mark.

If things had progressed to the point of no return, the group of Prime Clear moguls wouldn’t sit by and watch the Earth Devil return to the Nine Underworlds to condition himself.

If the mother-son duo transformed into Devils, Kun Ningzi would act as the Buddhists and Demon Race experts would, by killing the two of them.

Feeling the dangers looming within, Kun Ningzi relied on his Leakless physique to withstand Chen Qianhua’s attacks and closed in to Shi Jun’s side.

However, despite falling back to the Human Immortal Realm, Chen Qianhua had still gathered the Primordial Early Heavens Three Scriptures. His strength remained exceptional even with his current state, surpassing even himself when he was still the Upper Exalt.

While Chen Qianhua couldn’t possibly hurt Kun Ningzi, he forced him into an entrapment, not allowing him to break out of his restraints.

“Don’t spoil the fun,” said Chen Qianhua indifferently. “Patiently wait here together with me. There’ll be an interesting spectacle later.”

Kun Ningzi snorted and forcefully supported himself.

In the distance, the dilapidated spatial domain continued dissipating, causing the devilish qi released within to become much thicker and malicious.

…

On the other side, the Daoism experts gathered around the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, seemingly forming a formation. It deterred Fuluo Zi, Twilight Mist Devil Monarch, and all the other experts, preventing them from entering the perimeter.

At the same time, they were also contending against the Victorious Fighting Buddha.

Currently, Yan Zhaoge was already standing by the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s side. Yu Ye passed the Immortal Slaughtering Sword over to Gao Qingxuan and stood face-to-face with Yan Zhaoge. She extended her finger and tapped it between Yan Zhaoge’s brows.

Within the pupils of the two, countless formation patterns continuously surged.

During the previous battle, to fend off the massive crowd of enemies, Yan Zhaoge and the others had suffered from great exhaustion.

This applied especially to Gao Qingxuan. She was the leading force in stopping Fuluo Zi and the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch’s advancements. All thanks to her Dual Swordplay, was she able to deal with the two speedy foes.

Thanks to this, her clone and her had some price to pay. After enduring such a long battle from the start till now, her body was already filled with wounds.

However, Gao Qingxuan’s expression remained calm, and her aura remained overwhelmingly sharp.

After taking the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, the sword’s might immediately became much stronger, even when compared to Yu Ye, who wielded the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture. After all, her cultivation was just much higher.

With the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, her overbearingly sharp aura made others cower in fear, forcing them to retreat.

The Victorious Fighting Buddha atop the golden lamp and green lotus also sensed the ferocious sword intent.

He wasn’t afraid of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword at all. Even if a Grand Heavenly Realm Prime Clear bigwig were to wield the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, he still wouldn’t face much of a problem.

However, if he had to suppress Feng Yunsheng while facing the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s mightiness, even he would have to remain cautious.

He could already feel Feng Yunsheng’s resistance growing stronger and stronger.

Moreover, there was something else he had to worry about.

“The Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture…” As the name flashed across his head, the Victorious Fighting Buddha let out a sigh, “Namo Amitabha.”

After chanting the Buddhist doctrine, he immediately released his suppression against Feng Yunsheng.

Feng Yunsheng was startled.

Yan Zhaoge and the others frowned.

Then, the golden lamp shone, and the green lotus shifted. It instantly teleported above the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, releasing abounding radiances which came suppressing downwards.

He didn’t give up on the suppression of Feng Yunsheng. Instead, he intended to defeat Yan Zhaoge and the others first!

Previously, the Victorious Fighting Buddha had been fighting mentally against Feng Yunsheng. Him not making a move equaled to relinquishing his advantage.

Now, the might of a Grand Heavenly Realm descended upon the world once again. He decided to defeat Yan Zhaoge and the others first and only capture Feng Yunsheng later on.

The only risk he had to take was that Feng Yunsheng might discard all other worries and forcefully challenge the Origin Heavenly Tribulation, ascending to the Grand Heavenly Realm.

However, with Yan Zhaoge and the others present, Feng Yunsheng wouldn’t be willing to undergo such a risk.

Currently, Feng Yunsheng wasn’t in her peak state. Even if she worked together with Yan Zhaoge and the others, he still wouldn’t mind.

Currently, Victorious Fighting Buddha merely had to handle the situation appropriately and create an opportunity for himself.

“Oh?” Yan Zhaoge, who was facing the current situation with utmost seriousness, suddenly felt something moving in his heart, “Some changes happened to the Anti-Devil Countering Rune on Shi Jun.”

Yan Di, beside him, asked, “What happened?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “I’m unaware as of now. However, the situation might not be as optimistic anymore.”

The Twilight Mist Devil Monarch and the other experts regained their fighting spirits as if they were verifying Yan Zhaoge’s statement. They attempted to evade Daoism’s defense line and continue searching for the Earth Devil and Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan.

“The more you do so, the more we won’t allow your presumptuousness,” said Yan Zhaoge coldly.

Yan Zhaoge, Yu Ye, Long Xueji, and Daoist Cloud Conquest moved in four different directions.

While Yue Zhenbei, Long Xingquan, Yan Di and Nie Jingshen stood beside them.

Gao Qingxuan, her clone, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, and Ling Qing started floating upwards, hovering atop everyone else’s head.