Chapter 1454 - Prime Clear Ten Scriptures’ Final Scripture – The Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture!

A myriad of densely-packed lines pranced about in the vast void, turning into a whirlpool of death that engulfed the surroundings.

“How could a Leakless True Immortal utilize the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s power to this degree?”

The group of experts secretly scowled within their hearts.

The Victorious Fighting Buddha, who was currently fighting against Feng Yunsheng, felt palpation in his heart.

His gaze seemed to have traversed through the planes of void and was directly staring at Yu Ye in front of her, in front of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

Looking at the dead silent void within her eyes, which projected visions of the end of chaos, the Victorious Fighting Buddha came to a revelation.

Among all the other experts present, Fuluo Zi’s expression was filled with the most surprise.

He belonged to the Golden-Winged Great Roc Race. During the Ancient era, the Feathered Wings Immortal had studied under the Prime Clear Severing Sect.

As such, among the Demon Race, they held the most understanding towards Prime Clear supreme arts.

Fuluo Zi stared intently at the sword Yu Ye held and took in a deep breath.

Typically speaking, no matter how outstanding a prodigy was, they shouldn’t be capable of utilizing the Immortal Slaughtering Sword to such a degree.

If that’s the case, then only one possibility remains.

“Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture?!” said Fuluo Zi word by word with a gloomy expression.

Only those that cultivated the Prime Clear Ten Scriptures’ final scripture – the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture could utilize the Immortal Slaughtering Sword after ascending to the Immortal Realm.

When his comment came out, shock spread throughout the crowd.

Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture was one of the strongest Daoism Three Clear supreme arts. It was also listed among one of the strongest supreme arts in the entire world, a supreme scripture tailored to overwhelm even those beyond the Grand Heavenly Realm!

Just like the Peerless Heavenly Scriptures, rumors had it that only one person could cultivate it at a time.

Before the Prime Clear Lord of Numinous Treasure transcended, no one else would be eligible to cultivate it. Only after the Lord of Numinous Treasure transcends would an empty slot be available.

However, just like the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture had already been missing for many years.

The last intel regarding the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture was that it fell into the Lord of Plentiful Treasures’ possession, another person who had fully grasped the Immortal Extermination Formation.

However, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure vanished during the Middle era. As a result, an unparalleled supreme art like the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture had disappeared, with only its name remaining throughout history.

Finally, today, it re-emerged within the world once again!

Yu Ye raised her head and widened her eyes again. Her cold gazes filled with a dead silent void swept through other opponents like Fuluo Zi.

Those beneath the Grand Virtual Realm, no matter if they were Demons, Infernal Devils, or Buddhist Bhantes, chills were sent down their spine whenever her gaze passed through them.

Before Yan Zhaoge’s Fallen Deity Sword had appeared, the Immortal Extermination Formation was the only formation that allowed a Martial Saint to slay Immortals. Similarly, this implied that a True Immortal could slay a Profound Immortal, while the latter could also slay a Virtual Immortal.

If Virtual Immortal had Immortal Exterminating Four Swords in hand, it might even kill Celestial Immortals!

Other than the Immortal Extermination Formation’s marvellousness, it was mainly due to the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture.

Unfortunately, other than the Lord of Numinous Treasure, who had achieved the Dao Realm during the Early Heavens, only the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had come in contact with the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture.

As such, no one beneath the Grand Heavenly Realm had dared to insult this unparalleled supreme martial art.

However, no one doubted that the Prime Clear’s Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture could slash through the chasm existing between Immortals and mortals, True Immortals and Profound Immortals, Profound Immortals and Virtual Immortals, and possibly even between Virtual Immortals and Heavenly Immortals!

Rather than calling this an unparalleled supreme art, it was better to call this a supreme art of carnage.

Although only a tiny bit of aura leaked out, the devilish blue-black flames within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes started prancing about actively upon sensing the extinguishing chaos.

The devilish intent within her heart automatically grew more and more vigorous.

Lord of Numinous Treasure.

Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

The two were listed as the representation of Doomsday. Only, due to the fact that the Doomsday Heavenly Devil had never truly descended, nothing dire happened.

However, the two were truly opposing foes who fought for the same transcendent path of dao!

If the two co-existed together in the world, a battle would occur between the two.

Despite not being complete, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil authority which Feng Yunsheng acquired couldn’t possibly remain dormant.

“

Ha!

” Feng Yunsheng groaned. Then, her gaze regained its calmness, and her state of mind stabilized as well. Then, she continued brawling against the Victorious Fighting Buddha and her devilish intent.

As for Yu Ye, she waved the Immortal Slaughtering Sword once again.

Amidst the pitch-black light pillar as black as ink, the dark threads became denser and denser. They traveled about within the void, slashing towards her foes.

The Demon, Devil, and Buddhist factions could do nothing but evade them.

“Avoid coming into contact with the dark threads at all cost. Don’t be rash.” While staring at Yu Ye, Fuluo Zi said, “She’s just a True Immortal after all. She could only utilize the Immortal Slaughtering Sword thanks to the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture. After a while, her stamina would deplete.”

A True Immortal couldn’t possibly bear such depletion.

Not to mention a Prime Clear sword cultivator, who wasn’t known to condition their physique.

All the experts present weren’t some random joes and had gone through countless battles already. After Fuluo Zi exposed Yu Ye’s weakness, they realized what they should do to survive. Thus, they continued avoiding the dark threads and intended to launch a counter-attack later on.

Yet, to everyone’s surprise, Yu Ye launched one sword attack after another. The waves of attacks ebbed and flowed, its toughness beyond everyone’s expectations.

With the densely packed dark threads blotting the void, intertwining with each other, where could they possibly evade to?

At that moment, many others were struck by the sword.

No blood-stain to be seen, no maliciousness to be sensed.

Only a trace of black remained by their body. Yet, it also implied the arrival of death, the catalyst which they couldn’t avoid.

Wherever Yu Ye’s sword-light passed, she harvested the battlefield, reaping enemies’ life one after another.

“This is bad!” Seeing this, everyone complained in their hearts.

Yu Ye’s right hand held the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, while Nie Jingshen’s left hand covered her palm. Then, ethereal clumps of white brilliance vaguely flickered by the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

The white brilliance maintained form. It neither grew nor shrunk, never wavered, never suffered from any damage, and existed eternally.

As if it had already existed before the heavens were opened, and the earth was split apart. It existed outside of the vicissitudes of creation, prevailing its initial form.

In all actuality, Fuluo Zi’s guess was right.

If Yu Ye was alone, she definitely couldn’t deal with the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s stamina consumption.

Even with Nie Jingshen, a threshold still existed.

However, within the limited amount of time they were given, they were already obliterating the enemy’s ranks, annihilating those that were in their way.

Albeit being horrifying, the dark threads seemed to harbor their own intelligence. With the myriad of threads flying about, it could still accurately avoid Yan Zhaoge and the others.

Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Yue Zhenbei, Gao Qingxuan, and the others quickly inched toward the ancient sword.

“Senior apprentice-brother Nie, senior apprentice-sister Yu, it’s great that you’re both unscathed.” Yan Zhaoge’s expression was filled with joy, and he finally let out a sigh of relief.

Yan Di, Yue Zhenbei, Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, and the others had the same expression, “It’s great that you’re both fine.”

“The two of us accidentally stumbled upon an area. There, time was convoluted. We spent a long amount of time and finally managed to escape. Fortunately, the flow of time outside wasn’t as long. Otherwise, who knows how long it would take to return.” Nie Jingshen nodded in agreement and quickly added, “The Immortal Slaughtering Sword was acquired from the Lord of Plentiful Treasures. However, we can’t hope to seek aid from the Lord of Plentiful Treasure.”

Nie Jingshen said in a solemn tone, “He has already perished.”

“As for the specifics, let us first deal with the situation in front of us. It’s a long story, after all. Right now, we can only rely on ourselves.”

As he spoke, he gazed at the faraway domain filled with golden lamps and green lotuses.

There, the Victorious Fighting Buddha was staring at them.