Chapter 1452 - Immortal Slaughtering Sword

Chapter 1452: Immortal Slaughtering Sword

Vajra bared his fangs while Arhats vanquished Devils.

Even the Buddhist martial arts, famed for their unparalleled toughness, couldn’t withstand Yan Zhaoge’s palm attack. As a result, the Arhat was forced backward.

His domineering mightiness overwhelmed the surrounding’s foes, making them pale in comparison.

Seeing the wilted tree floating by the cosmic void, gradually disappearing far away, the group of Devils was filled with panic.

The presence of the Earth Devil and Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan grew weaker and weaker. They were only a few steps away from being sealed successfully.

With this, the Devils couldn’t track Shi Jun’s location using the rampaging devilish intent any longer.

While they had already escaped from the sarira’s radiance’s envelopment, as long as the Primordial Heart Devil didn’t descend personally, he couldn’t possibly affect the three within.

The Devils group attempted to break through the final defense line – Yan Zhaoge and chase after Shi Jun’s group.

The Demons and Buddhists, on the other hand, had different motives.

They planned to kill Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen, no matter if they were humans or Devils. By killing the two off, they would dispose of any form of trouble in the future.

However, seeing that the reincarnating Devils were already being suppressed, their intentions of killing the two weren’t that strong anymore.

If the two were right in front of them, they would kill the two.

However, now that the two had gradually lost their tracks, the Demon Race and Buddhism experts had their hearts wavering.

Because the things they coveted after were right in front of them.

Yan Zhaoge and the Pill Hall!

The Pill Hall had already fallen into Yan Zhaoge’s possession for so many years. Even a toddler could tell that most of the pill qis and all sorts of pills had already been depleted.

However, the Pill Hall’s worth was still sky-high.

Setting everything else aside, even the freshly refined pills would bring about countless benefits and advantages.

It would allure even the heart of a Grand Heavenly Realm expert.

To the Buddhist Bhantes, the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s capture of Feng Yunsheng was also a grand matter.

As such, part of the Buddhist Bhantes and the Demon Race experts started shifting their aim towards Yan Zhaoge himself.

Yan Zhaoge remained fearless, despite being in solitude. His sword swept, his palm struck, vigilantly dealing with all the enemies around him.

As the roars of dragons and tigers resounded, he even managed to escape the besiegement and speedily chased after the Devils that planned to pursue after Xu Fei, Shi Jun, and Ying Yuzhen.

Even against a massive group of experts, Yan Zhaoge preserved his clear state of mind. He tapped his finger at mid-air, casting the Grand Commencement Divine Finger’s Transformation of One Prana Three Clears, instantly causing three clones of him to appear.

While they weren’t equally as strong, four Yan Zhaoges dashing forward together carried about the momentum of an entire multitude of the army, leaving only destruction in their wake.

The four of them cast the Taiyi Fist together.

The iron fists which occupied the entirety of time and space came enveloping their enemies. While most of the Profound Immortal Realm experts weren’t wounded, they were forced to halt their advancement.

Being unable to do anything, they could only watch the wilted tree disappearing in the distance. All that was left were the Devil’s bellows of anger.

This had also incited the anger of the Grand Virtual Realm Devil Monarchs.

The three sides banded together, overwhelming Daoism in numbers. Yan Di, Gao Qingxuan, Ling Qing, and the others were incapable of stopping everyone. As the battle dragged on, more and more enemies managed to slip through.

For example, the smog-like Devil Monarch. He was swift and wouldn’t even pale compared to the Golden-Winged Great Roc – Fuluo Zi.

Gao Qingxuan, who was the fastest among the Daoism side, couldn’t remain attentive to the two simultaneously.

The Twilight Mist Devil Monarch found an opening and immediately broke through Daoism’s line of defense.

His extreme speed paired with Five Qis Unification allowed him to remain fearless towards a True Immortal’s Immortal qi. He immediately increased his speed to the maximum.

He didn’t even bother doing anything to Yan Zhaoge. Instead, he intended to chase after Shi Jun’s group.

While continuous exhaustion might injure him, Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t back down for such matters. He instantly cast the Later Earth Text.

The Yin Yang Nine Splendour Seven Treasures Array Formation unfolded. The formation runes radiated, instantly pulling Twilight Mist Devil Monarch within. As if it was a vast spiraling abyss, it dragged those beneath the Grand Virtual within. Like moths to a flame, they were pulled towards the formation.

Twilight Mist Devil Monarch let out a roar, shifting his lightweightness into tyrannical strength.

He then attempted to escape from the formation’s constraint.

Yan Zhaoge dropped one talisman after another and incited transformation in the formation, preventing the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch from escaping.

Unfortunately, through constant usage at full force, the Later Earth Text’s strength seemed to be wavering.

The colossal formation was unrooted and moved along with the Devil.

Of course, even so, the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch couldn’t increase his speed any further and couldn’t even chase after the tree.

The Devils group was enraged and proceeded to let out fanatical cries of roars.

Yan Zhaoge gritted his teeth and continued withstanding the pressure.

The battle between the two sides had already reached its peak intensity.

As time passes, Shi Jun’s situation would undoubtedly become better and better.

However, for Yan Zhaoge’s side, their opponents were far too overwhelming, and the pressure imposed upon them was far too great.

More and more enemies found an opportunity and slipped through the line of defense.

Meanwhile, Yan Zhaoge and the others continued to prevent them from chasing after the tree.

They had to be exceptionally on guard against Fuluo Zi and the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch.

If the two passed through their blockade and increased their speed to the maximum, it would be impossible to hold them back again.

Among all the Daoism experts present, only Gao Qingxuan and her clone’s Dual Swordplay would allow them to match up to the two’s speed.

If the two opponents broke through at the same time, that would imply that someone would be allowed to pass!

As the fight went on, the most horrible situation indeed occurred.

When Gao Qingxuan and Yue Zhenbei were focused on fighting against others, their gazes suddenly flickered. At first, surprise took over their expressions, which then turned into a joyous one.

Being individuals that had gone through countless battles, they didn’t give out much of a reaction.

However, their opponents were experts with cultivation higher than them.

Any slightest changes would immediately allow them to turn the tides in their favor.

Fuluo Zi and the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch broke through the defense line together and chased after the faraway tree.

Yan Zhaoge and the others became anxious, watching them leave.

On the other side, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, currently occupied with brawling against Feng Yunsheng, suddenly sensed something. All of his heads turned and looked towards Fuluo Zi’s direction.

Fuluo Zi and the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch were chasing after the tree. Suddenly, radiance arose in front of them.

As horrifying dark radiances emerged, auras filled with despair and demise appeared within the void.

The cosmic void was originally pitch-black, considering how vast it was.

However, the dark radiance seemed even darker and gloomier than the void, as if declaring every lifeform’s final rest – an eternal death.

All lifeforms would eventually perish.

Fuluo Zi was a Great Devil, while the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch was an Infernal Devil. The two’s hands were already stained with countless individual’s blood.

However, when facing the dark radiance, feelings of suffocation emerged.

Fuluo Zi was the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ son and was bestowed with an abundance of knowledge. Watching the dark radiance capable of evoking feelings of annihilation, he subconsciously stopped his advancement.

“Immortal Slaughtering Sword!”