Chapter 1453 - Wherever The Sword Passes, Those Wounded Shall Perish!

Chapter 1453: Wherever the Sword Passes, Those Wounded Shall Perish!

Wherever the dark radiance shone upon, everyone within its area of coverage had the feeling of ice-cold despair looming within their heart.

With their vitality nearing its end, their blood flow becoming stagnant, and fatigues overwhelming them, even their thoughts were close to being stagnant. It was as if they were about to perish and enter the world of the dead filled with bleak solitariness.

Amidst the dark radiance, an ancient sword quietly hovered within.

Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

It ranked number one among all the swords, famed for its massacring capabilities.

This wasn’t the sword intent manifested by someone who learned the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual, nor was it solidified by concentrated sword-lights.

Instead, this was Prime Clear’s most treasured artifact!

During the Ancient Investitures of the Gods era, other than the Immortal Extermination Formation, which deterred all Eight Desolaces, the Lord of Prime Clear Numinous Treasures had personally used four swords to lay down the formation.

The ancient sword hovering amidst the dark radiance was listed among one of the four swords – the Immortal Slaughtering Sword!

After so many years, it finally resurfaced within the world, deterring all life forms present.

With so many presents, there ought to be knowledgeable individuals. After recognizing the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, they became surprised, “May I be so bold as to ask you to identify yourself, owner of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword?”

After the series of warfare during the Ancient Era, the Prime Clear lineage ended up in defeat.

The Immortal Extermination Formation was broken through by four Dao Realm experts’ combined efforts, and the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords fell into the possession of the Jade Clear lineage.

According to the legends, the Jade Clear bigwig expert – Master Red Essence, had acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

However, Master Red Essence hadn’t appeared in the world for a long time. Moreover, during the Middle Journey to the West era, rumors stated that he had met his end. However, being a rumor, the truth was buried deep into the seas of mysteries.

During this era, there was also the apocalypse known as the Great Calamity, which resulted in more truths being buried within history’s specks.

Now that the Immortal Slaughtering Sword was brought to light once again, how could those present not think astray?

If Master Red Essence hadn’t perished, then the one present would be the Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortal, an old expert that had acquired dao during the ancient Investitures of the Gods era.

Even if Master Red Essence had already perished, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s current owner might still be someone remarkable, someone possibly even more potent than Master Red Essence himself.

It wasn’t Fuluo Zi alone worrying. Even the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch halted his steps.

“The Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s former owner should’ve perished by the hands of the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil…” Smogs wreathed around the void, “However, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s owner had yet to change during that time. Who’s the current owner?”

As everyone remained surprised, Yan Zhaoge and the others slowly gathered around the dark radiance, rekindling their fighting spirits to prevent others from getting past them.

However, at that moment, Buddhist scriptures’ chantings resounded from the faraway golden lamp atop the green lotus.

Albeit being incomprehensible, everyone present understood what the queer musical notes were conveying.

It was the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s voice, “The person of yonder, thou art unqualified to wield such sword.”

Hearing this, the Buddhist Bhantes and the Demons got excited.

After a much more detailed analysis, Fuluo Zi, the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch, and other Grand Heavenly Realm experts realized that the horrifying sword intent deterring the entire universe mostly originated from the ancient sword itself.

While it emitted a suffocating presence, the awkward feeling vaguely leaking from within showed how much of a strong front the person was putting up.

While the ancient sword was strong and contained its intelligence, it didn’t possess its own will. Of course, this wasn’t caused by the Immortal Slaughtering Sword. Instead, without an owner with sufficient capabilities, the sword couldn’t possibly showcase its marvellousness.

Being made aware of this, the three factions relaxed a little.

Fuluo Zi, the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch, and other experts came back to their senses quickly and immediately started making their moves once again.

They quickly attacked Yan Zhaoge and the others.

Moreover, they were concentrated on Gao Qingxuan!

If this Jade Clear lineage Virtual Immortal acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, even if she couldn’t possibly display its might to the fullest, it was sufficient in causing everyone to suffer.

Fuluo Zi and the Twilight Mist Devil Monarch were among the quickest experts present. One went after the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, while the other went after Gao Qingxuan, separating them from each other.

At that moment, under the dark radiances’ envelopment, two silhouettes appeared beside the ancient sword.

Upon making out who they were, Yan Zhaoge and the others were filled with joy.

A teenager in black stood by the right of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword. An indifferent expression he had, paired with a pair of resolute eyes.

The woman standing by its left was a woman in green. Her brows were a work of art depicting a natural-born talent favored by the heavens.

The pair stood by each side of the ancient sword. Despite being enshrouded amidst the jet-black sword-light, their stylishness still shined brightly, pulling the strings of one’s heart.

They were the pair who had previously gone missing, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye!

Previously, Gao Qingxuan and Yue Zhenbei had already received the two’s messages. However, after truly seeing Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye being unscratched, they were finally able to relax.

In front, bellows of Demons resounded, with groups of Devils prancing about. Moreover, the green lotuses of the Western Pure Lands were blooming about.

Now was not the time to have a chit-chat. With their unfazed expressions, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye nodded their heads towards Yan Zhaoge, Yue Zhenbei, Gao Qingxuan, and the others. Then, they both extended their hands, holding the Immortal Slaughtering Sword with each of their hands!

Within Yu Ye’s pupils, queer phenomena were in play.

All sentient beings, the creations, the heavens, and the entire skies underwent a riotous profusion, stepping into the path of declination. Ultimately, everything returned to dead silence.

That was the ending of all eternity, the place of finality, the final form of the entire world’s dao.

It was neither death, obliteration, destruction, or samsara.

Death, destruction, termination, existence, concepts, meaning. All of these had also reached their state of finality!

Everything returned to nothingness, returning into the chaos, thoroughly losing the concept of a beginning and an end.

No foreshadowing of changes appeared by the chaotic void any longer.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze suddenly lit up.

Yu Ye narrowed her eyes slightly. Within her pupils, an unrealistic-looking void resided within.

Being affected by this, her right hand, which grabbed the sword, cast the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual. As dark radiances wreathed around her, visions of the initial transformation appeared as if everything was to return to the silent chaos.

Death was a lifeform’s ending point.

At this very moment, Yu Ye seemed to be the ending point of death itself.

A fleeting brilliance shone from the ancient sword’s edge.

Then, the dark radiance enveloped around the ancient sword started continuously expanding outwards.

Dark gases thin as threads expanded outwards. The numbers were of abundance, causing them to spread densely throughout the cosmic void.

“Don’t get close to those dark threads!” Fuluo Zi yelled in a pressing tone, “Don’t even come in contact with them!”

As he yelled, he flapped his wings and avoided the incoming dark threads.

Others could feel its threat and quickly avoided it as well.

Only, some couldn’t make it in time.

Whenever a dark thread passed through an individual, it would disappear immediately. However, a mark would be left behind on that individual.

The mark would be engraved wherever the dark thread came in contact with.

Most of the dark threads passed through others’ necks. When a mark was left behind, they felt as if a sword slashed them.

Without knowing it, their life essence was already departing from their body.

A minority among them resisted with full force, attempting to secure their life through their fruitless struggles.

All these minorities had no marks engraved by their necks.

Some had it on their arms, their legs, or body. At the very least, no vital spots were touched.

Initially, they presumed that they managed to escape from death’s grip. However, when the dark thread came in contact with them, their life’s brilliance quickly dispersed from their bodies!

That ancient sword wasn’t the manifestation of a Prime Clear sword cultivator’s sword intent or sword-light.

It was the embodiment of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual, which had achieved its peak state. All the brilliant essences of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual were contained within.

If one didn’t have the art to counter it, being marked by the sword would only grant an instant death!