Chapter 1460 - Lived Up To The Trust

Shi Jun’s right hand moved uncontrollably, which then proceeded to press his head on the ground, preventing him from moving at all.

“Ying Yuzhen” sat in front of him and said, “Little Jun, why must you act like this?”

Hearing her voice, Shi Jun’s struggle became even more violent.

He placed his left hand on his right, hoping to move it away. However, his right hand’s strength was strong beyond imaginable, as if a mountain was lying there. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t move it at all.

The woman calmly said, “Previously, when that Devil asked if the Broad Creed Mountain would execute kin punishment, we all know that they would do so if I’m the only one affected.”

“You’re the brethren that they prioritize. After all, you’re the offspring of your grandfather and Songtao. As for me, I’m merely receiving their treatment because of you. Isn’t that right?”

Shi Jun’s body shook slightly.

“I’ve already turned into a Devil. Even those of the Broad Creed Mountain won’t grace me with their mercy. They would kill me right on the spot to prevent future troubles.” The woman quietly said, “If Zhong Yuan lets you go under my behest, what are you planning on doing? Are you planning on killing me, then perishing alongside me?”

Shi Jun’s body continued to struggle. However, his magnitude of movement was already decreasing.

The Earth Devil’s words continuously rang inside Shi Jun’s head.

“Little Jun, things had already progressed till this state. How about us two being together forever? In the past, Songtao had succumbed to darkness solely because he hoped for us two to remain safe…”

Before she finished her words, Shi Jun suddenly made a move. On his left hand, sword-light flickered, which he then proceeded to pierce through his right palm and his right eye!

Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan let out a bellow filled with rage. The devilish lights by Shi Jun’s right hand and his right eye disintegrated, and the devilish marks started fading.

Devilish lights flickered by his right leg. From there, Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan’s groans could be heard, “You dare…”

“My grandfather is Shi Tie!”

“My master is Xu Fei!”

“My senior apprentice-uncle is Yan Zhaoge!”

“My senior apprentice-granduncle is Yan Di!”

“I want to be like them!”

Blood leaked from Shi Jun’s right hand and eye like a stream of the river. Yet, he didn’t pay it any heed and continued sitting upwards.

“Ying Yuzhen” frowned and finally opened her eyes, displaying dark ocher-colored devilish lights, projecting the denseness of the earth itself.

She raised her hand, hoping to stop Shi Jun. However, a sudden stream of light came flying in her direction, as if a meteor was descending.

The Earth Splitting Pearl created the stream of light. Xu Fei had returned, wielding the Earth Splitting Pearl.

He had no devilish intent within him and was thus free from the Infernal Devil’s influence. He immediately extended his hand and suppressed “Ying Yuzhen.”

The Earth Devil used Ying Yuzhen as his reincarnation physique. As of now, her cultivation realm was still far too weak.

“I’ll never be like my dad. I won’t succumb to darkness!”

On the other side, Shi Jun’s sharp roar resounded.

As his sword appeared, he immediately plunged it towards his right leg!

Previously, he had the intention of perishing alongside Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan using the Anti-Devil Countering Rune. However, the rune was altered by Chen Qianhua, ultimately resulting in him being infested by the Infernal Devil.

Only, Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan took over half of his body, fusing with half of his flesh.

Shi Jun landed another two blows, reaping his right eye, right arm, and right leg of their vitality. Moreover, it even damaged his soul, something deemed near impossible to cure once injured. However, in turn, he managed to kill Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan, making him perish once again!

“Little Jun!” Xu Fei’s heart was filled with sorrow. However, he knew that such an outcome was inevitable.

The brawl between the two sides was already over. The Earth Devil and Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan had both reincarnated.

Under such circumstances, suppressing any one of them using external powers would already be futile. The only method of solving such issues was to make them perish.

If Shi Jun weren’t decisive enough, he would only continue to be infested by Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan, ultimately becoming the devil’s reincarnated manifestation.

Xu Fei grabbed “Ying Yuzhen,” pulling her towards Shi Jun’s side. Then, he extended his hand and assisted him in recovery.

“Master, you’re back…” Shi Jun smiled weakly, his voice barely seeping out of his mouth.

“I’ve met the Roving Jade Heaven’s Liberal Emperor. He was the one who brought me back here.” Xu Fei said, “He’s currently fighting against Chen Qianhua outside, along with the Roving Jade Heaven’s Tranquility Emperor.”

Shi Jun turned his head and looked at the “Ying Yuzhen” captured by Xu Fei. Yet, contrary to his previous emotional expression, he was currently filled with calmness.

“So, the two of you. Who shall make their move first?” said “Ying Yuzhen” in a calm tone.

Xu Fei turned to look at Shi Jun, “Chen Qianhua had provided an alternative for us. Could you reenact what happened to you and alter the Anti-Devil Countering Rune within her body? With this, you can trap the Infernal Devil within her body and send it to the afterlife once again.”

While this might inflict severe injuries on her, this could very possibly save her life.

“The Devil residing within my body is a Devil Monarch, which was why I could settle it like this.” Shi Jun tragically shook his head, “Such a method won’t work against the Earth Devil.”

Xu Fei remained silent.

He lowered his head and looked at the Earth Splitting Pearl.

He could only awaken the pearl’s intelligence, not use it to attack his foes.

Even if he could gain complete control over it, it still wouldn’t solve their current problems.

Because Ying Yuzhen’s cultivation was still far too low, Xu Fei could slap the Earth Devil to death even now.

However…

After a momentary silence, a decisive look appeared on Xu Fei’s face. He let go of Xu Fei, lifted “Ying Yuzhen,” and walked to the side.

“…” Shi Jun opened his mouth, yet no voice came out. Only his entire body was trembling.

“So, you’re the one doing it?” The woman calmly said, “Little Jun might resent you in the future.”

Xu Fei remained silent and merely took out the Earth Splitting Pearl.

Engravings of the devil-suppressing ritual were carved unto the Earth Splitting Pearl.

Due to the previous clashings, the ritual was damaged a little. Xu Fei had been working diligently to repair it.

In the Sky beyond Skies, Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Chen Xuanzong weren’t the only ones proficient in dealing with the Devils. While Xu Fei’s cultivation was far inferior compared to them, he was also an ace in this particular matter.

All thanks to Shi Jun and his mother.

“It’s useless.” The woman plainly said, “Do it the straightforward way.

Sigh,

it’s such a pity for me to perish by the hands of a mere Martial Saint.”

“Earth Devil, no one said that you were victorious,” said Xu Fei slowly.

Then, he raised his head and swallowed the Earth Splitting Pearl!

Seeing this, Shi Jun’s eyes widened. Even the Earth Devil was a little surprised.

Xu Fei’s entire body emitted dark-ocher lights as if an ocher brilliance was shrouding his entire body.

The rich and active spiritual qi of the earth continuously surged within his body, causing blood to permeate through every pore of his body.

“Master!” Shi Jun exclaimed.

The Earth Devil stared at Xu Fei, and his amusement arose, “So you’re doing it this way… After swallowing the pearl, you could temporarily become my compatible reincarnation physique. However, since you can’t handle the pearl’s spirit qi, you’re bound to be torn apart very soon.”

“Could it be, you’re planning on replacing my current physique and perish alongside me?”

Xu Fei didn’t bother answering him. He only grabbed “Ying Yuzhen”’s body.

As the Earth Splitting Pearl’s spirit qi continued to surge, the Anti-Devil Countering Rune buried within Xu Fei’s body started taking effect, forcefully pulling the Earth Devil into his body!

By right, after the Earth Devil managed to reincarnate, he shouldn’t be able to change his husk anymore.

However, using the Earth Splitting Pearl’s innate countering powers, Xu Fei managed to do so!

The dark-ocher devilish lights within Ying Yuzhen’s eyes dispersed. She shut her eyes, lost her consciousness, and weakly fell to the ground.

The rune by Xu Fei’s chest solidified into stone, which then covered his entire chest.

Rocks started expanding outwards, transforming most of Xu Fei’s body parts into a stone statue.

He lowered his head and stared at his chest. Then, he looked at the mother-son duo and smiled with sincerity.

“Master… senior apprentice-brother Shi… I’ve lived up to your trust…”