Chapter 1468 - Golden Body Of The Great Sage

“

Cling.”

A soft clank broke through the silence.

Yan Zhaoge traced the voice source and saw that the essence stone embedded into the stone wall had fallen off. Then, with gravity’s push, it fell onto the ground.

The foundations of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens – the Earthly Essence Stone!

The instant it fell off the stone wall, it was already freed from the Five Elements Mountain’s constraints. In other words, the Great sage Equalling Heavens – Sun Wukong had finally managed to escape this eternal shackle!

“Friend, if fate allows it, we shall meet again!”

With his voice lingering by Yan Zhaoge’s ears, he vanished away. Yan Zhaoge raised his head to trace the source of the sound.

Xu Fei, the North Ocean Clone, and Pan-Pan remained at the same spot. A beacon of light arose from them, which traversed through the range of mountains, pierced through the skies, pierced through the cosmos, and continued straight upwards, its final destination unknown.

Where had the Great Sage gone to?

After abandoning his cultivation, he leaped through the two seals with his remaining powers. Where would he end up, and what would he do?

Various thoughts flashed across Yan Zhaoge’s mind. Then, he brushed them off and decided not to pry too much into it.

Maybe, they would meet again in the future. Or maybe they won’t. Who knows?

Yan Zhaoge calmed his mind and diverted his attention back to the three around him.

The North Ocean Clone was still in his ape form. Now, his flesh transformed, and he reverted to his human form.

Only the vivid Gigantopithecus pattern remained by his back, his right shoulder, and his scapulas.

Now, the seal had already broken apart. Even if the Gautama Buddha had yet to realize, the owner of the first seal would notice it – if he was still alive, that is.

Similarly, the Future Buddha and his vassals, who governed over the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, might notice something adrift in the Obscured Way World.

As such, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t waste his time becoming emotional. After a slight hesitation, he picked up the Earthly Essence Stone and left the area.

His North Ocean Clone bowed down slightly.

Then, gold radiance shot out from the Gigantopithecus pattern embedded by his right shoulder.

The arbitrary Demonic qi, unbounded by all laws, rampaged within the world in an instant!

The gold radiances instantly took the form of a ruthless Gigantopithecus. Then, as radiances circulated, Sun Wukong’s famed Phoenix Feather Purple Golden Crown, his Golden Chainmail, and his lotus silk root cloud-stepping shoes were all clad onto the North Ocean Clone.

He stretched his hand out, and a Ru Yi Golden Cudgel spun amidst the clump of radiance, sweeping through the entire universe.

The giant ape, which seemed capable of lifting the heavens, let out a bellow when facing the skies, showing off his mighty demeanor. Then, he grabbed Yan Zhaoge, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan; the group leaped towards the skies!

The Five Elements Mountains didn’t react to the North Ocean Clone’s monkey transformation.

The outer seal started taking effect. Streaks of lights intertwined, sealing off the entire area.

Since they had already been exposed, Yan Zhaoge didn’t plan on hiding any further. Under such consideration, he then decided to rush out.

The rampageous golden monkey leaped and swung his cudgel, forcefully breaking through the seal. Then, he left the Obscured Way World.

Amidst the vast cosmic void, several white lotuses started blooming.

Within the carpet of white lotuses, dark flames could occasionally be seen.

Upon seeing the golden monkey, the entire cosmos froze for a moment.

The radiance which previously shot through the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was already on everyone’s mind.

As the golden monkey appeared, everyone slowed down their actions.

However, in the next instant, the chantings of Buddhist scriptures atop the white lotuses became louder. Rays of Buddha lights started enveloping Yan Zhaoge’s group.

The golden monkey chuckled and waved his cudgel around, slapping away all the incoming Buddha lights.

Amidst the Buddha light atop the white lotus, a Buddha slowly presented himself, showing the Long Ears Dingguang Buddha’s grim and confused expression.

The blue-black flames stopped fighting against the white lotus. Instead, it joined together with the golden monkey and left the place.

“How did it go?” After reuniting with each other, while rushing out from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, Feng Yunsheng asked, “How’s senior apprentice-brother Xu?”

A smile appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face. Before he could answer, a voice resounded, “I’m fine. Thanks for worrying about me, junior apprentice-sister Feng.”

The golden monkey’s colossal figure vanished, unearthing the North Ocean Clone’s figure.

The gold radiances converged together and returned to the tattoo by the North Ocean Clone’s right shoulder.

Yan Zhaoge held a clump of Iridescent Cloud in his palm. Atop the cloud, Pan-Pan was currently fast asleep.

The North Ocean Clone stood by the cloud while Xu Fei sat beside him.

Currently, Xu Fei had already recovered his human appearance. His lustrous skin deeply contrasted his previous stone-like feature.

His torso was being exposed, which presented the same tattoo as the North Ocean Clone by his back, right shoulder, and scapulas. The tattoo was currently shining with faint brilliance.

Golden Body of the Great Sage!

This was the gift Sun Wukong left behind for them.

“None of them were Immortals, to begin with. Originally, they weren’t even qualified to bear the Great Sage’s Golden Body. However, thanks to the Earth Splitting Pearl, the Later Earth Text, and the Earth Devil’s interference, the three of them somehow managed to meet the Great Sage’s requirements.” Yan Zhaoge said, “While the Golden Body was evenly distributed, the other effects were also evenly distributed as well.”

“My North Ocean Clone had the sturdiest foundations, which is why he could move again so quickly. As for senior apprentice-brother Xu, he just returned from the dead and required time to condition himself. Meanwhile, this slob just immediately entered his slumber.”

Xu Fei said, “I thought that I was going to die for sure. It’s all thanks to you that I managed to survive this time.”

“Don’t mention it.” Yan Zhaoge smiled. He lifted his hand and shaped it into a fist.

Xu Fei smiled and held his fist out as well. Then, the two’s fists bumped with each other.

After a short pause, Xu Fei asked, filled with concern, “How are Little Jun and his mother? How are the others faring?”

“Aunt Yuzhen is fine now. After some rest, she would recover. She might have even woke up already.” Yan Zhaoge answered, “Little Jun’s injuries, on the other hand, are considerably grave. His right eye, right arm, and right leg are all crippled now. It’s not an easy feat for him to recover.”

Shi Jun’s determination and will impress both Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei.

To obliterate the Devil Monarch Zhong Yuan, who resided within his body, Shi Jun had steeled his resolve and became merciless even towards himself.

However, not only did the devilish intent infest his flesh, it even infested his soul.

Shi Jun would suffer from irreversible damage upon killing the Devil. Both his flesh and soul would be wounded.

In this case, treating his wounds would be extremely difficult.

“I do have some ideas of treatment in my mind. After going back and analyzing Little Jun’s condition, he should turn out fine.” Yan Zhaoge said, “They have already been escorted back to the Awakened Sky Cosmos. Your condition was extremely dire, which is why we came all the way here first. As for the others, I haven’t come in contact with them yet.”

Xu Fei nodded slightly, “Hopefully, the others would be fine.”

He tilted his head slightly and looked at his right shoulder from the corner of his eye, “As for me, I received a blessing in disguise.”

“Just now, when your North Ocean Clone manifested the Golden Body of the Great Sage, he had the Five Qis Unifications and the Duo Splendours within. It seems like… the Grand Virtual Peak Realm.” Feng Yunsheng said, “If senior apprentice-brother Xu and Pan-Pan could move again, would they be the same?”

Yan Zhaoge raised the corner of his mouth, “It’s just like how we were when we devoured the Pill Hall’s pill qi. Ultimately, their foundations are still a little too weak and require time to refine the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ Golden Body slowly. Refining such a thing is much harder than you think.”