Chapter 1464 - A Blessing In Disguise

Yan Zhaoge jumped out from the black ember prison and flipped his palm over, arousing flames from his surroundings.

His finger volleyed in the air, leaving behind traces of light streams which remained by the void for a long time.

The streams of lights then formed another cage, surrounding the dark ember within, and proceeded to seal it.

“How’s it?” asked Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge said, “That scoundrel shall forget living a good life any longer.”

He never lost his cool due to his rage. He had already planned his future actions.

However, rage still filled Yan Zhaoge’s entire heart.

Even before this, he had always been searching for a way of troubling Chen Qianhua. Now that the problem maker fell into his hands, how could Yan Zhaoge let him go so easily?

“I’ll let him regret being born.” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze turned gloomy.

“He deserves it.” Feng Yunsheng nodded.

When she just arrived, she still wasn’t aware of the situation by Shi Jun’s side. As such, she first went ahead to capture Chen Qianhua.

As the Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation’s ruthless blade intent attacked, it obliterated all sorts of dao. Chen Qianhua’s cultivation was destroyed by her, with all his understanding and proficiencies towards martial arts being disposed of mercilessly.

Then, she preserved Chen Qianhua’s life. However, she merely planned to pass him to Yan Zhaoge.

While she didn’t know how Yan Zhaoge would deal with him, Feng Yunsheng would only say that he deserved it.

She was more concerned about something else, “Can we save senior apprentice-brother Xu?”

“If I’m not wrong, we should still have hope,” said Yan Zhaoge solemnly.

Feng Yunsheng asked worriedly, “He swallowed the Earth Splitting Pearl and activated the Anti-Devil Countering Rune to kill the Earth Devil. However, even if you used the Later Earth Text, senior apprentice-brother Xu doesn’t have a Yin Yang Earthly Spirit physique.”

“While the Earth Splitting Pearl contains earthly spiritual qi, it also greatly counters it. As a result, huge destruction would occur within his body.”

Others might not know what Yan Zhaoge was planning to do.

However, upon hearing Yan Zhaoge’s destination – the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, she immediately understood his intentions.

Yan Zhaoge’s hope was all on the Great Sage Equalling Heavens – Sun Wukong, who was being suppressed by the Obscured Way World’s Five Elements Mountains!

In the past, he mentioned that he coveted those of the Monkey Race or those possessing the Yin Yang Earthly Spirit to inherit his Golden Body, which would then allow him to break free from his restraints.

Upon hearing the location Yan Zhaoge intended to go to, Feng Yunsheng immediately understood what he was thinking.

However, she was still hesitant.

Xu Fei had swallowed the Earth Splitting Pearl to eliminate the Earth Devil. He didn’t possess the Yin Yang Earthly Spirit.

Even with the Later Earth Text, he still didn’t.

Otherwise, she would have immediately thought of such a method as well.

Previously, upon Yan Zhaoge’s behest, Feng Yunsheng immediately started her journey without saying anything else. However, she was still uncertain of whether this method would work. As such, she decided to ask Yan Zhaoge while continuing her journey forward.

“Indeed, it wouldn’t work solely because of that.” With Feng Yunsheng bringing him along, Yan Zhaoge didn’t have to waste any energy to travel.

He took out the stone statue formed by Xu Fei’s body. He carefully examined the cinereous-green statue and finally used his finger to leave a trace behind the statue.

An ancient yet profound talisman pattern appeared by the back of the statue.

Then, Yan Zhaoge extended his hand and pressed it onto the Later Earth Text.

Faint lusters emitted from the Later Earth Text, which then started nourishing the statue.

“What’s this talisman?” Feng Yunsheng looked with a face filled with curiosity, “It looks very ancient…”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “It was created during the Early Heavens and had been passed down for many years. After the Ancient era, it was kept by the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace. Later, due to the Great Calamity, it was finally lost in the ruins.”

“While the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Martial Repository had been destroyed, our luck is still considerably decent. I managed to dig up this talisman in the Pill Hall.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “Actually, we can’t say that we’re lucky either. Without the matters that happened today, this talisman would still be placed aside by me. When I discovered it last time, I didn’t pay it any attention at all.”

“This talisman is capable of helping senior apprentice-brother Xu?” Finally, a hint of joy appeared on Feng Yunsheng’s face.

“I’ve studied the usage of it and felt that we could try it out.” Yan Zhaoge answered, “From the looks of it now, it’s exactly how I expected it to work. We can finally relax a little.”

Feng Yunsheng stared at the stone statue and finally understood, “I remember the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ words. To inherit his Golden Body, one’s cultivation must reach a certain height. Otherwise, multiple candidates would be required.”

Xu Fei, Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone, and Pan Pan together weren’t qualified yet.

Not only was their cultivation weak, but they also numbered to a mere few. Most likely, they wouldn’t have the chance of succeeding.

“But now, with the fusion of the Earth Splitting Pearl and part of the Later Earth Text’s spiritual energy, he could inherit the Great Sage Equalling Heaven’s Golden Body despite being a stone statue?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded and said, “I’ve already contacted my North Ocean Clone. After a while, he would bring Pan Pan along. With this, our glimmer of hope might expand.”

He quietly stared at the stone statue. While its surface was coarse, it still seemed so lively. Xu Fei’s smiling face could still be seen.

“If we succeed, this would be a blessing in disguise for senior apprentice-brother Xu,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge softly said, “That being said, this is a matter of life and death with all sorts of uncertainties lying ahead. If we had the luxury of choice, we wouldn’t have used the Great Sage Equalling Heavens to our benefits.”

“Hopefully, senior apprentice-brother Xu would be safe,” said Feng Yunsheng. Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly.

The two continued on their journey. Midway, they stopped for a short moment.

After a short while, Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone appeared, with his wings flapping.

As he got closer, the North Ocean Clone lifted his palm. A brilliance flickered by his palm, leading to the appearance of a round clump of black-white fur, which came lunging towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge grabbed Pan Pan by his neck’s fur and lifted him. He said with annoyance, “Calm down, you good-for-nothing.”

After joining up with Pan Pan and the North Ocean Clone, they continued on their journey.

Very quickly, they arrived near the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

“Without the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s interference, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus might react to our invasion very quickly. We’re only allocated with a limited amount of time,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “After the Earth Devil perished, the group of Devils had lost their purpose of roaming outside. Of course, returning to the Nine Underworlds is no easy feat. The Daoism, Buddhism, and the Demon Race bigwigs are busy dealing with the Nine Underworlds Infernal devils. While they won’t immediately divert their attention here, we still have to remain utmost cautious.”

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was still in a heated battle against the Immortal Court.

However, if a considerable commotion were to occur in their land, part of the pseudo-Buddhist experts would still pay attention to what had happened.

“I’ll help cover your movements. Quickly go to the Obscured Way World, and quickly return,” said Feng Yunsheng.

“You be careful too.” Yan Zhaoge carried the stone statue and let out a long breath. Finally, he strode forward.

“Let’s go!”