Chapter 1474 - Needle In The Universe

Amidst the dark void, a few signs of brilliance flashed across, their permeating Demonic qi perplexing the surrounding stars.

After the brilliance disappeared, only did some silhouette appear by the dark void.

They belonged to Yan Zhaoge’s group.

“Before the war ends, we’re bound to come across experts from varying factions.” Daoist cloud Conquest said, “We have to be extra cautious against the Demon Race. I wonder where the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles is at?”

The leader of the Golden-Winged Great Roc clan – the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles. He was considered one of the fastest Demon Race Great Sage.

When comparing speed alone, he would undoubtedly be the quickest existence among all other Grand Heavenly Realm experts.

Right now, Yan Zhaoge’s group had formed a dispute against said Demon Race Great Sage.

During the previous battle concerning the Earth Devil’s resurrection, his son – a Demon Race Small Saint called Fuluo Zi had perished by the Immortal Extermination Formation, which Yan Zhaoge and the others laid down.

Fuluo Zi’s speed was undoubtedly a massive threat to Yan Zhaoge and the others, who aimed to protect Xu Fei, Shi Jun, and Ying Yuzhen.

Violence knows no boundaries. Yan Zhaoge’s group would not bother leaving him unscathed as well.

However, just because they slew Fuluo Zi without any hesitations, it did not imply that they were lofty enough to ignore the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles. Only, while you could relent on some matters, some matters call for merciless actions.

If they let him go, they would have to be wary of his vengeance.

According to the intel, the Roc of Ten thousand Cloudy Miles did not partake in the war between the Nine Underworlds Devil’s resurrection and the other forces.

The Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were still in a war against each other.

The Western Pure Lands and the Demon Race, who supported the two, were also brawling against each other, with no sides willing to give way.

The roc of Ten thousand Cloudy Miles was the Demon Race army commander, responsible for the skirmish against the Western Pure Lands.

Typically speaking, this would be a heavy responsibility.

This Demon Race Great Sage’s existence had caused Buddhism significant troubles. Under specific conditions, he alone sufficed in dealing with a few Grand Heavenly Realm experts. He alone could draw the attention of various Buddhas.

Due to his presence, even when the two sides were still in a tie, the Demon Race was allocated with a certain amount of initiative, while the Western Pure Lands were comparatively more on guard.

If the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles suddenly left, no one could predict what outcome it would bring about.

Thanks to the Demon Race holding the Western Pure Lands back, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus could invade the Immortal Court viciously without holding back. Until now, they still held the advantageous grounds.

If a hole appeared in the Demon Race’s defense line, which allowed the Western Pure Lands’ orthodox Buddhism experts to interfere with the battle between the two heretics faction, the situation would undoubtedly undergo a drastic change.

Usually, this should be the case…

But, now, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ son had perished.

If he were not aware of it, then all would still be fine. However, once he got wind of it, he might take action soon enough.

With him not being present even until now, the probability of him being held back by other experts of the same realm was still more prominent.

Being coveted after by this Grand Heavenly Realm expert was not something to look forward to.

Which was why Yan Zhaoge’s group was in such a rush to locate their lost brethren.

“According to the current intel, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles still has yet to appear in this area’s battlefield.” Yan Zhaoge said, “However, to that Demon, traversing through the vast void was something he could do in a mere moment. To him, such distance doesn’t matter at all.

While there exists the possibility of him being held back by his foes, if no particular factors were involved within, his opponents would wish to run away from him as soon as possible, as far as possible.

Which was why Yan Zhaoge’s group did not dare put down their guard.

“Daoist Ling sent us some intel. As of now, she’s still fine. However, since she received such heavy wounds in the Immortal Extermination Formation, she has to seclude herself to focus on her conditioning,” said Gao Qingxuan.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “We truly troubled the Exalted Lunar Luminary this time.”

It was not only Ling Qing. When the Immortal Extermination Formation shattered, those that laid the formation had also suffered from similar injuries.

Even Yan Zhaoge was of no exception. Only during the period where the North Ocean Clone was inheriting the Golden Body of the Great Sage did he manage to undergo recovery.

The others were not as fortunate. Even those beside him – Yan Di, Gao Qingxuan, and Daoist Cloud Conquest were wound ridden.

With such heavy wounds, only prolonged periods of recovery would allow them to recuperate.

Now, they were merely occupied with their search and were decided to hold back their recovery.

The others who joined the fray in laying down the formation were also injured to a certain degree. The lower one’s cultivation was, the graver the wound became.

“Senior apprentice-brother Long should be fine, right?” Yan Di asked Gao Qingxuan.

“Long Xueji’ was critically injured, rendering him incapable of fighting against others for now. Otherwise, his vitality and foundations would be damaged.” Gao Qingxuan shook her head, “But, he’s already returned to the Roving Jade Heavens safely. If nothing out of the ordinary occurs, no repercussions will happen.”

Yan Di nodded, “That’s fortunate to hear.”

“Senior apprentice-uncle Long, senior apprentice-uncle Yue, we still have no information regarding senior apprentice-brother Nie and senior apprentice-sister Yu as of now.” Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples lightly, “Hopefully, the two are still safe and sound.”

The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was an enormous looming threat. If someone were to face him alone, they would not even find any avail in struggling.

However, other than this Demon Race Great Sage, those who were lost might face foes from other factions as well.

Being bound with injuries, their combat prowess would be restricted. Facing foes in such a condition would be unfavorable.

“Right now, we’re all covered with wounds. If that were not the case, searching for them separately would be much quicker,” said Daoist Cloud Conquest with a frown.

“At least we have the help of a few other friends,” said Yan Zhaoge.

The roving Jade Heaven’s Tranquility Emperor, the Liberal Emperor, the Sky beyond Skies’ Brocade Emperor – Fu Yunchi, and Mars Halberd had all left the Awakened Sky Cosmos to provide aid for Yan Zhaoge’s group.

After sending Shi Jun and his mother back to the Sky beyond Skies, they came out again and continued searching for those who were still missing.

Yue Zhenbei’s disciple – Bai Tao and Daoist Cloud Conquest’s disciple – He Mian, had joined the search as well. Bai Tao brought the Jade Capital Crag’s Immortal Artifact – the Origin Opening Sword along with him, while He Mian brought the Ashen Spirit Valley’s Clear Accomplishment Sword along with him.

They were not as jarring as the others, and they were not injured at all. Moreover, they never joined any of the previous battles. Without knowing about them aforehand, their foes would not even bother with them. As such, they conducted their search separated from the others.

Only, with how vast the void was, locating two people would prove to be challenging.

“Right now, we’re still a little too slow.”

After they continued their advancement for a while longer, Yan Zhaoge suggested, “How about Senior Gao conduct your search alone?”

Her original self had already returned to the Roving Jade Heavens, and the clone present was ridden with wounds. However, Gao Qingxuan was still of the Virtual Immortal Realm.

“That’s fine.” Gao Qingxuan nodded. Suddenly, her complexion changed.

After pondering for a moment, she said, “Kun Ningzi and the Jade Capital Crag’s Little Friend Bai are now together. But, they seemed to have encountered some troubles.”

Despite hearing the word “trouble,” Yan Zhaoge and the others were not annoyed at all. Instead, they seemed spirited.