Chapter 1471 - Perishment Of A Bigwig

Throughout the years, Chen Qianhua had amassed an immense amount of fortune. That being the case, he would not bring most of these fortunes alongside him.

Of course, Chen Qianhua had consumed most of them, which proved to be a pity for Yan Zhaoge.

The loot acquired from Chen Qianhua only amounted to a small portion.

The others were scattered around the cave manor Chen Qianhua himself created.

Chen Qianhua’s cultivation was now in ruins. The disparity between the two had now become jarringly apparent. Using the Heart’s Will Heavenly Scripture, he could easily tell if Chen Qianhua was lying or not. He merely had to lay traps of words for Chen Qianhua to step into.

Of course, these would take place at a later date. Yan Zhaoge had no time to dwell in these matters.

Xu Fei came out unharmed, while Shi Jun and his mother were now safe. Currently, Yan Zhaoge was more concerned for Yan Di and the others, which he had lost contact.

When the Immortal Extermination Formation shattered, it tore the space’s fabrics apart, causing everyone to separate from each other.

Yan Zhaoge, Yu Ye, Long Xueji, and Daoist Cloud Conquest were administering the formation. Under the formation’s protection, they had an easier time stabilizing themselves upon entering the spatial distortion.

Gao Qingxuan went against the flow of momentum and harmed the Victorious Buddha Buddha using the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

However, Yan Di, Long Xingquan, Yue Zhenbei, Nie Jingshen, and Ling Qing were not as fortunate.

For something as substantial as the Immortal Extermination Formation, the degree of destructiveness from its spatial distortion was undoubtedly beyond mortal comprehension. Even Immortals could not possibly come out unscathed.

Fortunately, after noticing that Yu Ye, Long Xueji, and Daoist Cloud Conquest were in a more favorable situation, he turned to aid others.

With this layer of aid, they would not be vulnerable to many dangers.

However, ultimately, everyone had separated from each other. Returning to the Awakened Sky Cosmos proved to be something of extreme difficulty.

Now, Yan Zhaoge could only hope that everyone was safe and that they could reunite as soon as possible. At the very least, he did not hope for the same thing that happened to Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye.

After assuring that no one was tailing him, Yan Zhaoge let the North Ocean Clone lead Xu Fei, Pan-Pan, and Feng Yunsheng back to the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

“Return first. I shall continue my search for the others.”

After causing a commotion in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, the North Ocean Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan-Pan would be better off hiding from the public.

Feng Yunsheng required time to condition herself and was not in the state to move around any further. If a bow gets drawn too tightly, it faces the risk of being snapped.

“Be careful.” Feng Yunsheng was aware of her situation. As such, she did not persist any further, “After I return, maybe Mars Halberd and the others can assist your search.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Don’t worry too much about me.”

The North Ocean Clone led everyone else away, while Yan Zhaoge remained wandering by the void’s boundless outskirts.

Although the Water and Earth Devil had perished, the battle had yet to come to an end. With so many experts around, Yan Zhaoge had to plan his advancements carefully. Otherwise, if he were careless, he would face the risk of being captured.

He was already being coveted after by many others.

The void’s boundless outskirts were extremely vast, with seemingly no ends to its boundaries. Finding a lost someone would pose extreme difficulties.

To counter such problems, everyone had invented different methods of contacting each other.

Some martial arts or tools allowed communication or even interconnected seals.

Relatively speaking, the interconnected seals were much secretive and would not be noticed as easily. While the procedure was much more bothersome, the safety it grants makes it worth it.

Through the mark left behind by their brethren, one would have a much easier time searching for said brethren.

Currently, Yan Zhaoge was using all possible methods he could think of, not even allowing any potential chances to slip by.

Very quickly, he found someone.

“Senior Gao, Daoist Cloud Conquest.” Yan Zhaoge saluted the woman in green and the old man in daoist robes.

They were Gao Qingxuan and Daoist Cloud Conquest.

After the former forced the Victorious Fighting Buddha into retreat, she did not escape immediately. Instead, after affirming the departure of the Buddha, only did she leave the battlefield.

Like Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan did not immediately return to the Awakened Sky Cosmos’ Roving Jade Heavens. Instead, she continued wandering around by the void’s boundless outskirts, searching for others as well.

She first came across Daoist Cloud Conquest. Then, the two proceeded to search for others. Unfortunately, their efforts until now were to no avail.

“How are your fellow brethren now?” asked Gao Qingxuan.

“It’s a long story.” Yan Zhaoge answered, “But, they’re practically fine now. I want to thank the two of you for lending us your aids.”

While Gao Qingxuan and Daoist Cloud Conquest’s complexions remained normal, their auras were weakened. Just like a sword that had gone through countless battles, their auras were weakened by their dreadful wounds.

As the Immortal Extermination Formation shattered, everyone within the formation had suffered from injuries of different degrees.

Gao Qingxuan’s condition was already considered decent. After the battle against the Victorious Fighting Buddha, she had no time to deal with her wounds, harming her vitality in the process.

However, the two Prime Clear sword cultivators did not mind. They shook their heads and said, “You’re too formal here. When facing external enemies, we shall stand on the same side.”

Since the matters regarding the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had already been dealt with, Yan Zhaoge did not conceal it any further. He then proceeded to narrate the general gist of the situation.

In a way, he was also informing the Incongruence Divine Mother.

After listening to Yan Zhaoge’s story, the two were dumbfounded, “Never expected so many twists to exist within the myths.”

“The one who sealed the Great Sage Equalling Heavens would most likely be the Gautama Buddha, who had transcended since long ago.” Daoist Cloud Conquest pondered and said, “Would assisting the Great Sage Equalling Heavens result in negative consequences?”

Yan Zhaoge did not mention his guesses towards the Elder Lord. Instead, he merely said, “Some risks should be taken. Amassing three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage would grant my brethren with astonishing benefits.”

“Indeed, this counts as an opportunity to them.” Daoist Cloud Conquest nodded and did not say anything else.

“If anything, this is all thanks to senior apprentice-sister Yu.” Yan Zhaoge said, “If she did not bring the Immortal Extermination Formation and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword back with senior apprentice-brother Nie, we might have been incapable of defeating the Victorious Fighting Buddha.”

Gao Qingxuan nodded, “Indeed.”

Then, she frowned slightly, “But, to think that the Lord of Plentiful Treasures had already perished…”

Yan Zhaoge said nothing.

The Prime Clear Ten Scriptures’ final scripture – the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, the top-notch supreme martial arts of the Prime Clear lineage…

The horrifying mightiness of the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture triumphs over any other Daoism martial arts lineage.

Just like Yan Zhaoge’s Peerless Heavenly Scripture, only one person could cultivate this supreme martial art.

However, if the Lord of Numinous Treasures had transcended, only would his position be emptied, allowing others to inherit his position.

The second person to ever cultivate the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture would most likely be the Lord of Plentiful Treasures.

The reason? After the Lord of Plentiful Treasures disappeared, the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture vanished along with him, its whereabouts unknown.

With the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture’s reappearance and Yu Ye becoming its brand-new successor, this implied that the previous cultivator of this scripture had already perished.

“Could the Lord of Plentiful Treasure not have cultivated the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture?” Upon mentioning this topic, Daoist Cloud Conquest’s face turned solemn, “While that’s not likely to happen, there still exists such possibility.”

“I hope that to be the case as well. Unfortunately, it’s not.” Gao Qingxuan took out her Immortal Slaughtering Sword. She stared at the jet-black sword-light and let out a sigh, “The Immortal Slaughtering Sword had already given us the answer.”