Chapter 1472 - Idealism Holds No Grounds In The Face Of Reality

Gao Qingxuan looked at the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, then at Yan Zhaoge, “The Jade Clear lineage’s Master Red Essence had also perished.”

“Perished by the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s hands?” Hearing her words, Yan Zhaoge expressed a pained expression.

During the Ancient Investiture of the Gods era, the Immortal Extermination Formation shattered, resulting in the Immortal Extermination Four Swords falling into the hands of the Jade Clear experts.

The Jade Clear bigwig who acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword was Master Red Essence.

The Master Red Essence was the Primordial Heavenly Lord’s disciple. In other words, he was of the orthodox Jade Clear lineage.

He was proficient in the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture, the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture, and the Heart’s Will Heavenly Scripture. Then, using the Jade Clear lineage as a foundation, he explored a new branch, creating his style in the process by fusing the transformation of life and death. Having such an understanding of the laws of life and death in the underworld, he opened up a brand new category for the Jade Clear lineage.

The World beyond Worlds’ northwestern Dim Heaven Territory Red Sea lineage had originated from the Master Red Essence’s unique branch of lineage.

However, as time passed, this Daoism Heavenly Lord ceased to appear in the world anymore and disappeared by history tales.

From the looks of it now, he had already perished.

Gao Qingxuan sighed and affirmed Yan Zhaoge’s thought, “If the Lord of Plentiful Treasure desired to retrieve the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords, he’ll first have to find the Master Red Essence.”

“Senior apprentice-brother Nie and senior apprentice-sister Yu had most likely inherited the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture and acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword through the Lord of Plentiful Treasures. If the Master Red Essence had truly perished, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure would most likely be his killer.” Yan Zhaoge smiled bitterly.

Daoist Cloud Conquest was standing aside. As someone of the Prime Clear lineage, the feelings of embarrassment overwrote his expression when facing Yan Zhaoge, someone of the Jade Clear lineage.

“Those were the matters of the Ancient era. Let’s not mention it for now.” Yan Zhaoge forced a smile, “But I wonder, how many swords did the Lord of Plentiful Treasure manage to retrieve?”

Gao Qingxuan replied, “Only the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.”

She whispered, “Because, not long after, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had also perished.”

“Which Dao Ancestor was it?” asked Yan Zhaoge.

The Lord of Plentiful Treasure was the first disciple of the Prime Clear Dao Ancestor – the Lord of Numinous Treasure. His esteemed cultivation inherently allowed him to be dubbed as one of Daoism’s Three Great Sword Cultivators. The Jade Clear Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity and one of the Daoism’s Four Imperials – the Purple Tenuity Emperor were also included.

Truthfully speaking, when accounting in cultivation alone, he would not be considered as number one among his Prime Clear brethren.

Among the Lord of Numinous Treasure’s disciples, the title of the strongest belonged to the Golden Spirit Mother.

After the Golden Spirit Mother was enlisted within the Investiture Gods and entered the Heavenly Court Divine Palace, she inherited the position as the head of the Big Dipper Agency, forever stuck with the role of the Northern Palace Plough Matriarch Righteous God.

Her full title was the “Heaven Reigning Brahma Plough Matriarch Origin Monarch Purple Brilliance Benevolent Grand Plainness True Compassionate Heavenly Lord.” She was the matriarch of the Big Dipper before the Heaven Reigning Purple Tenuity Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor.

However, the Golden Spirit Divine Mother was not a sword cultivator.

In terms of proficiency in the sword, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure still holds the number one title within the Prime Clear lineage.

When accounting in the Immortal Extermination Formation, he would undoubtedly become the strongest disciple under the Lord of Numinous Treasure. Even during the ancient times, practically no Grand Heavenly Immortals could ever deter him.

Having one of the Immortal Extermination Four Swords alone was not enough to operate the Immortal Extermination Formation’s powers to the max.

However, after the Ancient era, the Lord of Numinous Treasure transcended, while the Lord of Plentiful Treasure successfully inherited the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture. Compared to when the Investiture Gods war took place, his strength had leaped by miles since then.

Even without the Immortal Extermination Formation, he even surpassed the Golden Spirit Divine Mother by cultivating the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture.

The Lord of Plentiful Treasure possessed the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture and was in control of the complete version of the Immortal Extermination Formation’s blueprint. With these, he became the top-notch existence among the Grand Heavenly Immortals.

Without undergoing besiegement, the only one capable of eliminating the Lord of Plentiful Treasures would be a Dao Ancestor.

As expected, Gao Qingxuan stared at Yan Zhaoge and Daoist Cloud Conquest and slowly said.

“The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.”

Daoist Cloud Conquest asked, “Why would the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil want to eliminate the Lord of Plentiful Treasures?

Hmm…

wait!”

He showed a look of deep contemplation, “Could it be…”

“Could it be… the Lord of Plentiful Treasure attempted to replace the Doomsday Heavenly Devil?” Yan Zhaoge continued his sentence.

Gao Qingxuan nodded gently.

Yan Zhaoge facepalmed while Daoist Cloud Conquest sighed.

As one of the very few experts of the Grand Heavenly Realm, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure would have his ambitions. He wanted to ascend to the realm beyond the Grand Heavenly Realm and become a Dao Ancestor.

“The Lord of Plentiful Treasures has extremely sturdy foundations, and he even possessed such mightiness. With a supreme martial art like the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, which guarantees his future of ascension, his chances of ascending to that realm were extremely favorable. Why did he have to covet after the sixth Ancestral Devil’s position?” Daoist Cloud Conquest’s face was filled with pity.

Yan Zhaoge thought for a while, “Perhaps, someone else was holding him back?”

The final scripture of the Prime Clear Ten Scriptures – the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture was the same as Yan Zhaoge’s Peerless Heavenly Scripture, the first scripture of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures. They were all the foundations of the Three Clear Grand Masters, which allowed them to transcend to the Dao Realm.

Theoretically speaking, as long as one could fully comprehend the laws and argumentations within these scriptures and advance accordingly, they could follow after the Primordial Heavenly Lord and the Lord of Numinous Treasure’s path, slowly advancing towards the Dao Realm.

Of course, if one hoped to comprehend these supreme martial arts fully, not only would they require savviness, they also needed opportunities.

The Three Clears Grand Masters did not just transcend so simply. The requirements contained within were extremely harsh.

As a result, a problem arose during the actual cultivation.

The three Clears Grand Master succeeded in their transcendence and had pointed out a path for their successors. However, this path would be exposed to others as well.

Those who were capable and harbored malicious intentions would then strive to disrupt these paths.

Or, the disruption might not even occur. Others might destroy the person’s path towards transcendence.

When such disruptions happen, one might only be held back a little. In other words, they still had the chance of ascension.

However, some barricades would block off the path entirely.

Not only would their path towards transcendence be blocked, but their path of ascending towards the Dao Realm might suffer from such hurdles as well.

“Idealism holds no grounds in the face of reality,” said Yan Zhaoge helplessly.

An example he knew came to his mind.

The Maitreya Buddha – the current Future Buddha, currently governed over the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Typically speaking, as long as the current Buddha transcends, he would be able to take over the position, becoming the new owner of the central Blessed Lands of Saha. With this, he would surpass the colossal gulf between the Grand Heavenly Realm and the Dao Realm, becoming the new Mystical Mountain’s Buddha.

If he succeeded, he would follow the path the Gautama Buddha walked through, advancing from the Dao Realm towards transcendence.

His ascending path to the Dao Realm differed from other Buddhism experts, including those of the Blessed Lands of Saha. His path was unique and extremely simple, making other Grand Heavenly Realm experts jealous and envious of him.

But, so what about it? Now, everyone knew what happened.

During his final crucial step of ascending to the Dao Realm, the Maitreya Buddha was schemed against by someone else.

It was so bad that even when he wanted to walk the orthodox like any other Blessed Lands Buddha slowly, he was incapable of doing so.

In the end, he was forced to change the entire central Blessed Lands of Saha’s teachings, which resulted in a large majority of Blessed Lands of Saha experts turning towards the Western Pure Lands.

This was under the circumstance where his path was still considered secretive.

The clearer the path was, the easier it was for someone else to intervene.

Since ancient times, countless paragons had emerged. Using other arts as their basis, they continued innovating different paths to prevent such occurrences from happening.

Sometimes, new discoveries might break through the hurdles by their pathway, making it unimpeded.

Of course, time and tide wait for no men. Everything is still dependent on reality.

Sometimes, one would be forced to go through hardships. Occasionally, some choices dwell only between “worse possible outcome” and “even worse possible outcome.”

“The one that obstructed the Lord of Plentiful Treasures’ path, no, the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture should be the Nine Underworlds, right?” Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “To lay down the pathway for the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.”