Chapter 1473 - Lord Of Plentiful Treasure’S Burial Spot

“If the Lord of Numinous Treasure were still alive, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s descent would result in the two’s confrontation.”

Gao Qingxuan and Daoist Cloud Conquest sighed, “With the Lord of Numinous Treasure’s transcendence, the Nine Underworlds wouldn’t hope for another Lord of Numinous Treasure to appear.”

“But, perhaps, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s actions in the past presented an opportunity for Jian Shunhu.” Yan Zhaoge underwent deep contemplation, “Otherwise, she wouldn’t have acquired it so easily.”

Hearing his words, the other two sunk into deep thought, “That could likely be the reason.”

“Knowing this truth doesn’t make me happy at all.” Yan Zhaooge smiled bitterly.

The two Prime Clear bigwigs did not hold any tinge of joy as well.

It was not only because they found evidence of perishment for one of Daoism’s bigwigs.

Instead, through this revelation, they realized how unpredictable the Elder Lord’s thoughts were.

Relying too much on the Elder Lord was not something reassuring.

It was no wonder that during this era, when the Great Calamity struck, the Elder Lord did not even bother making any moves.

“Ultimately, we still have to rely on ourselves.” Yan Zhaoge muttered, “Rather than placing our hopes on the Elder Lord, we might as well lower our expectations. Perhaps, a surprise might even await us.”

The three looked at each other and remained quiet.

“The death of Master Red Essence and the Lord of Plentiful Treasure happened during the Middle era?” After a while, Yan Zhaoge tidied his thoughts and asked once again.

Gao Qingxuan nodded, “That’s right. It all happened during the early stages of the Middle era. It happened before the Journey to the West, a little earlier before the Great Sage Equalling Heavens was born.”

“The Lord of Plentiful Treasure and Master Red Essence had also disappeared during that period, with news related to them decreasing drastically.” Yan Zhaoge contemplated, “The timing does fit.”

Yan Zhaoge suddenly thought about another matter.

Previously, he was stuck in a situation filled with immense danger, with him having to deal with the Victorious Fighting Buddha and experts from various other factions. As a result, he could not communicate much with Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye, who had just reunited. He could not ask about how they acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword and what they had experienced.

However, when looking at the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, some thoughts surfaced in Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

After the Investiture ended, and after the Ancient era, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had left behind an inheritance of his lineage – the Daoist temple.

This Prime Clear lineage was the most proficient in the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual.

In the past, Yan Zhaoge had first learned of the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual in the Daoist temple. Only after that did he review the Incongruence Divine Mother’s Immortal Slaughtering Sword in the Roving Jade Heavens.

During the beginning of the Middle era, the Lord of Plentiful Treasures had left behind a lineage unbeknownst to the public.

Could he have his special reason for doing so?

Only, he did not know when the Daoist temple’s creator – Daoist Origin Peace had joined the Lord of Plentiful Treasurer’s lineage.

After he killed Master Red Essence, after he acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, and before the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil killed him, then there must be some reasoning hidden within.

“In the end, fate still holds control over any kinds of plots.” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin.

No matter if the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had made his special arrangements or not, the Great Calamity’s effects encompassed the entire great thousand universes, inflicting heavy casualties upon the Daoist temple.

Although Yan Zhaoge discovered the Daoist temple’s ruins and acquired the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual, Yu Ye had arrived at the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s burial spot, also acquiring said sword art in the process.

Even if the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had a plot, it would have all gone to waste.

Fate often messes with people, nothing more than that.

“If the Lord of Plentiful Treasure perished by the hands of the Vast Freedom heavenly Devil, why didn’t the Immortal slaughtering Sword fall into the hands of the Nine Underworlds?” Daoist Cloud Conquest asked, “Where did Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen locate the Immortal Slaughtering Sword and the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s remains?”

Gao Qingxuan replied, “According to what the Immortal Slaughtering Sword shows, the Lord of Plentiful Treasure didn’t immediately die by the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil. He managed to escape, yet his wounds were far too severe for recovery.”

“I don’t know the exact details either. The two must have entered the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s spot of burial through the previous spatial distortion, which allowed them to acquire the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.”

Daoist Cloud Conquest remained silent.

Gao Qingxuan asked, “Are you perhaps wondering if others had also discovered that place?”

“Yeah.” Daoist Cloud Conquest nodded.

Yan Zhaoge showed a look of resounding approval.

After the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had perished for so many years, his remains had never been located by anyone.

Even when the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil caused his perishment, the Nine Underworlds did not manage to locate his burial spot and eliminate all sorts of future troubles from arising.

Normally, while there exists the possibility of Nie Jingshen and Yu ye entering the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s burial spot through the spatial black hole created by the Blood Star Devil Monarch, the possibilities were nigh none.

After all, with the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, the Lord of Plentiful Treasures could form a defensive formation, prohibiting it from being noticed by others.

Even if one noticed it, breaking through the restrictions and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword was not easy.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye were both prodigies, their strength far surpassing their peers. With the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual acquired from the Daoist temple, the Lord of Plentiful treasure’s lineage, even if they had the possibility of breaking through it, doing so would not be all that easy either.

As such, perhaps, someone else had also located the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s burial spot during that time. With all other factors included within, only did the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s remains resurfaced within the world.

Nie Jingshen and the others entered the ruins through spatial distortion. Perhaps, someone else managed to come in contact with the ruin’s restrictions.

With all sorts of coincidences joined together, it resulted in Yu Ye receiving huge benefits from it.

“Senior apprentice-brother Nie and senior apprentice-sister Yu’s barging might’ve also assisted others in entering the ruins.”

Otherwise, the other party might have to spend a lot more time and effort before they were allowed to enter.

Pairing together with other causations, they coincidentally managed to open up this sealed remnant of the past.

“In the end, the two’s fates were more compatible with the Lord of Plentiful Treasure, which resulted in the two hoardings these benefits.” Daoist Cloud Conquest said, “Only, I wonder who joined the contest, and what happened to them now?”

The three stared at each other, glimmers flashing across their eyes.

Those that could locate the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s remains would most likely be of the Prime Clear lineage. Even if those of other lineages could do so, the possibility of him being of the Prime Clear lineage was still highly likely.

A name surfaced across their minds.

The one who left the Roving Jade Heavens on his own accord, the Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu.

They were not sure if other Prime Clear successors still existed, just like how Li Xingba and Daoist Crimson Mist had secluded themselves from the world. However, upon thinking about a Prime Clear martial art cultivator, Zhang Buxu became the candidate with the highest possibility.

“We’ll have to ask senior apprentice-brother Nie and senior apprentice-sister Yu about the exact details.” Yan Zhaoge said, “We have to locate the others quickly. Right now, the battle had yet to end. While the void’s outskirts are indeed vast, who knows if they would encounter a foe or not.”

Gao Qingxuan and Daoist Cloud Conquest nodded. The three then continued their search within the void.

After a while, they successfully located Yan Di and received Long Xueji’s message elucidating his safety after returning to the Roving Jade Heavens. Through his message, they were also aware that she was not in a dire condition despite suffering from serious injuries.

Their search continued in the chaotic void’s outskirts, where flames of war were still raging about.