Chapter 1476 - Shocking Everyone With Martial Prowess

Chapter 1476: Shocking Everyone with Martial Prowess

As Bai Tao was taken aback, Yan Zhaoge’s advancement continued. While grabbing the black dragon, he rushed towards the Immortal Court Sovereign and Emperors.

The reinforcements initially came here to assist the black dragon and the Mountain Shu sword cultivator in apprehending Kun Ningzi and Bai Tao.

However, when they saw Yan Zhaoge’s demeanor when attacking, they halted their movements in unison.

Despite being a Profound Immortal, the black dragon was still captured by Yan Zhaoge, just like the baldachin Tranquil Immortal Artifact. In fact, the two didn’t even have time to struggle free.

Such bizarre occurrences made them uneasy.

No matter how courageous they were, they would not just send themselves to death’s door.

Their only option was to retreat. Since other experts also came along, they could regroup with the others to deal with Yan Zhaoge.

However, coming and going as they pleased was deemed as a luxury. Yan Zhaoge calmly stared at their silhouettes and yelled softly.

A soundless thunder exploded, causing the two heretic True Immortals to freeze on the spot.

Before they could even utilize any of their martial arts, their life already ceased to exist any longer.

The Heart’s Will Thunder first exploded within their heart, shattering their spirits apart. Then, looming darkness disrupted their state of mind, filling their heads with negative thoughts. With their constant infestation, the True Immortals’ bodies went out of control.

Immediately afterward, using the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture materialized the illusory thunder, their mental explosions turning into reality, causing material damage towards them.

Under the Immortal Slaughtering Sword’s utilization, the two heretic True Immortals’ vitality instantly dried up, turning into desiccated souls.

Despite being of the Immortal Court, the two were Leakless True Immortals that had already pushed open the Immortal Door. Yet, right now, they turned into lifeless effigies and quietly remained on the spot.

Their dull eyes had already lost any hints of life.

The Immortal Court Sovereign’s figure went numb, and his flying speed decreased. He then started stumbling as if he was in a drunken state.

Yan Zhaoge strode forward by the void. Even when his speed did not seem all that quick, he still surpassed his opponent and blocked his path of retreat.

“Malign heretic, your insolence shall meet its end soon!” The Immortal Court Sovereign’s face was pale white, yet his gaze was filled with stubborn ferociousness, “You’re tainted with our orthodox blood. Do you think the Nine Heavens will forgive your act of heresy?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “You’re better off worrying if you can protect your homeland. Last I remember, you’re all still at a disadvantage, and your lands are being ravaged by the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, right?”

“Evil shall not win over our path of righteousness. Ultimately, evil threats like the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus shall perish.” The Immortal Court Sovereign snorted, “Just like you stubborn heretics. If you don’t repent for your sins early, such shall also be your fate.”

“Without the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s benevolence, do you think you could survive till this day?”

Yan Zhaoge could not refrain from laughing. Without wasting any more words, he grabbed towards the Immortal Court Sovereign.

The Immortal Court Sovereign was unwilling to accept defeat just like that. He clasped his hands together, arousing vigorously indestructible winds which slashed through the cosmos, and went up against Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

Yan Zhaoge did not even bother looking at it, and his palm continued forward.

The gusts of winds came in contact with his palm and turned into nothingness, ceasing from possessing any form of threat.

The gusts of winds disappeared into nothingness. Then, Yan Zhaoge’s palm continued extending forward, instantly grabbing his opponent by the neck. Like how a butcher lifts a small chick, he lifted the Profound Immortal Immortal Court Sovereign.

The Immortal Court Sovereign was a tough one. Without begging for mercy, he merely stared intently at Yan Zhaoge with his face filled with mess.

Being held by the neck, he couldn’t speak his sentences in one go, “Curb… your… delightment, our orthodox Heavenly Lords, Heavenly Monarchs… will soon hear about you… If you kill me… I’ll await you… in death!”

“Really?” Yan Zhaoge smiled indifferently, “How about taking a closer look?”

Turning his head aside, he saw the three True Immortal corpses.

Only then did he notice the treasured light imbued with faith power remaining by their corpses. However, they seemed sealed, unable to depart from their corpses.

Green radiances faintly appeared within their corpses, covering their skin surface in a layer of green.

The Immortal Court Sovereign first had a look of revelation, which then turned into despair.

“Immortal… Exterminating… Sword!”

Just like the heretic Buddhists from the Blessed Lands of the white Lotus, when an Immortal Court martial art cultivator perishes, the treasured lights in their body would take flight.

With this, the higher-ups of the Immortal Court would grasp more information.

These treasured lights were ethereal. Obstructing them would not be an easy feat.

However, as the head of the Prime Clear lineage’s Numinous Treasure Four Swords, the Immortal Exterminating Sword was capable of breaking through the myriad of laws, effectively slashing away the treasured lights imbued with either faith power of Buddha light to take flight.

The Immortal Court Sovereign had heard of such tales being told. Only Yan Zhaoge had cultivated the Three Clears and had a decent mastery in the Immortal Extermination Sword Manual. With his purposeful concealment, one wouldn’t even think him capable of such a feat.

After realizing it, the Immortal Court Sovereign’s last strand of hope was snapped apart.

He tightened his expression as if he was about to say something.

However, with a *crack*, Yan Zhaoge’s fingers had already snapped his neck apart!

An overwhelming strength surged through him, thoroughly obliterating his life force into nothingness.

Daoist Cloud Conquest stared from aside and let out a sigh.

Despite being of the Jade Clear lineage, Yan Zhaoge’s proficiency in the Prime Clear supreme martial arts like the Immortal Extermination Sword Manual and the Immortal Slaughtering Sword had far surpassed many other orthodox Prime Clear successors.

Through his previous examination of the Immortal Extermination Formation, Yan Zhaoge’s comprehension towards the Prime Clear supreme martial arts had received an ample increment.

Daoist Cloud Conquest’s comprehension of the Immortal Extermination Formation was no less than Gao Qingxuan. In fact, he might even have surpassed her.

However, Yan Zhaoge gave off the feeling that his mastery of the Immortal Extermination Formation was much more profound.

He thought of Long Xueji, Yu Ye, and his disciple He Mian. Suddenly, the feeling of youth surpassing their predecessors overwhelmed him.

Even with all of them combined, the youth standing right in front of him still shined much more brightly.

Not only Bai Tao, even Daoist Cloud Conquest felt the surge of emotions.

The first time he encountered Yan Zhaoge was when Yan Zhaoge first arrived at the Roving Jade Heavens. At that time, he was merely watching Yan Zhaoge’s interaction with Wang Shun from afar.

Although he was astonished by Yan Zhaoge’s talent, the praise he gave was one an elder would have towards the younger generation.

When fighting for the Pill Hall, and they went to battle for the first time, Yan Zhaoge easily defeated He Mian and even won against him, albeit barely.

At that time, he did not hold the stance of an elder anymore.

After all, he had ascended to the Immortal Realm for many years and was considered an experienced True Immortal expert. He could challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation anytime he wanted to. At that time, Yan Zhaoge was still a Martial Saint.

However, even so, Daoist Cloud Conquest did not feel many ripples of emotions.

After all, since he used the Sheath Edge and Nurture Sword technique, he had the confidence to challenge the Pure Profound Tribulation and ascend to the Profound Immortal Realm.

The potential outburst of strength granted him such confidence.

However, right now, Yan Zhaoge had already ascended to the Tranquil Profound Immortal Realm!