Chapter 1481 - Supreme Martial Arts That Can Only Be Practiced By One Person

“If my guess is correct, then Zhang Buxu had also received the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture and the Immortal Extermination Formation. Only, he was slower than senior apprentice-sister Yu for some reason,” said Yan Zhaoge in a slow-paced manner.

While they both had acquired the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, Yu Ye successfully cultivated it first, forcing Zhang Buxu to relinquish his spot.

Before she transcends or perishes, those comprehending the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture were barred from cultivating it.

The Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu was included within.

“Zhang Buxu…” Long Xingquan’s expression turned solemn.

Daoist Cloud Conquest noticed his complexion and remained silent.

There was no need to explain why the Lofty Sovereign was also present in this area.

The opportunity, once within his grasp, had escaped from his hands and fell into the possession of others. It would be weird if he were willing to accept such a fate.

This was one of the most robust supreme martial arts in Daoism or even the great thousand worlds. When accounting for attacking power and damage, the words “one of” could be erased.

With the hurdle previously faced by the Lord of Plentiful Treasure, the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture would not immediately lead you to the Dao Realm anymore.

However, as time progressed, newer innovations were discovered by the proceeding rising generations. If a chance presents itself, one might be able to build a new pathway ahead.

Even if they couldn’t, the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture could still lead one toward the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm.

To any Prime Clear cultivator or even any cultivators of the orthodox Daoism, the alluringness this supreme martial art possessed was unfathomable.

God knows when Yu Ye would finally transcend.

Other than transcending, there was only one other way.

“Junior apprentice-niece Yu managed to cultivate the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, bestowing her with extraordinary strength. In fact, she could even threaten a Profound Immortal, eradicating her foe’s tranquilness.” Yan Di said with a mellow voice, “Moreover, she has the Immortal Slaughtering Sword accompanying her. What confidence does Zhang Buxu have for him to chase after her?”

After the Immortal Extermination Formation was destroyed, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword fell into Gao Qingxuan’s possession. There was no way Zhang Buxu would be aware of this matter.

Under such circumstances, other than coveting after serendipity, he would only follow after Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye with ample confidence if he had someone else backing him.

“It’s difficult to squeeze out any more valuable information from these two now.” Yan Zhaoge said, “But, I’m more inclined to think that Zhang Buxu had something else backing him, giving him considerable aplomb in this situation.”

Daoist Cloud Conquest softly asked, “Can we confirm if Zhang Buxu had joined the heretics?”

“We can’t be sure yet as of now.” Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “But, right now, senior apprentice-sister Yu is separated from us, and Zhang Buxu is most definitely looking for her.”

“Moreover, other than this one caught by me, there’s another Heavenly Monarch heretic, as well as other heretic martial art practitioners outside. They’re still threats toward senior apprentice-sister Yu, senior apprentice-brother Nie, and senior apprentice-uncle Yue.”

After a short pause, Yan Zhaoge added, “Let’s separate here to locate our brethren. Remember to stay alert.”

This time, Kun Ningzi and Bai Tao were the ones being cornered by the Immortal Court. If Yan Zhaoge’s group had not arrived in time and the enemy’s reinforcements arrived first, the two would have been ensnared in an unfavorable situation.

“Indeed, our priorities should be searching for them,” said Yan Di.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Off we go. I’ve already transmitted a message to Senior Gao. She would be arriving very soon.”

After finishing their conversation, they immediately re-embarked on their strenuous search journey, disappearing by the vast boundless void.

…

The battle between the top-notch bigwig experts continued within the void. The devil hunt had yet to come to an end.

While Grand Heavenly Realm experts would cancel out their foes’ marvelousness, the magnitude of their battle far exceeded mortal comprehension.

Amidst the dark cosmos, a golden light suddenly flickered across, distorting within space.

Soon after, an ember surged, blazing through the void, cleansing the trails of golden lights.

The two came out of nowhere and disappeared instantly.

However, the universe where it took place had already turned desolated, with all lifeforms ceasing to exist any longer.

Of course, sometimes, exceptions happen.

The surface of a massive rock with the size of a meteorite was continuously shedding away. Finally, it crumbled completely, with two silhouettes emerging from within.

A youth in black and another youth in green. They were Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye!

Judging by the two’s pale white expressions, it was apparent how grave an injury they received.

“Could that gold light be the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles?” asked Yu Ye softly.

“It’s possible. Previously, when we operated the Immortal Extermination Formation, the Small Saint Golden-Winged Great Roc might’ve been the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, according to Yan Zhaoge,” answered Nie Jingshen.

He turned his head and looked toward the distance, “But, it seems like someone is holding him back. It looks like the Exalted Fire too.”

“If not for him, we would’ve already been discovered by him.” Yu Ye continued coughing non-stop.

“No matter what, let us depart with haste and meet up together with junior apprentice-brother Yan, Senior Gao, and the others,” said Nie Jingshen.

Yu Ye nodded weakly.

After the destruction of the Immortal Extermination Formation, the two were gravely wounded by the magnitude of its effects.

Nie Jingshen was in a better state than Yu Ye. Hence, he allowed Yu Ye to heal herself while bringing her along with him to search for the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

When the Immortal Extermination Formation shattered, the commotion caused by the blackhole was much larger than the one created by the Blood Star Devil Monarch.

As the one who laid down the formation, she more or less had some convenient advantages. While she had sunk into the blackhole, she was still able to maintain her bearings with ease.

However, to assist Nie Jingshen, she was dragged into the spiraling blackhole along with him, causing her head to go wobbly.

After finally stabilizing their coordinates, they egressed from the spatial turbulence and quickly searched for their return path.

Yet, after they finally acquired some clues after a long period of searching, they met the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was interrupted, giving them the chance to escape.

However, the disruption of space caused by this Demon Race Great Sage’s soaring was far too intense.

The two concealed themselves and dared not move recklessly. Yet, with only a fan of his wings, the two were forced into a spatial distortion and were blown away to somewhere foreign.

Fortunately, that Great Demon did not notice them, which gave them the freedom of returning home.

Nie Jingshen led Yu Ye and soared through the vast void.

As she meditated, she said, “Just now, I felt as if senior apprentice-uncle Zhang was following after us.”

“He has the sword sheath that always accompanied the Lord of Plentiful Treasures. We have to be on guard against him.” Nie Jingshen said, “He also acquired the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, yet you managed to cultivate it earlier than him. From the looks of it, he doesn’t seem willing to accept this outcome.”

“I understand.” Yu Ye nodded, “I wonder how are the others now.”

Nie Jingshen said, “They should be fine.”

“Yeah.” Yu Ye murmured to herself, her face filled with dejection.

Seeing this, Nie Jingshen knew what she was thinking of. He said, “Relax, the Vine Sovereign would be safe. Don’t worry too much about her.”

“… I also believe that grandmother is safe,” said Yu Ye softly.

During the previous battle against the Victorious Fighting Buddha, everyone was in a tensed state. As a result, they were not able to talk about other matters.

Including the ones regarding the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying.

The battle resulted in the Immortal Extermination Formation shattering, causing everyone to be split up once again. As a result, she did not have the chance to mention it.

Yu Ye was naturally filled with worries.

Nie Jingshen remained silent.

Every time he thought of the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying, he remembered the illusory wall erected between him and her.