Chapter 1483 - Sword Transforming Into Chaos, Path To Peerlessness Open

Gao Qingxuan and her clone’s minds were connected, allowing them to achieve the perfect unison state.

If she was to perform together with her husband – Long Xingquan, no matter how implicit their thinking was, they would only be considered working together, cooperating.

If they intended to resonate a Prime Clear sword art and a Jade Clear sword art together, forming another brand-new sword-art in the process, even the two were incapable of doing so.

However, Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen did it!

Previously, when mentioning the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying, Nie Jingshen felt like an invisible barrier was erected between the two.

However, at this moment, the barrier seemed to have vanished temporarily.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye cooperated flawlessly and were on par with Gao Qingxuan and her clone’s performance, where one soul resided within two vessels!

Previously, Zhang Buxu had also exchanged blows with them in the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s burial spot. Yet, even now, he was still caught off-guard.

“The two’s actions are getting more and more in sync as if their minds had connected. How did they reach such standards? Will they only be like this when fighting, or would this also happen even if they’re not doing anything?” Zhang Buxu immediately changed his technique, “Even senior apprentice-sister Gao and Long Xingquan can’t reach such heights!”

“Hold on! Yu Ye has the Heaven Containing Purified Soul, while Yue Zhenbei’s disciple was rumored to possess the Earlier Heavens Nascent Form. Such marvellousness could happen when these two meet each other?”

Ultimately, Zhang Buxu experienced countless battles. While he was surprised, he did not mess up his tempo.

Even if Gao Qingxuan worked together with her clone, if they were of the True Immortal Realm, the Dual Sword Amalgamation might not best a Profound Immortal Peak Realm like him with Four Qis Fused Aura.

Moreover, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye were wounded.

Zhang Buxu dared not underestimate them any longer. He waved his fingers, causing sword lights to descend.

Crimson, black, white, and green radiances intertwined together, forming groups of two or three, and started dancing in the air.

Different musical notes accompanied the sword-lights as if a grand requiem was in play.

The vast sword-lights were like colossal sea tides which came crashing down on the two.

Even when facing such horrifying attacks, Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye remained fearless.

As Nie Jingshen’s sword-light transformed, other than the manifestation of the winds of Early Heavens, earth elements imbued with incessant denseness appeared as well. It also existed between the Early Heavens and the Later Heavens.

This earth of heaven opening seemed capable of carrying the myriad of objects and even crushing the world!

Extreme lightweightness and extreme heaviness intertwined together, with infinite transformations accompanying it. The two different extremities seemed as if they were one, with boundless profundities within, establishing a new style of the Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword.

At the same time, Yu Ye’s Immortal Extermination Sword Manual underwent transformations as well.

Her green sword-radiances underwent the cycle of gaping and merging, occasionally coalescing or separating from each other. They sometimes fused as one and occasionally turned into green spots of radiances.

Every spot of green radiances was unremarkable, like specks of dust, like dainty maizes.

However, every spot of green radiance was like full stops, which announced the end to every matter in this world.

While coalescing and going agape, Yu Ye’s Immortal Extermination Sword became mightier and mightier, its profoundness becoming more and more subtle.

The two prodigies of the sword-arts were inexperienced, yet their synergy seemed impeccable.

Having fought with them before, Zhang Buxu deeply knew how strong and how talented they were. With the two’s Dual Sword Amalgamation, their impeccable teamwork gave Zhang Buxu a hard time.

Zhang Buxu was feeling fortunate that the two youths were covered in wounds, which allowed him to gain the advantage.

However, with Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye working together, they could still battle while retreating with sufficient leeway.

Zhang Buxu frowned.

He knew that Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye’s brethren – Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, and the others were searching for the two. The longer time was stalled, the lesser chance he had.

As the thought flashed across his mind, while his right hand unleashed a technique, he waved his left sleeve, revealing a sword sheath!

The sword sheath seemed worn-out, bleak and covered in dust. In fact, there were numerous tiny cracks on its surface.

However, this unremarkable sword sheath seemed to contain the profundities of yore.

It was the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s sword sheath.

Zhang Buxu utilized this treasure and other clues to locate the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s remains. He even used it to pass through the Immortal Extermination Formation laid down around the remains.

Unfortunately, all his efforts were to no avail. The Immortal Slaughtering Sword had fallen into Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen’s possession.

Although he had already acquired the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, Yu Ye still managed to cultivate it earlier than him, making him end up empty-handed.

However, using the marvelousness existing within this sword sheath, he managed to track Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen here somewhat.

This sword sheath could vaguely counter the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, which gave Zhang Buxu to hunt down the two who possessed the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

He previously held back just-in-case Yu Ye took out the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

However, after exchanging blows for so long, Zhang Buxu could already confirm that the Immortal Slaughtering Sword was not in Yu Ye’s possession.

Without any more fears, he took out the sword sheath.

The sword sheath’s marvelousness had more or less affected Yu Ye, who acquired the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s heritage.

While Yu Ye might not be weakened, as long as it could interrupt the synergy between Yu Ye and Nie Jingshen, it equaled weakening the two, which was sufficient in disrupting that delicate Dual Sword Amalgamation.

As expected, as Yu Ye’s figure stopped moving for an instant, their originally impeccable synergy was disrupted.

Their Dual Sword Amalgamation showed signs of crumbling!

Zhang Buxu’s perception was extremely sharp. Upon noticing the minute changes, he immediately counter-attacked using the opportune moment.

Nie Jingshen’s body moved, and he quickly shielded Yu Ye behind him.

The might of his sword transformed once again.

Without the need to pursue Yu Ye’s Immortal Exterminating Sword’s correspondence, Nie Jingshen immediately retracted his Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword.

The ethereal sword-lights seemed to have transformed into another brand-new phenomenon.

Sword qis wreathed about like clumps of clouds. Radiances turned bleak, its brilliance ceasing to shine any longer.

A field of hazy, indistinct chaos emerged in the void!

Under the harness of Nie Jingshen’s sword intent, the chaos seemed to have expanded endlessly yet appeared to have collapsed together at one point.

This point was intricately profound, which was practically indescribable. It had no precedence or progress, with no start and no end.

When his sword was unleashed, the phenomena of peerless infinity was projected!

Nie Jingshen was proficient in the Jade Illusory Heaven Opening Sword. Paired together with the Earlier Heaven Nascent Form’s everlasting marvelousness that won’t ever go obsolete, he vaguely came in contact with the enigma of peerlessness when cultivating!

In this word, the ones who attempt to comprehend peerlessness laws would be cultivating the first scripture of the Jade Clear Primordial Heaven Scripture – the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

The Primordial Heavenly Lord succeeded in transcending.

This implied that the path he walked was already toward the extreme.

As such, other than the Three Clear Lineages’ Grand Clear Taiyi Fist and the Prime Clear Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, other martial arts that cultivated the profundities of peerlessness would have their paths blocked.

If the latter intended to walk through the same path, it would only result in the path getting more and more narrow until no more footing remains.

If they intended to advance any further, they would have to return to the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

This happened to the Dim Radiant Emperor – Yi Tianxia, in the past. If he intended to improve, he would have to turn toward the Jade Clear Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Now, Nie Jingshen was also about to walk down this path.

The difference between Yi Tianxia and him was that he possessed the Earlier Heaven Nascent Form. His hopes for improvement were much brighter!

One sword transformed into chaos, establishing the path of dao toward peerlessness.

A brand-new sword art filled with erratic profundities!