Chapter 1486 - Sword Battle In The Land Of Tranquil Streams

Not long after the teenage daoist left, the distant void was broken apart.

As the qin’s melody resounded, the Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu’s figure emerged.

Hesitation overtook his gaze for a moment as he scanned through his surroundings. Through his thorough observation, he seemed to have sensed something and looked toward the direction that the teenage daoist left in.

“Prime Clear successor, but without the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture’s insight…”

Then, Zhang Buxu frowned and snorted softly.

Faint smoke gradually arose from the void. As the mists dissipated, a rune appeared.

Zhang Buxu narrowed his eyes. He extended his finger and lightly tapped on the rune.

The rune had already lost its effects of confidentiality. It then expanded, transforming into a light screen, with countless runes shining on its surface, playing their role in delivering messages.

The clues Nie Jingshen left behind for Yan Zhaoge, and the others were all read by him.

After Zhang Buxu browsed through them, he was slightly surprised. Expressions of joyfulness and alertness both appeared on his face. He remained doubtful about the legitimacy of this clue and was worried that someone might be purposely misleading him.

However, in the end, Zhang Buxu still tapped on the light screen, turning it back into the rune form.

Then, using his sword-light, he spared through the void according to the clues left behind by the rune and continued pursuing his target!

…

Nie Jingshen carefully threaded around the borders of the land of the tranquil stream while carrying Yu Ye with him, carefully avoiding the areas infested by the Nine Underworlds’ devilish qi.

Yu Ye’s injuries were grave. The Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture aside, she couldn’t even unleash other martial arts, nor was she in a state of fighting against others. Nie Jingshen could only continue his advancement and avoid all sorts of troubles.

If he managed to stall for some time, and Zhang Buxu and those of the Immortal Court couldn’t locate him, they could very possibly await the aid of Yan Zhaoge and the others.

However, at that moment, the accursed melody of the qin resounded once again!

The qin’s melody had a beautiful flow to it. However, right now, it sounded like the melody originating from hell, capable of severing one’s very own soul.

Even Yu Ye, who was previously resting with her eyes shut, widened her eyes in shock.

Nie Jingshen’s expression became stern. He stared closely at the distant void, where one’s silhouette was gradually emerging.

The Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu!

He looked at Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye, with complex feelings flashing across his gaze for an instant, which he proceeded to hide very quickly, “Such is fate!”

Nie Jingshen stared at Zhang Buxu’s palm. Atop his palm, a rune remained afloat. It was initially a clue left behind for Yan Zhaoge and the others to aid him.

Yet, even beyond his wildest expectations, he never expected Zhang Buxu to possess it.

Typically speaking, Zhang Buxu shouldn’t be capable of locating this rune.

Even if he did, he couldn’t possibly decipher its intrinsic profundities within such a short amount of time.

After all, the ones who designed this rune were Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, and others.

Moreover, the secret technique used to locate and decipher these runes was only decided before the Water Devil and the Earth Devil commotion.

Within the Awakened Sky Cosmos, only a minority of the Sky beyond Skies and the Roving Jade Heavens knew about it.

This didn’t include Zhang Buxu, who was standing right in front of him!

Due to the lack of communication, even the Vine Sovereign – Li Ying, was unaware of it.

How could someone who deserted the Roving Jade Heavens since years ago manage to do so?

Unfortunately, Nie Jingshen had no time to think about it any further.

He brought Yu Ye along with him and sped up toward the opposite direction.

Zhang Buxu didn’t waste his energy on blabbering either. He immediately played his qin, causing rays of sword-lights to slash toward the two.

Nie Jingshen was barely able to withstand his attacks. On the one hand, he had to take care of Yu Ye. On the other hand, his wounds were in a dire state. Ultimately, when facing a Four Qis Fused Aura Profound Immortal like Zhang Buxu, he was still incapable of standing against him.

Especially when Zhang Buxu also cultivated the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual and was proficient in piercing through the void, granting him celerity.

If he didn’t manage to locate them, the two could still evade him.

Now that they were exposed in his sight, they shouldn’t have hopes of escaping any longer. Only if they were faster than Zhang Buxu, or if some interference came hindering Zhang Buxu’s advancement, would they have such chances.

Now, Nie Jingshen was practically cornered. The all-encompassing dark-red sword-lights came descending upon them, forming a ubiquitous net that surrounded the two. Nie Jingshen could only bring Yu Ye and escape to the land of tranquil streams nearby.

Zhang Buxu frowned upon seeing this.

Upon entering the Nine Underworlds, while the two would have a much agonizing time inside, he would face hindrances trying to pursue them.

As such, Zhang Buxu hastily went after them, entering the land of tranquil streams as well.

The land of tranquil streams was enormous.

Even Zhang Buxu, an expert in the Profound Immortal Peak Realm, was overwhelmed with the boundless feeling given off by this land.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye traversed through, continuously changing their coordinations in an agile manner as if they were fishes swimming through the sea.

However, the Lofty Sovereign – Zhang Buxu followed after the two closely, not giving them any chances of escaping at all.

As the two sides fought, they were also playing a game of cat and mouse. They continually fought and ran, their contention lasting for a long while.

In the end, the two still couldn’t shake off Zhang Buxu.

The blaring deceptive whispers capable of distorting one’s mind resounded. It became louder and louder, ultimately becoming deafening sound waves.

The drab brilliance gradually dissipated, causing dark mists to permeate. Deep within, faint blood-red luster leaking with vileness and ferociousness flickered.

As the chase continued, the three had already reached the other edge of the land of tranquil streams.

Near the Nine Underworlds.

With a solemn expression, Nie Jingshen went up against Zhang Buxu’s overwhelming attacks.

As the situation turned dire, Nie Jingshen’s expression changed.

Zhang Buxu’s expression turned dark and gloomy, his heart sinking to the abyss.

Behind him, a strong aura was speedily approaching.

Radiances appeared in the pitch-black land of tranquil streams as if the very first light shone itself within the barren primordial lands when the heavens opened, and the earth was split apart.

A majestic and domineering sword-light shot from afar, instantly slashing toward the back of Zhang Buxu.

Sword lights surrounded Zhang Buxu’s body, allowing him to block these majestic swords.

The one who attacked was a middle-aged man with a high crown and ancient clothes. While he seemed to wield the sword that opened the heavens, he didn’t display its sharpness. Instead, he stood upright, as if he was a towering mountain whose height surpassed even the heavens, making one look up uncontrollably.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye let out a sigh of relief, “Master!” “Sword Sovereign!”

The one who arrived was Yue Zhenbei!

“Jingshen, how could you be so careless and not disguise your mark? Aren’t you just exposing your tracks to Zhang Buxu?” said Yue Zhenbei with dissatisfaction as he continued attacking Zhang Buxu, helping the two youths in trouble.

He was originally venturing around alone and coincidentally encountered the rune left behind by Nie Jingshen. After getting to know the situation, he immediately traced their tracks using the clues.

“I did disguise them.” Nie Jingshen’s expression became grim, “There must be some other reason behind this!”

Yue Zhenbei frowned. However, he knew that now wasn’t the appropriate time to look into this matter.

“Leave first.” Yue Zhenbei shook his head. As his sword-lights blotted the skies, he came attacking Zhang Buxu.

Sword resonances resounded mid-air, cutting through the qin’s melody.