Chapter 1494 - Yan Zhaoge’S Decision

“It’s only because of our Immortal Court’s battle against the devils from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus that you heretics can take breathers. If that wasn’t the case, would you have the opportunity for such arrogance? You’re merely a group of insignificant rats.”

The Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch coughed, with blood spewing out of his mouth. However, he still displayed a smile on his face, “Rats, destined to only emerge in the void’s boundless outskirts, where no lights shine upon. Today, it’s my misfortune to be caught by your hands. But, the marvelousness of the Immortal Court isn’t someplace you rats can defile.”

“Someone broke in before, right?” said Yan Di coldly.

Qinglei Heavenly Monarch remained silent for a while, “If Suo Mingzhang hadn’t ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm, does he dare try it?”

He coldly swept his gaze toward the ground, “Our brethren are all united, unlike your lot. Let me tell you one other fact. That little guy named He Mian came to us autonomously and surrendered to our marvelousness!”

“He’s much smarter than you all and knew of how to compensate for his wrongdoings. How different from you lot, who only sought after death!”

“

Haha!

”

After hearing the Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch’s words, everyone’s expression darkened.

Especially Daoist Cloud Conquest. His expression was the gloomiest among all present.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch and calmly nodded, “I see.”

His calmness sent a chill down the Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch’s spine.

Initially, he was filled to the brim with confidence. Yet, right now, his confidence faltered, and even his laughter started quivering. Slowly, he couldn’t laugh anymore, leaving only the lingering voice of his laughter in the air.

The Viridescent Thunder Heavenly Monarch wanted to say something else. However, Yan Zhaoge added more force in his hands, instantly suppressing any voice that tried coming out from his mouth.

Everyone present remained silent.

“Forgive me. I dreamt of bringing the Prime Clear lineage back to its gloriousness through the Immortal Extermination Formation. Unfortunately, my wishful thinking was to no avail.” After a long pause, Daoist Cloud Conquest opened his mouth again, “Fortunately, Little Friend Yu managed to uncover the Lord of Plentiful Treasure’s remains, and discovered the Immortal Extermination Formation. Thanks to that, one of my life’s goals had already been fulfilled.”

He raised his head and let out a sigh, “I’ve been mundane throughout my entire life. In the past, the Roving Jade Heavens got to be established thanks to everyone else’s efforts. I dare not hog any contributions to that matter. Through the past few years, I only contributed to the Roving Jade Heavens by teaching others and allowing the Prime Clear lineage’s succession. I was even a little prideful for that. Yet, looking back now…”

Gao Qingxuan said, “You don’t have to act like this. While you and I have some disparity in ideals, I’m well aware of your personality truly is.”

“But, He Mian is my disciple, and he betrayed our orthodox Daoism. With such a serious matter at hand, I can only kill him off to deal with the blame I now bear,” said Daoist Cloud Conquest as he shook his head.

Kun Ningzi said, “I understand if you want to kill him off. However, this isn’t the right moment for that.”

“Maybe, this isn’t the right moment. However, with the reality placed in front of us, we can’t just neglect it.” He lifted his head and faced the crowd, “If He Mian had truly entered the Immortal Court’s territory, we might not be able to hunt him down anymore.”

Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, Yue Zhenbei, and Daoist Cloud Conquest’s expressions turned gloomy.

Yan Di frowned as well.

Kun Ningzi sighed, “Indeed, the two heretic factions are fighting against each other and have no leisure of paying much attention to us. However, fighting in the void’s outskirts and fighting in the enemy’s territory are two completely different matters.”

“While the Exalted Fire did cause havoc in the Immortal Court, the Immortal Court had also become much more cautious and increased their defenses. They won’t give us the opportunity to breach through them so easily anymore.”

“The heretics might even specifically lay some traps around He Mian and lay in wait for us.”

Kun Ningzi cupped his hands toward Daoist Cloud Conquest, “Please reconsider your actions.”

“Naturally, we’ll have to take revenge for junior apprentice-brother Nie and Daoist Yu.” Bai Tao said, “However, the heretics are undoubtedly stronger. It’s very risky to take action in their very own territory. Ultimately, if we proceeded toward that path, we’ll be facing immense difficulties head-on.”

“It’s better for us to contact Senior Suo, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and the others, and request them to pressurize the Immortal Court further until the Immortal Court is willing to hand He Mian over.”

“If we want to take action, it would be much more convenient with them around.”

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus was already triumphing over the Immortal Court.

If Grand Heavenly experts of orthodox Daoism were to assist the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the Demon Race in invading the Immortal Court, the Immortal Court would undoubtedly receive vehement pressure.

Baio Tao’s suggestion temporarily suppressed everyone’s rage. Then, they decided to contact the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the Incongruence Divine Mother, and the others.

However, what responded to them were mere disappointments.

“The Demon Race?” Yan Di frowned.

Gao Qingxuan shut her eyes and remained silent. Daoist Cloud Conquest then said, “That’s right. The Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles shredded off his pride and contacted other Great Demons to seek vengeance for his son. The Incongruence Divine Mother, the Exalted Fire, and the others are currently in a battle against said Great Demons and can’t afford to leave.”

“That is to say, if we want to find He Mian in the Immortal Court, we won’t have any Grand Heavenly Realm experts presiding over us.” Kun Ningzi muttered.

He lifted his head and looked toward Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, and Yue Zhenbei, “It’s not my intention to decrease our morale. However, our Awakened Sky Cosmos alone won’t be sufficient if we intend to invade the Immortal Court. In fact, we would even run into our enemy’s traps very easily.”

“Being on the heretics’ territories, they could dispatch their troops much efficiently. While the heretic Grand Heavenly Immortals are weaker than our orthodox Daoism’s ones, they’re still Grand Heavenly experts.

“Our brethren had just gone through the disastrous adversities thanks to the three Extinct Devils and received great damage. Even laying down the Immortal Extermination Formation would pose great difficulties to us. Moreover, our opponent might even receive the assistance of the Western Pure Lands. Let’s not forget about the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord as well.”

Kun Ningzi said sincerely, “I’m not a coward. However, our Awakened Sky Cosmos’ secrets can’t be leaked. One day, he would ultimately bring He Mian back to us. Please do reconsider your actions.”

“All of us cultivated the sword,” said Long Xingquan plainly.

Kun Ningzi sighed.

“Senior apprentice-uncle Long, Senior Gao, senior apprentice-uncle Yue, Daoist Cloud Conquest.” Yan Zhaoge suddenly said, “Due to the destruction of the Immortal Extermination Formation, all of us were inflicted with wounds. As he said, we aren’t in the condition of going on another expedition.”

Everyone looked at him.

“I’ll go.” Yan Zhaoge calmly extended his hand and pointed toward himself, “He Mian will die for sure.”

“Right now, junior apprentice-sister Feng still isn’t in the suitable condition for fighting yet,” said Bai Tao.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “I never planned on bringing her along.”

“You’ll go alone?” Bai Tao was startled, “The situation isn’t the same as last time anymore. The last time you infiltrated the Immortal Court, the two heretic factions had yet to confront each other in warfare. With such a lax environment, the Immortal Court wasn’t on their guard at all. Moreover, you only managed to infiltrate successfully due to your weak cultivation at that time.”

“Right now, your cultivation would immediately be sensed by them the instant you step into their grounds.”

Kun Ningzi smiled bitterly, “The heretics would hide He Mian. If you can’t find him quick enough, you might instantly fall into their besiegement.”

Yan Zhaoge plainly said, “I shall enter indiscreetly and search every nook and cranny.”

At the same time, within the Broad Creed Mountain located in the Sky beyond Skies, situated within the Awakened Sky Cosmos.

A colossal bear with black and white furs followed a tall figure, and they arrived at a small courtyard, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu, I’m aware that everything happened too quickly, and you might not have stabilized yourself yet. However, it is now our turn to act.”