Chapter 606: Gloriously Coming For Revenge? Get Wrecked!

HSSB606: Gloriously coming for revenge? Get wrecked!

The person exiting from the depths of the Myriad Dragon Palace was naturally Yan Di.

As he exhaled and inhaled, the all-encompassing purple qi enveloping Broad Creed Mountain vanished.

Gazing at Yan Di, Yan Zhaoge could only feel that amidst the pulsing of the acupoints of his entire body, a majestic force and a sharp, tyrannical sabre-intent could be felt in abundance. With every step he took, the entire Eight Extremities World seemed to shake slightly.

“It’s all thanks to the gains from the battle with the Flame Devils and the abundant qi of true dragons from this palace,” Yan Di said.

Purple light vaguely flickered within his eyes, the silhouettes of multiple dragons surfacing within.

There seemed to be countless light dragons soaring and coiling together about the acupoints of his entire body.

Yan Di came beside Yan Zhaoge, “While I succeeded both in Transcending Mortality and entering Sainthood and breaking through into the second level of the Martial Saint realm, I accomplished this a little too quickly. After this, I will have to stabilise my foundations for a bit.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I thought that your cultivation is like your sabre strikes, sharp and aggressive, unhindered in its path. The more you progress, the fiercer your momentum as your path instead becomes smoother. If you stop to stabilise your foundations, it might instead be detrimental.”

Yan Di shook his head, “It still isn’t to that point yet. Thus, I need to stop and grind my blade. Still, as your say, after having achieved certain heights, there will be no further halting in my cultivation.”

Yan Zhaoge retracted his smile, “I know that having left seclusion this time, you were prepared to forge your own Sacred Artifact. Still, you indeed need to temporarily delay it for a time now.”

Yan Di’s gaze focused, “Oh, something’s up?”

“That’s right. News from the Fire Domain report that abnormalities have occurred in the space where the World Illuminating Peak used to be. Some time has already passed since then,” Yan Zhaoge said, “If you hadn’t left seclusion when you had, I would soon have had to hurry over alone. Fortunately, you made it out in time.”

Yan Di pondered, “When those of the Sacred Sun Clan guided the people of the Radiant Light Sect into descending previously, the location was the World Illuminating Peak.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right. While the Sacred Sun Clan has been exterminated and the World Illuminating Peak destroyed as well, there are still methods for them to locate our Eight Extremities World once more.”

“Due to the Sacred Sun Clan previously, the coordinates of their descent into the Eight Extremities World would most likely still be in the region of the World Illuminating Peak.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Let’s go wait for them there then.”

The father and son immediately left Broad Creed Mountain, heading south towards the Fire Domain.

When Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di arrived, the Broad Creed Mountain martial practitioners who had remained there to stand watch over the area immediately retreated.

The World Illuminating Peak which had once been permanently illuminated by radiance, where night had been no different from day, had already long since been levelled by Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone into flat land, no longer being in existence.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both descended onto the ground, getting seated in the meditative position.

Looking at the sky up above, the space there was visibly shaking non-stop, the boundaries of space growing indistinct.

Let alone martial practitioners, even ordinary people would be able to tell that it was abnormal.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di sat there calmly in the meditative position, their hearts still as water as no ripples stirred within at all.

As father and son sat there, streams of clear qi surged and coiled in their surroundings, dispersing and congregating, congregating and dispersing, being ordered and methodical in their circulation.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di thus cultivated at the former site of the World Illuminating Peak just like that.

Time passed, yet some days having gone by. The shaking of the sky above was becoming more and more evident.

Five days later around noon, when the sunlight in the sky was the most blazingly intense, Yan Di who had had his eyes closed in meditation now opened his eyes.

Similarly detecting something, Yan Zhaoge opened his eyes and gazed at the sky up above. He saw the sunlight suddenly becoming unprecedentedly dazzling.

At this moment, the horizon seemed to open as light spilled out from within, combining with the sunlight as it was piercing to the point that one would virtually be unable to keep their eyes open.

A vast, majestic force emanated from within that opened gap.

In virtually just an instant, the space of the Eight Extremities World began to shake. Gales howled and clouds surged as accompanied by that intense radiance, a few figures appeared above the sky.

Infinite radiance expanded outwards in all directions. Not just the heavens and earth around the World Illuminating Peak but even the entire Fire Domain seemed to be bathed in its glow at this moment.

The bright light even seemed to penetrate out of the territory of the Fire Domain, illuminating the broad world of the surroundings.

“They’re here,” Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di simultaneously stood up.

At this moment, the great earth where they were was still intact. Instead, yet further in the distance, the soil was shockingly breaking unceasingly apart as one long gully after another extended on the great earth, resembling numerous massive gorges.

The other side had clearly noticed Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di as a voice resounded from above the sky, vast and majestic, “Broad Creed Mountain, Yan Zhaoge?”

While it was a question, the speaker’s tone was very certain.

“I am Yan Zhaoge. How do I address you?” Yan Zhaoge was not taken aback by this.

While the five experts of the Radiant Light Sect who had descended previously had all been slain, with the Sacred Sun Clan having been exterminated as well, Meng Wan and Tang Yonghao who were acquainted with him had been brought to the World beyond Worlds. The other side would easily have been able to learn his appearance through them.

That majestic voice slowly said, “This old man is Zhang Chao.”

The Purple Sun Martial Saint, Zhang Chao.

This name had once been as common as thunder to the ear in the Eight Extremities World.

The past Chief of the Sacred Sun Clan and also its strongest ever expert. Earlier, he had successfully taken that final step and attained the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, ascending into the World beyond Worlds.

Yan Zhaoge could feel a gaze seemingly sweeping past his body. Beneath its pressure, the qi and blood as well as true essence of his body seemed about to surge and blaze all together at once.

That gaze now swept past Yan Zhaoge and fell on Yan Di, “Broad Creed Mountain, Yan Di?”

Yan Di said mildly, “I have long heard of your esteemed name, Purple Sun Zhang.”

Zhang Chao’s voice resounded once more, “You being here means that Guanglie must have met with harm.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Huang Guanglie, Huang Xu and Huang Jie have already been slain by me, all three generations all dead together.”

The voice up above paused for a moment before resounding once more, “Since that is so, you will go down to accompany them.”

The limitless radiance grew even brighter, one of the figures within now moving.

Then, Yan Zhaoge felt as if an additional sun had appeared within the sky, also shooting straight downwards towards him!

The entire heavens and earth seemed to blaze together, about to be vaporised by the sunlight that contained infinite heat and light.

However, Yan Zhaoge stood expressionlessly where he was, calm as he moved not a single inch.

As the great sun descended, a tyrannical, unmatchable fearsome sabre-light shot into the sky, directly extinguishing that descending sun!

Yan Zhaoge laughed soundlessly.

His father having ascended into the second level of the Martial Saint realm, it was not the same as other second level Martial Saints at all.

Amongst martial practitioners of the same cultivation level, his Northern Ocean Clone was already the cream of the crop, seldom meeting someone who could match him.

Yet, the Northern Ocean Clone who wielded two great Sacred Artifacts, the Imperious Cold Martial Armour and the Fish Dragon Spear at the second level of the Martial Saint realm, would only have been able to try for a draw when facing off against Yan Di at the first level of the Martial Saint realm.

Yan Di having stepped into the second level of the Martial Saint realm now, even if Deng Sen and the others revived and joined hands, they would probably still not be able to stand against him.

The current Yan Di was truly invincible amidst the Eight Extremities World. Even if people from the World beyond Worlds descended, with their cultivation base being suppressed beneath the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, they too would be hard pressed to stand against Yan Di’s terrifying sabre.

Wanting to deal with Yan Di, they would require numerous experts at the third level of the Martial Saint realm ganging up on him, and there could not be few of them as well.

Yan Zhaoge had sufficient grounds to suspect that with the power that the Extreme Yang Seal was currently able to unleash due to the restrictions by the power of dimensions here, even one of its powerful strikes might not assuredly be able to slay Yan Di.

Zhang Chao had thought that he would be coming for some glorious revenge this time. In the end, his sole fate would be getting wrecked and soaked in blood.