Chapter 602: There’S A Girl Who’S Caught My Eye

HSSB602: There’s a girl who’s caught my eye

While it was an artifact that had once belonged to the Dim Radiant Emperor, Yin Tianxia, the Dim Radiant Sect having been split apart for so many years, the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect similarly having been in conflict all this while, it was impossible to think that one side would willingly submit to the other with them having obtained that past symbol of his.

If both sides could reach an agreement, that might be a different story. Still, the possibility of this was not high.

Still, the object before them might still possess considerable value, some secrets perhaps actually being concealed within.

After all, Yin Tianxia was an expert who had surpassed all his predecessors of the Dim Radiant Sect, a hegemon of his times as he had brought his sect to truly unprecedented heights even in post-Great Calamity times.

Following the Great Calamity, the dao tradition of the Dim Radiant Sect would definitely have been immensely affected as well. Still, it was luckier than many other sects in that its legacy had not been discontinued. Having been able to lead the Dim Radiant Sect out into the light under such circumstances, attaining unprecedented heights, even Yan Zhaoge felt rather admiring of this.

Taking a step back, even if the Dim Radiant Sect had not taken any losses at all from the Great Calamity, having been able to surpass their predecessors would still not have been an easy thing.

The Radiant Light Sect having gone to such lengths with Old Man Mo’s kinsmen also went to show that this metallic fragment must not be simple.

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment and turned to look at his father. Then, he saw Yan Di looking over as well, nodding slowly.

Yan Di shared the same sentiments as Yan Zhaoge.

Their Broad Creed Mountain was already irrevocable enemies with the Radiant Light Sect. They naturally wouldn’t fear just this one thing being added into the mix.

Increasing their chips in hand and sending their enemy flying was really what they needed to ponder on.

The sole problem was that the Dim Darkness Sect might also have designs on this treasure. However, as Old Man Mo had said, while this treasure might bring harm, it might also end up being significant.

Yan Di said, “You are proficient in various unorthodox studies. You should keep it and carefully analyse it later.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded in agreement, cupping his hands towards Old Man Mo, “Since that is so, thank you, senior.”

Old Man Mo shook his head, “Why do you say this? It should be this old man thanking you, thanking your clan for mightily dealing the Radiant Light Sect a setback, causing the rage in this old man’s heart to be sated somewhat.”

“Speaking of this, this old man’s sharpness has already faded as I only dare to shrink back like a tortoise, not having the confidence to face the Radiant Light Sect head-on and take my revenge.”

“Looking at you esteemed father and son, this old man truly feels guilty towards my dead kinsmen.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di consoled Old Man Mo a little, his mental state also quickly recovering.

The two sides chatted for a while, mainly to hear Old Man Mo narrate matters of the World beyond Worlds.

At the end of it all, Old Man Mo sighed, “At the end of the day, this old man has already been away from that place for over a hundred years. With the fickle and unpredictable nature of things, there hopefully have been no major changes, lest I accidentally mislead you esteemed father and son.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both said, “You’re polite. We should be the ones thanking you.”

After taking their leave from Old Man Mo, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di left Verdant Pill Island, finally heading back towards Broad Creed Mountain.

As they passed through the Earth Domain, thinking about the many Broad Creed Mountain experts who had perished here in battle as well as Yuan Zhengfeng who had been lost within chaotic spacetime, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both had rather heavy hearts.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge narrate the sequence of events of that day, a cold light flashed through Yan Di’s eyes from time to time.

Thinking of how Shen Li had already been killed by Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di’s gaze gradually turned warm, his expression filled with approval as he looked at his son.

After a long time, he sighed, “I hope that Master, bless his old soul, has been blessed by fortune.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded silently in response, Yan Di continuing, “Is there a method to find Master with like how you found Xu Fei and Shi Jun?”

“The hope is slim,” Yan Zhaoge released a rare bitter laugh, “There are no clues at all. As opposed to blindly searching, there would be greater hope of Grand Master finding his way back himself.”

Yan Di thought, “If it is like how you say, either Master returns himself, or the possibility of us meeting in the World beyond Worlds in the future would be greater.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “While that is true, I will not give up in my efforts. So long as hope still remains, I will persist in the search.”

Yan Di nodded slowly, looking at the vast territory of the Earth Domain beneath his feet as he was silent for a long time.

His Master Yuan Zhengfeng was one of the people who had influenced his life the most greatly. Sometimes, the words ‘one of’ could even be excluded entirely from this.

Just like Shi Tie, Fu Enshu and the others, Yan DI had entered the clan since young, with Yuan Zhengfeng being both like a Master and a father to him.

After a while, Yan Di retracted his gaze, resuming his footsteps as he asked, “That Sacred Artifact, the Fish Dragon Spear, was newly forged by you?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded in agreement, smiling, “Entering the dragon tomb, I had great gains. It would be more than sufficient for the forging of another Sacred Artifact. Still, you should best do it personally so as to merge your martial true intent within for it to become even more compatible with yourself.”

Yan Di nodded, “This is only natural.”

Yan Zhaoge then said, “In the dragon tomb this time, I also received something that can enable us to head to the World beyond Worlds even not yet having reached the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm.”

He handed that paper fan belonging to the Dim Darkness Sect martial practitioner over to Yan Di.

Fingering the fan, Yan Di appeared slightly out of sorts.

Hearing that Yan Zhaoge intended to head to the World beyond Worlds prematurely, Yan Di did not find it unexpected.

The two of them both had tough and forceful styles, liking to seize the initiative in their actions. Yan Zhaoge’s intentions fit precisely with his.

“Can you use that Extreme Yang Seal again now?” Yan Di asked after pondering for a moment.

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, “Not for the moment. This old thing is very difficult to serve. It is different from the Extreme Yin Crown. When a Maiden of Extreme Yin wields the Extreme Yin Crown, the power increases progressively, increasing with her improvements in cultivation base.”

“However, this Extreme Yang Seal is extremely violent just having been used, precisely being at the final bearable limit of power possible for the Eight Extremities World. It cannot be lowered even if I want to. The final result can only be it descending into slumber after a one-time use, not being able to awaken for a long time.”

Yan Di pondered before saying, “It has already been the greater part of a year since you last used it. With such a long cooldown in between, it would be very easy for people to make use of this chance.”

“If the Radiant Light Sect descends again, the Extreme Yang Seal may not be in time for it. Even if it is in time, if it falls into slumber once more, our enemy’s third descent may still come during the period of slumber of the Extreme Yang Seal.”

Yan Di shook his head, “Following this battle with the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, and with the oceanic amount of true dragon essence qi that you speak of, I have confidence in achieving a breakthrough within a short period of time.”

“It is just that the matter of heading to the World beyond Worlds seems like it will have to fall on your shoulders. I have to remain in the Eight Extremities World, stabilising the situation and guarding against our enemies again descending and finding trouble for us.”

“Fortunately, you are incomparable to the past. Your cultivation base having soared by leaps and bounds aside, you have even refined a Martial Saint clone. So long as you remain alert, it would be hard for most people to do anything to you.”

Yan Di was feeling regretful somewhat. He hoped so greatly that he could head to the World beyond Worlds. Not only were the heavens and earth broader there with greater opportunities and challenges awaiting him, the true reason for his desire was that he had always hoped that he would be able to reunite with that person in the World beyond Worlds.

Yet, a person had to bear the responsibilities that he carried. Yan Di could only suppress these emotions of his for now.

Yan Zhaoge also sighed slightly, knowing that his father’s decision was actually most appropriate.

The father and son journeyed together, Broad Creed Mountain soon appearing before their eyes.

Seeing Broad Creed Mountain, Yan Zhaoge blinked, “Oh, there’s still something that I’ve got to tell you.”

Yan Di glanced rather curiously at him, “What?”

Yan Zhaoge chortled, “There’s a girl who’s caught my eye.”