Chapter 605: Congratulations From All Around

HSSB605: Congratulations from all around

Lan Wenyan’s spirits rose greatly. Forcibly suppressing his surging emotions, he bowed towards Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng before taking his leave.

Watching his departing figure, Feng Yunsheng asked curiously, “What ties of destiny were you referring to just now?”

Yan Zhaoge briefly explained the events of back then before smiling, “It was when I went to the Eastern Tang back then. I inadvertently ran into Meng Wan and found you because of her.”

Feng Yunsheng clicked her tongue in wonder upon hearing this.

Yan Zhaoge said, “This fella is pretty good. The reason for me having helped him is not just the matter of back then.”

“He was injured very heavily at the hands of Ye Jing back then. While the clan treated him and I gifted him with medicine as well, he still had to recuperate for a long time before recovering.”

“He would be a rare genius outside, but his talent cannot be considered top-tier in our clan. Having been held back like this, there was the possibility of him having turned ordinary.”

“Yet, he put in painstaking effort, working even harder than before. He can be considered one of the most diligent people amongst our younger generation. Finally, he instead surpassed many, gradually coming to stand out from amongst the crowd.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Since we have such a relation and he is also willing to work harder, I might as well support him further.”

Feng Yunsheng also nodded slightly, “Since that is so, I believe that he will not disappoint you.”

As they talked, they walked along the mountain path.

Now, Yan Zhaoge gazed into the distance and said happily, “We’ve got familiar faces again.”

Feng Yunsheng looked over as well. A few people appeared at the end of the path. There were Feng Moyang, Jun Luo, Zhao Ming , Jing Yunzhi and others.

Feng Yunsheng was also well acquainted with them as she similarly smiled, “Indeed familiar faces.”

After seeing that it was Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, Feng Moyang and the others cupped their hands before Yan Zhaoge smiled, asking, “Why are you here?”

Jun Luo answered cheerfully, “Father’s come to Broad Creed Mountain to visit Uncle Yan, so I came along with him.”

Yan Zhaoge came to a realisation as he swivelled his head to look at Zhao Ming, “Since that is so, is Uncle Zhao here as well?”

Zhao Ming nodded, “That’s right.”

Feng Moyang smiled, “Uncle Zhao and Uncle Jun have both come from far away. My father specially stopped with the pill that he happened to be concocting.”

Their families were well acquainted from top to bottom. Their fathers Yan Di, Feng Chi, Jun Zhiyuan and Zhao Shicheng had all been extremely close pals when they were young.

Yan Di having Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood was a great cause for celebration. Naturally, Jun Zhiyuan and Zhao Shicheng would come forth to congratulate him.

It was just that due to the invasion of the Flame Devil World at the East Sea previously, Yan Di had rushed to the Battle of the East Sea immediately after having emerged from seclusion as a Martial Saint. Having sealed the Flame Devils with the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation afterwards, Yan Di himself had been stuck within the seal, only having recently been able to extricate himself.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Let’s go. The older generation can have their gathering; we can have ours.”

Jun Luo’s gaze constantly moved between Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, “Brother Yan, Senior Sister Feng, are you going to become my Little Sister-in-law?”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both could not help but smile, the former directly flicking her head, “Take away the word ‘Little’. She’s older than you anyways.”

Jun Luo held her head, “Having tied her hair up, Senior Sister Feng might not even look older than me.”

Hearing her words, Yan Zhaoge sent a triumphant glance Feng Yunsheng’s way. Feng Yunsheng smiled, shaking her head.

Jun Luo scooted before them, smiling happily, “I was the first one to congratulate you. Should I have a prize?”

“There’ll naturally be a prize. Still, I’ve got to congratulate you too, Luo Luo,” Feng Yunsheng smiled, appraising Jun Luo along with a youth standing beside her.

Hearing her words, that youth’s face turned red, appearing joyful whilst also embarrassed, yet with it being more of unease as he secretly shot a glance at Jun Luo beside him.

This youth was the descendant of the Lian Family, Lian Cheng, whom Yan Zhaoge had seen while travelling to the Sand Region with Feng Yunsheng that year. He had already entered the Howling Wind Sword Sect, his Master precisely being Jun Zhiyuan.

Jun Luo had originally wanted to tease Feng Yunsheng, looking at the shyness of the usually valiant her.

Who knew that Feng Yunsheng would be graceful and magnanimous, her face not changing in the least as she had instead teased her and Lian Cheng.

Jun Luo blushed slightly, especially composing herself when she noticed the gaze of Lian Cheng beside her as she let out a dry cough, “Congratulate…congratulate what? Don’t tease me, Senior Sister Feng.”

These words having left her mouth, Lian Cheng’s face instantly fell greatly.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge and the others could not help but smile.

Lian Cheng had a weak personality, having been completely grasped within Jun Luo’s hands. Yet, there would really still be a long way to go if he were to succeed. Currently, Jun Luo held too much of an initiative between them.

Still, while Jun Luo had not admitted it, having been brought along by Jun Zhiyuan and having come to walk alongside Yan Zhaoge, Feng Moyang and Zhao Ming’s group along with Jun Luo now, this already went to show something to a certain extent.

This circle was very small, after all. Feng Yunsheng aside, Jing Yunzhi had already married Zhao Ming.

Yan Di hosted Jun Zhiyuan’s group while Yan Zhaoge played host to Jun Luo’s group. All of them talked and laughed happily, everyone being in a merry mood.

After Yan Di had returned to Broad Creed Mountain, the air in Broad Creed Mountain had improved.

Turbid Wave Pavilion’s Pavilion Lord An Qinglin, Infinite Boundless Mountain’s Chief Chu Yan and Jade Sea City’s City Lord Song Wuliang had specifically come over to pay visits to them once more.

The global situation of the entire Eight Extremities World completely stabilised.

With Yan Zhaoge’s gains from the dragon tomb as well as the oceanic resources supplied by the entire Eight Extremities World, Broad Creed Mountain swiftly regained its vitality, developing further.

It was only a matter of time before they returned to their peak and reached greater heights.

And despite this matter of time, Yan Zhaoge and those of Broad Creed Mountain did not let the current ideal state of affairs rush to their heads.

The powers of the Eight Extremities World were already unable to stir up any waves. Yet, the Radiant Light Sect of the World beyond Worlds would not let it go as easy as that. They might come to find trouble with them at any time.

Yan Di directly entered seclusion in the Myriad Dragon Palace, while Yan Zhaoge tempered himself unceasingly as well.

Time flew quickly by. In a flash, several months had passed.

One day, after a cultivation session, Yan Zhaoge was analysing that metallic fragment gifted to him by Old Man Mo.

There was no remnant aura or will of the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia and no unique sense of power within, causing Yan Zhaoge to be unable to get his head around it for the time being.

However, along with Yan Zhaoge’s increasing cultivation base and his increasing comprehension of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, his sensing of the myriad arts of the heavens and the earth had become increasingly stronger.

Analysing this metallic fragment, Yan Zhaoge vaguely felt that there truly seemed to be some exceptional profundities within it, just that he was temporarily unable to see through them.

“Huh?” Yan Zhaoge’s heart suddenly jolted slightly as he kept the metallic fragment.

He felt the Myriad Dragon Palace seemingly shudder slightly as an extremely powerful aura emanated from the depths of the palace.

The next moment, streams of purple light spilled outwards, suffusing the Myriad Dragon Palace.

The Myriad Dragon Palace was even unable to hold this purple qi back. After exiting the great hall, the purple qi directly enveloped the entire Broad Creed Mountain, expanding even further to join with the Clear Qi Grand Formation, dyeing the entire heavens and earth for the surrounding five thousand kilometres all around virtually completely purple.

A figure walked out of the depths of the Myriad Dragon Palace neither swiftly nor slowly.

Yan Zhaoge instantly smiled, “Congratulations, father, on leaving seclusion having improved further, stepping into the second level of the Martial Saint realm.”