Chapter 616: A Former Playmate!

HSSB616: A former playmate

As the news spread, it was Water Crystal Palace and Green Snake Island who felt worst.

Water Crystal Palace seemed already able to see the Spirit Returning Sect leaving it, entering Changli Mountain’s embrace. Meanwhile, Guan Jingqiong and the others of Green Snake Island could not help but feel like slamming their heads on the ground non-stop.

The Spirit Returning Island had always yearned to seek the true appearance of the Xuanwu Fist Scripture to improve their martial arts legacy, but how would it not have been the same for them?

They felt even more troubled by the fact that if the Spirit Returning Island successfully improved further, their Green Snake Island might then be decimated at any time.

The Chief of the Island, ‘Green Snake Madame’ Guan Jingqiong, truly didn’t know how she would be able to face her past predecessors of Green Snake Island at all now.

After hearing that Yan Zhaoge had reappeared in the Vast Ocean World, the other major powers were all paying close attention to this as well.

The major battles that had been occurring between Good and Evil all temporarily ceased, no one stirring up any major conflicts as they all wanted to see how Yan Zhaoge would be acting now that he had reappeared in this world.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t have the intention of doing anything further. He merely met the Chief of Changli Mountain, Gao Tianzhong, after which they exchanged all the required pleasantries.

Gao Tianzhong had successfully Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood, his personal strength being similar to that of Palace Lord Lin Shi of Water Crystal Palace and the Chief of the Dragon Slayer Sect Zhao Zhong as he had replaced the late Evil Saint, Lin Qiancheng, as one of the three hegemons of the Vast Ocean World.

Still, Gao Tianzhong’s mind remained very clear. He too thought of Water Crystal Palace’s recent lack of activity as signifying that they were actually growing stronger in secret.

As for Yan Zhaoge’s reappearance, Gao Tianzhong was naturally extremely welcoming of it.

Now, he could more or less understand that Yan Zhaoge had no intention of claiming authority within the Vast Ocean World. At the very least, he had no such aspirations for the time being.

It was just that yet more of Yan Zhaoge’s fellow disciples having appeared in the Vast Ocean World this time, those of Changli Mountain also secretly took notice of this.

“Chief Gao, this Yan has something else to do and will soon be leaving this place. My fellow disciples may be of some trouble as they remain here. Please help to take care of them,” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

Gao Tianzhong and the other Changli Mountain martial practitioners were all somewhat taken aback by this. From what Yan Zhaoge had said, he sounded like he would not be appearing for a long time.

Many thoughts flashed through Gao Tianzhong’s mind, but he didn’t hesitate at all as he emotionally replied, “Mister Yan is polite. Friends having come from faraway, our sect naturally welcomes them.”

After host and guests had finished interacting, Yan Zhaoge and the others left while Lu Feng of the Spirit Returning Sect remained behind.

While they were here for Yan Zhaoge’s Xuanwu Fist Scripture, since they had decided to draw away from Water Crystal Palace and draw close to Changli Mountain, the Spirit Returning Sect naturally had to communicate with Changli Mountain regarding many things.

Yan Zhaoge and the others left the great hall, everyone’s gazes simultaneously falling on Xu Fei.

Xu Fei and Shi Jun had already spent more than fifteen years in the Vast Ocean World. While Xu Fei outwardly still appeared to be in his thirties or forties, he was actually already getting close to fifty.

He had not wasted all these years away, having already long since become an Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster. This was extremely young when considering his age and his longevity.

Yan Zhaoge asked, “How is Sister-in-law Yuzhen?”

Ying Yuzhen had had her longevity shortened due to injuries. Now that more than ten years had passed, if she still wasn’t doing better, things would really not be looking good for her.

Xu Fei smiled, “Jun’er is looking after her. Thankfully, we found a Purple Bamboo Immortal Pistil some years back, increasing her longevity a little. Her situation is already much better, just that she has still yet to wake up.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed in relief upon hearing this, “There are Purple Bamboo Immortal Pistils in this Vast Ocean World? That’s good then.”

Methods for extending longevity were already rare from the start, yet Ying Yuzhen’s situation was unique, such that many of these could not be used and many spirit medicines could not easily be consumed. Thus, there were much fewer methods that could be used.

Purple Bamboo Immortal Pistils had not been discovered in the Eight Extremities World and the Floating Life World before. Having not thought that there might be some in this Vast Ocean World, Yan Zhaoge could not but emotionally sigh that heaven always gives us a way out.

They proceeded to the back mountains of Changli Mountain together. In a courtyard stood a youth who appeared around twenty-seven or twenty-eight, his gaze firm and his features handsome.

“Senior apprentice-grandaunt Fu, senior apprentice-uncle Yan,” This youth, Shi Jun, smiled joyfully upon seeing Yan Zhaoge and the others.

He first greeted Yan Zhaoge and Fu Enshu before doing the same with his other fellow disciples.

While Feng Yunsheng, Sikong Qing and the others had already long since learnt that time flowed differently in the Vast Ocean World and the Eight Extremities World, seeing Shi Jun who now had completely the look of a handsome youth, they still felt rather unused to it.

Ying Longtu dazedly looked up at Shi Jun who was now nearly a head taller than him.

Back in Broad Creed Mountain, the two of them having been around the same age, the relationship between them had been quite good. It was just that a former playmate now suddenly being more than ten years older than him, it truly caused Han Long’er who was already gradually becoming better versed with the ways of the world to feel like his brain was insufficient for usage again.

It was instead Shi Jun who smiled like he always had, solemnly bowing towards Ying Longtu, “Senior apprentice-uncle Ying.”

“At…at ease…” A rather dazed Ying Longtu stuttered slightly.

Everyone had originally still been feeling awkward. Seeing how Ying Longtu looked now, they instead laughed as it was no longer as awkward for them.

Standing beside Xu Fei, Yan Zhaoge secretly sent him a sound transmission, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu, having returned to the Eight Extremities World, I sent Ah Hu over to Turbid Wave Pavilion to meet Senior Sister Xie.”

Xu Fei’s gaze focused on Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu.

Yan Zhaoge nodded to Ah Hu, who scratched the back of his head, “Brother Fei, I’ve seen Miss Xie, Xie Youchan. As Young Master instructed, I invited her to come to the Vast Ocean World with us.”

“Miss Xie rejected the offer. Still, she asked you to head over to Turbid Wave Pavilion if you do return in the future.”

Ah Hu asked rather uncomprehendingly, “I asked around and found that Miss Xie hasn’t found anyone new. Why hasn’t she come, though?”

Yan Zhaoge elbowed him, scolding laughingly, “What’re you saying?”

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest smile, while Xu Fei could not help but smile as well, “I can basically understand why she hasn’t come. Relax, I will definitely find a way to return to the Eight Extremities World to see her when I’m able to.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Now that senior apprentice-aunt Fu and so many fellow disciples are here, there is no longer a need for you to stay by Sister-in-law Yuzhen’s and Jun’er’s side all the time.”

“I’ll leave the Lofty Prestige Mirror to you and teach you the Mirror Dimensional Traversing Technique. When the Lofty Prestige Mirror has fully recovered around a year later, you can return to the Eight Extremities World on your own.”

“You’d better hurry. Otherwise, when you’ve gotten back, you’d already be two generations older than her.”

Xu Fei ignored Yan Zhaoge’s teasing as he simply frowned, “I can indeed set my mind at ease then. Still, having given me the treasure, what about you yourself then?”

Yan Zhaoge answered, “I won’t need the Lofty Prestige Mirror to head to the World beyond Worlds. I probably won’t need it after having gone there as well.”

Seeing that Xu Fei’s brows were still knit tightly, Yan Zhaoge paused for a moment before continuing, “Having chatted with Old Man Mo earlier, I heard him mention some things there are in the World beyond Worlds. If they still exist there now, I will naturally have other methods if necessary.”

“There isn’t only the Mirror Dimensional Traversing Technique that can open temporary dimensional passageways.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge say this, Xu Fei finally felt reassured, “When will you be going then?”

Yan Zhaoge said quietly, “Now.”