Chapter 613: A Single Person Stirring The World’S Power Balance

HSSB613: A single person stirring the world’s power balance

“So many things have happened?” Yan Zhaoge felt greatly entertained by the narration by Lu Feng on the current situation of the Vast Ocean World.

Those of the Spirit Returning Sect and Green Snake Island were all thinking, “Yeah, so many things have happened…more than half of them were because of you.”

Thinking about the various legends regarding Yan Zhaoge, the memories which had faded to the backs of their minds over time gradually surfaced within their minds once more.

When he had been in the Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster realm in the past, he had fought one against two, defeating Zhang Haocheng of Water Crystal Palace and Li Sheng of the Dragon Slayer Sect who had been the most powerful Essence Spirit Martial Grandmasters of the Vast Ocean World at the time in a single blow.

Afterwards, he had directly broken through to become the youngest ever Essence Talisman Martial Grandmaster in history.

He had slain the Chief of Spirit Rhino Island Fang Kan, slain the ‘Nine-Fingered Dragon King’ of the Blood Dragon Sect Nian Chen, wrested the Sacred Artifact, the Nine Dragon Fingers, slain the Chief of the Evil Shifting Sect ‘Heavenly Evil’ Feng Jingsheng, slain the Evil Saint Lin Qiancheng, slain the Chief of the Brilliant Thunder Sect ‘Crimson Thunder King’ Geng Hui, heavily injured the Chief of the Dragon Slayer Sect ‘Slaying Seven Seas’ Zhao Zhong.

Close to half of the Vast Ocean World’s peak experts had been slain by this youth before them. The global situation of the Vast Ocean World which had persisted for centuries had undergone heaven-shaking, earth-overturning changes just because of him alone.

After having visited the dragon tomb that year, Yan Zhaoge had vanished from the Vast Ocean World.

Changli Mountain had announced to the outside world that Yan Zhaoge had chosen to seclude himself from the world once more.

As time unceasingly passed, many suspected that Changli Mountain was intentionally trying to draw on Yan Zhaoge’s authority, the truth likely being that he had already perished in the dragon tomb.

Today, however, that ill omen of the past had appeared within this world once more, instantly reviving everyone’s memories of the past.

Even the Spirit Returning Sect experts who took Yan Zhaoge to be of the same camp were inwardly feeling uneasy, while those of Green Snake Island were really secretly shivering within.

Looking at Guan Jingqiong and the others who looked like they were facing a great enemy, Yan Zhaoge thought for a moment, no outward changes in expression showing on his face.

He nodded towards Lu Feng, “Thank you for telling me everything, Chief Lu. I will be heading to Changli Mountain now. I’ll not interrupt you anymore.”

While Yan Zhaoge’s tone was mild, those of the Spirit Returning Sect were stunned silly.

They all stood dazedly there, Lu Feng quickly calling out as he saw that Yan Zhaoge was about to leave, “…Mister Yan!”

Yan Zhaoge looked innocently over, “Is there still something else, Chief Lu?”

Lu Feng was rendered staring and tongue-tied, almost being unable to follow up.

His hunched back came from the fact that the phenomenon of the back of a turtle would eventually appear upon having cultivated in the martial arts of the Spirit Returning Sect to a certain extent.

However, it did not give the impression of weakness and old age as he instead resembled a spirit turtle which was fixed within the deep sea, heavy and stable as external forces would not easily be able to move it.

It was just that facing Yan Zhaoge now, Lu Feng truly felt a little unable to straighten his back.

He smiled wryly as he looked towards Guan Jingxiong’s group across from him who appeared similarly dumbstruck, “Mister Yan, you see…”

Yan Zhaoge nodded nonchalantly, “Yeah, you lot can continue. You don’t have to care about me. It was me who suddenly appeared in the arena where you were competing just now. I have no intention of pursuing this matter.”

Lu Feng was instantly rendered completely speechless.

He pondered carefully for a moment, remembering that when Yan Zhaoge had travelled in the Vast Ocean World previously, while he had stayed for a long period of time in Changli Mountain and he had fellow disciples there as well, he himself could not easily be judged as being on the side of either Good or Evil.

While hegemons of Evil like Lin Qiancheng, Geng Hui and Feng Jingsheng had died by his hands, of the forces of Good, he had similarly been merciless towards Nian Cheng, Fang Kan, Guan Li and Shen Shicheng as well.

The Nine Dragon Fingers of the Blood Dragon Sect were still in Yan Zhaoge’s hands even now.

The benchmark for this person’s actions was that whoever provoked him, he would deal with that person. Whichever camp they came from didn’t matter at all.

This meant that they should really be thanking the heavens that he was not pursuing their disciples for their transgressions against him just now.

A bitter smile appeared on Lu Feng’s face. It was really too much for him to have thought that Yan Zhaoge might actually help them to deal with Green Snake Island.

Those of Green Snake Island now reacted as well, feeling incomparably fortunate regarding this.

Guan Jingxiong’s face relaxed as she now inhaled deeply before cupping her hands towards Yan Zhaoge, “This old woman’s junior apprentice-nephew having made a transgression against Mister Yan just now, this old woman deeply expresses her apologies for it.”

The middle-aged man beside her who had fought just now also obediently and hurriedly bowed to Yan Zhaoge in apology.

As those of Green Snake Island gazed at Yan Zhaoge and the Spirit Returning Island martial practitioners, they slowly backed off, retreating into the Bewildering Maze Sea.

Those of the Spirit Returning Sect could only watch helplessly on. The situation just now had been disadvantageous to them. If not for Yan Zhaoge’s appearance, it was they who would have suffered a loss. Currently, they naturally didn’t dare to pursue.

The plans of Green Snake Island having been wrecked, while they felt despondent, they instead rejoiced more, their hearts feeling at ease.

As Feng Yunsheng, Fu Enshu, Sikong Qing, Ying Longtu and the others watched this, some appeared uncomprehending while others appeared thoughtful.

Those of the Spirit Returning Sect felt greatly awkward as they looked at Yan Zhaoge, not knowing what to say at all.

Lu Feng recovered, deciding that he definitely could not mention Green Snake Island. Instead, he called over the person of his sect who had fought just now, coming over to apologise to Yan Zhaoge as well.

“Heading to the Directionless Sea where Changli Mountain is from the Bewildering Maze Sea, you will have to pass by my Spirit Returning Sect’s Flying Turtle Sea. If Mister Yan doesn’t mind, how about we travel together?” Lu Feng asked smilingly.

Yan Zhaoge smiled mildly, “That’s naturally fine.”

Lu Feng rejoiced greatly, now travelling alongside Yan Zhaoge’s group.

As Yan Zhaoge walked, he asked casually, “When observing your sect and Green Dragon Island just now, I found that while your martial arts are one passive, one active, one yin, one yang, one tough, one subtle, they actually seem connected, like they originate from the same source.”

“If I did not see wrongly, both of them originate from the lineage of Xuanwu, right?”

Lu Feng nodded, “That’s right. Our founder and the founder of the Green Snake demons had dealings that year. Both of them simultaneously excavated a legacy of pre-Great Calamity times. After some conflict, each of them gained half of it.”

“Our sect obtained the turtle of Xuanwu, while Green Snake Island obtained the snake of Xuanwu.”

This matter also not being a secret in the Vast Ocean World, Lu Feng sighed, “With the legacy of Xuanwu, my sect stood upright and just, suppressing evil and decimating devils. We really cannot stand seeing the legacy of Xuanwu falling into the hands of Evil, being used for nefarious deeds.”

“So many years having passed, the other portion of the legacy has already been distorted beyond recognition. Every time our ancestors of every generation thought about this, they would feel deeply pained, and this old man is also no exception.”

“We have always hoped that we can regather the entire, original legacy. Only then would we not be letting down our ancestors of before the Great Calamity.”

All these years, in having often clashed, both sides had also captured each other’s young disciples before. Still, the peak, most essential legacies just couldn’t be reclaimed.

Lu Feng had been at the Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster realm for many years. He often thought that while their and Green Snake Island’s legacies combined only amounted to a tiny portion of Xuanwu’s lineage, if the martial arts of both their sects could be combined, he would probably be able to immediately achieve a breakthrough into the Martial Saint realm.

After having heard Lu Feng’s words, Yan Zhaoge nodded. While there were no changes in his expression at all, he extended his arms into a fist stance.

Yan Zhaoge immediately released this fist stance after having displayed it.

However, seen in Lu Feng’s eyes, his head spun dizzyingly as he very nearly plunged headfirst into the sea.

“Mis…Mister Yan?!” The old man couldn’t even speak clearly now as he just stared fixatedly at Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

Yan Zhaoge continued striding forward nonchalantly, his hands behind his back.