Chapter 614: I’Ll Give You A Lesson

HSSB614: I’ll give you a lesson

Yan Zhaoge appeared wholly casual, as if he felt that there had been nothing special about his earlier action at all.

However, Lu Feng received a shock so great that he nearly fainted.

“Mister Yan, could it be that you are of Xuanwu’s lineage as well?” Lu Feng asked rather emotionally.

It was impossible for him not to be emotional. While Yan Zhaoge had only gone into a fist stance earlier that appeared simple and ordinary, in the eyes of an expert like him, infinite profundities had seemingly been contained within.

Just that simple fist stance seemed to have combined the essences of the supreme martial arts of the Spirit Returning Sect and Green Snake Island.

While he had only taken a mere glance at Yan Zhaoge’s earlier fist stance, Lu Feng even felt as though the fog before his eyes had lifted somewhat, feeling that he was somewhat nearer to the Martial Saint realm than before.

This shocking thunder that resounded out of nowhere left Lu Feng feeling utterly shocked and dazed.

The old man’s usually arched back abruptly pulled straight now as he gazed enthusiastically towards Yan Zhaoge.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge’s expression didn’t change, but he was secretly smiling to himself.

The Zhenwu Emperor, or the Xuanwu Emperor, the Zhenwu Devil Sweeping Emperor, the Devil Sweeping Heavenly Lord, had been a legendary figure of pre-Great Calamity times, one of the peak experts of back then.

The legacy which he had left behind was known as the Xuanwu Fist Scripture, where activity and passivity, yin and yang and tough and subtle were merged as one, containing infinite great daos as it was extraordinarily profound.

While the Xuanwu Fist Scripture did not encompass everything the Xuanwu Emperor had learnt, it was definitely the martial art of the Xuanwu lineage he knew which had the deepest analysis of it.

Before the Great Calamity, it had been stored within the Martial Repository of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

Yan Zhaoge understood the Xuanwu Fist Scripture as well. It was just that most of his time and effort had been dedicated to even stronger martial arts like the Peerless Heavenly Scripture and the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, along with Broad Creed Mountain’s direct lineage Clear Qi Profound Art.

As for the Xuanwu Fist Scripture, it was limited to mere comprehension. He had not truly cultivated in it before.

Even manifesting Xuanwu’s descent relied on the combination of the Heavenly Snake King Fist and the Ocean Stabilising Spirit Fist of his Six Spirits Demonic Fists. It drew on its concept, not fist-intent.

Still, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture was itself the most miraculous and elite martial art as it was also proficient in containing and mimicking other supreme martial arts.

Accompanied by Yan Zhaoge’s increasing cultivation base these past years, understanding the Xuanwu Fist Scripture through the Peerless Heavenly Scripture and gaining some initial insight and proficiency in it would not have been difficult at all.

This was unlike for the Northern Ocean Clone. Having already been a Martial Saint when he was refined, his original martial arts foundation had already been solid such that it would have been very inconvenient to switch to other martial arts.

As Yan Zhaoge himself cultivated in the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, though, it would not be hard for him to practise the Xuanwu Fist Scripture.

Thus, when he had struck a fist stance earlier, the old, experienced Lu Feng had misunderstood his actual foundations as being that of Xuanwu’s lineage.

Feeling the enthusiasm within Lu Feng’s gaze, Yan Zhaoge smiled, shaking his head, “Chief Lu misunderstands. This Yan is not of Xuanwu’s direct lineage. I merely coincidentally received guidance from a close senior of mine in the past.”

Lu Feng inhaled deeply, calming somewhat, “May I know where this senior is now? Do not misunderstand, Mister Yan. As someone of Xuanwu’s lineage as well, this old man would simply like to pay a visit to this senior expert.”

His heart jolted slightly. If Yan Zhaoge was not from the Vast Ocean World, that senior would most likely also not be here.

Yan Zhaoge said, “That would be inconvenient. This uncle of mine does not like to be disturbed.”

Lu Feng sighed regretfully, his gaze that was directed at Yan Zhaoge being filled with pleading.

Yan Zhaoge’s previous fist stance had shown him great profundities, yet it would be hard to analyse and develop from just that alone.

The thing which his predecessors and he himself had been yearning for all these years was right before his eyes at this moment. Yet, it seemed visible in the horizon yet unable to actually grasp.

At this moment, Lu Feng felt uncomfortable as though he had been scratched by a cat.

Yan Zhaoge said, “It is only the basics of the Xuanwu lineage that this Yan knows. Still, without the agreement of that uncle of mine, I would not be able to lightly pass it down. I think that Chief Lu should be able to understand this.”

Lu Feng smiled bitterly, “Arts are not easily taught. How could this old man not understand that?”

Looking at him, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I wonder if Chief Lu is interested in sparring with this Yan?”

Lu Feng was momentarily taken aback before he immediately reacted, “I couldn’t be happier to. Please provide me with guidance, Mister Yan.”

The two halted and readied themselves. Of those around them, many had still yet to react to this.

Yan Zhaoge’s fist stance earlier had lasted for merely an instant. Most people would not have able to comprehend the profundities within.

However, seeing Lu Feng’s solemn expression, the Spirit Returning Sect disciples could not help but feel nervous.

“Please dispense your teachings,” Lu Feng said before his figure abruptly shrunk, becoming much smaller than its original greater height.

However, along with this motion, the aura about his entire body instantly grew heavier and more retracted.

From Yan Zhaoge’s perspective, while Lu Feng’s actual body seemed to have shrunk greatly, he seemed to have grown even taller from his aura, seeming as if he was connected up to the heavens and down into the earth.

A massive Spirit Turtle Avatar appeared around Lu Feng’s body, completely enveloping him.

The spirit turtle was incomparably huge. As it stood within the seawater, its four legs resembled four ocean-stabilising needles. The great sea which had still surged with tides a moment ago instantly fell completely calm.

The entire heavens and earth had become quiet and soundless at this moment.

A hint of a smile appeared at the corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth, “Asking you to attack, you actually would not be able to display your true abilities. Since that is so, this Yan will make the first move.”

Lu Feng said in a deep tone, “This old man thanks Mister Yan for his grace.”

“It’s fine,” Yan Zhaoge strode outwards, raising his fists and jointly punching out towards Lu Feng.

In that instant, the heavens and the earth shook. Accompanied by Yan Zhaoge’s fist stance, the silhouettes of snake and turtle simultaneously manifested, yin and yang coexisting, toughness and subtlety connecting, activity and passivity combining, heaviness and agility coming together in one, all assisting one another as they possessed majestic, seemingly infinite, immeasurable power!

As the silhouettes of the spirit turtle and the spirit snake coexisted, the massive figure of a divine Heavenly Lord was indistinctly visible, garbed in black with golden armour and jade belt, a sword in hand with a raging gaze, standing on snake and turtle with a halo above his head. His image was authoritative and mighty to the extreme, sweeping through all devils, intimidating all evil into inaction.

Those of the Spirit Returning Sect were all rendered wide-eyed and tongue-tied.

That tall figure directly stomped on Lu Feng’s Spirit Turtle Avatar.

While the Spirit Turtle Avatar did not shatter, just having been stable as Mount Tai a moment ago, its aura instantly deteriorated as it seemed nearly about to be stomped into the depths of the sea.

Lu Feng was yelling wildly within his heart, “Xuanwu’s lineage! Really Xuanwu’s lineage!”

The next moment, Yan Zhaoge retracted his fist stance, that authoritative, mighty figure vanishing. At the same time that Lu Feng felt empty and at a loss, his heart was blazing all the more intensely.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I hope that Chief Lu could have gained something from this.”

Gains? Of course there were gains. Still, it was just lacking by that tiny bit, just that tiny bit!

Lu Feng resisted the urge to go vomit blood as he repeatedly laughed bitterly within his heart, “There was no difference from if this exchange hadn’t happened.”

Currently, he was feeling even more restless and on tenterhooks.

The other Spirit Returning Sect martial practitioners were even more excited than him, yet even more restless as well.

Lu Feng inhaled deeply, “It has already been some days since this old man last visited Changli Mountain. If Mister Yan doesn’t mind, how about we travel together?”

While his original intention had just been to accompany Yan Zhaoge’s group to the Flying Turtle Sea, at this moment, Lu Feng felt that it was necessary for him to make a trip to Changli Mountain.