Chapter 619: The Virtuous Yan Zhaoge

HSSB619: The virtuous Yan Zhaoge

Having heard Deng Sen, Yang Zhanhua and those others of the Radiant Light Sect speak previously, Yan Zhaoge already knew that the language currently prevalent in the World beyond Worlds was extremely similar to the ancient tongue commonly used in pre-Great Calamity times.

While it had changed, it was extremely similar. Under most circumstances, it could all be used, not affecting communication.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, this youth appeared grateful whilst also a little wary.

He hesitated for a moment before saying, “I am not a Dim Darkness Sect disciple.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “You don’t have to be so nervous. I’m not here with your enemies to deceive you and cheat information out of you. If this Dim Darkness Sect martial practitioner beside you were not heavily injured and unconscious, I would be able to talk to him.”

“I inadvertently came across a skeleton belonging to a late Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster of the Dim Darkness Sect. Now, I want to return it to the Dim Darkness Sect, thus looking for descendants of theirs.”

The youth cupped his hands, “No matter what, I still have to thank you for saving my life.”

He looked at that black-clothed martial practitioner, saying, “The Xuan dogs are rampant, sowing havoc throughout all their dominion. The Radiant Light Sect, the Dim Darkness Sect and the others have all come up in rebellion, wanting to overthrow the corrupt Xuan dogs. Martial practitioners from all around have responded to the call, those who have come under our banner as many as the clouds in the sky. I am merely a small member of this.”

“Mister Zhang, Zhang Qiansong is an old acquaintance of mine. It was due to his influence that I decided to devote myself to the grand cause of defeating the Xuan dogs. Still, I am indeed not a Dim Darkness Sect disciple.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Is this place the Royal Reed Sea?”

The youth was taken aback, “This place is indeed the Royal Reed Sea. You…”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, smiling, “I am not of the Royal Reed Sea. I have said that I am returning the bones of a late Dim Darkness Sect senior to his hometown.”

The youth said slowly, “You are truly virtuous, possessing the flair of the ancients.”

He relaxed somewhat, gradually becoming easier with his words.

Only now did Yan Zhaoge know that these past years, many changes had occurred in the Royal Reed Sea since the time of Old Man Mo’s departure.

Around a hundred years ago, an expert had arrived in the Royal Reed Sea, styling himself as the Xuan Emperor as he expanded his territory, finally establishing the foundation of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Finally, the Grand Xuan Dynasty had come to reign over this Royal Reed Sea that was even vaster than the Eight Extremities World.

Other than the Radiant Light Sect, the Dim Darkness Sect and a few other peak powers, the rest of the martial practitioners who were active in the Royal Reed Sea had all submitted to the authority of the Grand Xuan Dynasty, those other powers who hadn’t temporarily laying low as well.

Yet, around ten years ago, the founding emperor of the Xuan Dynasty had perished, the overall power of the Grand Xuan Dynasty diminishing greatly as a result.

The past Xuan Emperors had all been tyrannical and cruel in their regimes, especially the current third generation Xuanmu Emperor who was extravagant and licentious, oppressing the martial practitioners in the Royal Reed Sea greatly.

Now that the Grand Xuan Dynasty was in decline, revolts instantly began all around.

The powers like the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect began openly attacking the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the flames of war arising about the entire Royal Reed Sea.

At the same time that they were resisting the Grand Xuan Dynasty, they were also secretly acting against the experts recruited by the Grand Xuan Dynasty and gathering experts of the Royal Reed Sea, regardless of cultivation base, to rise up in revolt together, shaking the foundations of the entire Grand Xuan Dynasty in all areas.

This was what the heavily injured and unconscious Dim Darkness Sect martial practitioner, Zhang Qiansong, as well as his companion, had been doing.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty was naturally trying to stamp them down with all their might, a great battle raging on between the two sides.

It was not just here. The chaotic skirmishes encompassed the entire Royal Reed Sea.

Yan Zhaoge nodded repeatedly at his words, “It is better the more chaotic it is. It would be more convenient for those of our generation to retrieve millet from the flames.”

As it seemed now, rather than simply their longtime enemy, the Dim Darkness Sect, the Radiant Light Sect had other enemies here in the Royal Reed Sea as well.

It was a pity, though, that the Grand Xuan Dynasty seemed not to be a good cooperation target.

Just from irrevocable enemies like the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect acting together against it alone, it was already visible how hated and unpopular the Grand Xuan Dynasty was.

Also, this Grand Xuan Dynasty was used to acting tyrannical and unreasonably. Cooperating with it would really be like trying to work together with a tiger.

Still, the current chaos in the Royal Reed Sea was inevitably good news for Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain.

After all, if a massive entity like the Radiant Light Sect were to go all out, they would be sufficient to suppress and crush a world like the Eight Extremities World or the Vast Ocean World.

According to Old Man Mo’s words, the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had died, the strength of the Dim Radiant Sect deteriorating greatly as a great many of their peak experts had perished as well, till finally it had collapsed and split apart for good.

Even so, there had still been experts of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm sitting over the Radiant Light Sect that year. Also, as compared to the Eight Extremities World, the number of experts they had was as many as the clouds in the sky.

Meanwhile, their cultivation bases would not be suppressed in the World beyond Worlds as they would be able to use their full strength.

Looking at the youth before him, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “We’ve talked for a while, but I still don’t know your name.”

The youth hesitated slightly for a moment. Yan Zhaoge had saved him and Zhang Qiansong. It was indeed terribly rude of him not to reveal his name.

Yet, he was still a little worried that Yan Zhaoge might be someone of the Grand Xuan Dynasty, all of this being an act.

The Wei Family that he was from was rather well established in the Phoenix Bearing Region of the Royal Reed Sea. As soon as he reported his name, most people would connect it to the Wei Family.

Having come out together with Zhang Qiansong to rebel against the Xuan Dynasty had been his own idea. He had kept it from the seniors of his family.

After a while, the youth sighed as he still answered honestly, “I am Wei Lang. How do I address benefactor?”

“I’m surnamed Yan, Yan Zhaoge.”

While it might spread to the ears of the Radiant Light Sect, Yan Zhaoge did not give a fake name, appraising Wei Lang as he said rather interestedly, “From observing the martial arts that you used, while they are not top-tier, they are still rather laudable. The family or sect you come from should not be nameless?”

If this was someone of the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the name of the Wei Family would be sufficient for them to act and make things difficult for him.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge say this, Wei Lang instead heaved a sigh of relief, knowing that Yan Zhaoge was indeed not a local of the Royal Reed Sea.

Relaxing greatly, he said, “These are the martial arts of my family. My Wei Family is still rather famous in the Royal Reed Sea’s Phoenix Bearing Region.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at that black-clothed martial practitioner, “He’s called Zhang Qiansong? He’s rather heavily injured. It looks like he won’t be waking up for a while. Do you know other ways for establishing contact with Dim Darkness Sect martial practitioners?”

Wei Lang said troubledly, “Brother Yan, I did not lie. I am indeed not a Dim Darkness Sect disciple.”

“As for other Dim Darkness Sect martial practitioners, while I have seen a few of them before, I don’t have any way of contacting them.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge put his hand to his forehead, smiling bitterly within his heart, “This really is…”

After pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge mentally communicated with the Northern Ocean Clone who secretly left.

Having come to the World beyond World this time, it was to understand the situation and establish contact with the rivals of the Radiant Light Sect on one hand whilst preventing the Radiant Light Sect from obtaining the supreme Rahu treasure of magnificent dimness on the other.

While he might be able to establish contact with the Dim Darkness Sect now, it was impossible to say when progress might be made in this area. Thus, Yan Zhaoge decided to work on it from both routes.

He would work on establishing contact with the Dim Darkness Sect while the Northern Ocean Clone would work on the matter of the supreme Rahu treasure.

With Feng Yunsheng by the side of his original body, even if he found clues regarding that treasure here, things would also not be delayed.

Wei Lang naturally did not detect any of this as he was currently looking worriedly at the unconscious Zhang Qiansong.

Now, the expression on Wei Lang’s face suddenly changed as he took out a spirit talisman that was folded into the shape of a paper crane.

As the wings of the paper crane flapped, Wei Lang was rather astonished, “A senior of my family is nearby and searching for me.”