Chapter 620: Shocking The Dim Darkness Sect

HSSB620: Shocking the Dim Darkness Sect

With a single glance at the paper crane, Yan Zhaoge knew that it was a secret communication technique commonly used by blood relatives, facilitating the seniors of a family in coming to save their descendants.

Just a short while later, a group of people appeared before them.

It was a middle-aged man who led them, Wei Lang calling rather shamefully as he saw him, “Second Uncle…”

The middle-aged man looked first at Yan Zhaoge and the others  and then at Wei Lang before sighing, “Lang’er, eldest brother and I were both very worried about you.”

Wei Lang hurriedly said, “It is my fault for making Second Uncle and Father worry.”

As he looked at Yan Zhaoge, seeing that his expression was as per usual, he introduced for him, “Brother Yan, this is my second uncle, Wei Yunsheng.”

“Second Uncle, this brother Yan is Yan Zhaoge. He saved me just now.”

On hearing his words, Wei Yunsheng cupped his hands towards Yan Zhaoge, “Many thanks for saving my little nephew.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “You are polite, Mister Wei.”

Wei Yunsheng looked at Zhang Qiansong, Wei Lang saying slowly, “Second Uncle, Mister Zhang is injured…”

“You, really…” Wei Yunsheng shook his head, “I told you before not to mess around with the people of the Dim Darkness Sect. If they cannot sustain themselves in the Phoenix Bearing Region, they can just leave the place at most. Yet, where would my Wei family be able to go to?”

Wei Lang said softly, “Second Uncle, the Xuan dogs have always been tyrannical. Our Wei Family has suffered deeply, being oppressed and exploited. Now that the Xuan dogs have been taking so many losses, now is the best time to overthrow them.”

Wei Yunsheng said, “You are still young. Even without the Grand Xuan, there would still be other powers claiming the territory and establishing their rule. Our Wei Family has no place in this.”

Wei Lang muttered, “It couldn’t be any worse than being oppressed by the Grand Xuan…”

Wei Yunsheng was silent as he looked at Zhang Qiansong, next glancing at Yan Zhaoge’s group as he sent over a sound transmission, “Why did these people save you? Was it merely out of goodwill?”

“Actually, they mainly wanted to save Mister Zhang,” Wei Lang answered honestly, “This Brother Yan is not a local of the Royal Reed Sea. Instead, he is here to escort the bones of a former senior of the Dim Darkness Sect back to his hometown. Yet, he does not know how to establish contact with the Dim Darkness Sect.”

“You should also know that the main altar of the Dim Darkness Sect is mysterious and indiscernible. Few people in the outside world know its location.”

Wei Yunsheng pondered for a moment before sighing, “Whatever. Since that is so, let us bring them back to Labour Wind City first.”

Hearing this, Wei Lang instead felt rather uneasy, “If we bring them back to our Family, would it bring danger to our kinsmen?”

He would not hesitate to sacrifice his own life. Yet, there were old, infirm, wives and children in his family. If the Grand Xuan Dynasty set their eyes on them, he dared not imagine the consequences.

Wei Yunsheng said, “With me around, you should be able to avoid getting exposed. Otherwise, if you lot were to drift about outside, if you were captured by the Grand Xuan Dynasty, our entire family would definitely be affected.”

Wei Lang solemnly said, “Thank you, Second Uncle.”

He went to tell Yan Zhaoge about it, the latter not minding as he immediately nodded, “Since that is so, we will be troubling you.”

Beneath the concealment of the Wei Family martial practitioners, they quickly traversed mountains and crossed seas.

As they walked, only then did Yan Zhaoge and the others carefully feel everything in the World beyond Worlds.

As he raised his head and gazed over, the spiritual qi vein in the sky crossed and intersected, virtually becoming visible to the naked eye.

The blue ocean was not a pure blue, instead looking more like it was emitting a faint green lustre.

Day and night were not so distinguishable.

At night, it was unlike the Eight Extremities World where the bright starlit sky could be seen.

The sky was not completely dark, instead seeming as though he was enveloped by a blurry white veil, everything being indistinct behind him.

Once in a while, extremely powerful jade-light would suddenly shoot through the sky. While it could not compare to the all-encompassing power of the great sun, the starlight was extremely dazzling as well. Just a moment having passed, it seemed like the same world had intersected.

“It is like we are within a galaxy of stars,” Feng Yunsheng murmured, “Even if we aren’t, we should still be very close to one.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “This is the World beyond Worlds.”

While it could not compare to the Heavenly Court of the of pre-Great Calamity times, it was already no longer an ordinary world.

Having travelled for a few days, a great city appeared over the horizon, half on the continent and half over the vast ocean. It remained staunch and unmoving despite the beating of the waves, being rather magnificent in its atmosphere.

Gazing at the distant city, Yan Zhaoge knew that it must be Labour Wind City, one of the important cities of the Royal Reed Sea. The Wei Family that Wei Lang and Wei Yunsheng had been born in were the rulers of this place.

The Wei Family Patriarch was Wei Lang’s father and Wei Yunsheng’s brother. His name was Wei Yunchang.

Wei Yunchang’s gaze fell somewhat severely on Wei Lang, leaving the latter a little unable to raise his head.

Still, Wei Yuncheng did not punish Wei Lang in front of Yan Zhaoge, only greeting Yan Zhaoge’s group and thanking them for having saved Wei Lang’s life.

After Yan Zhaoge’s group had been settled down, Zhang Qiansong also sent people over to take care of them.

With Yan Zhaoge’s help, Zhang Qiansong’s injuries began gradually recuperating as he soon woke up.

“Liang Zhichao? That was a figure of my Grand Master’s generation. It is said that he went to the lower worlds that year, no news being heard of him afterwards,” Zhang Qiansong’s face was pale, “So, senior apprentice-granduncle Liang has really perished?”

Holding onto that paper fan with one hand, Yan Zhaoge lightly waved his other hand, streams of clear qi causing a skeleton to appear. The clothes on the skeleton were similar to Zhang Qiansong’s.

Zhang Qiansong struggled to place a finger on the skeleton, infusing his aura-qi within and feeling it for a moment before saying dismally, “While I cannot be sure that it is senior apprentice-granduncle Liang, it is definitely the legacy of my sect.”

He cupped his hands towards Yan Zhaoge, “I thank your lofty virtue.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “No need to be polite. It was also through coincidence that I came to meet the senior of your sect. As for that, it has to do with another power of your Royal Reed Sea.”

Zhang Qiansong raised his brows, “Oh? Which one?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “The Radiant Light Sect.”

Zhang Qiansong instantly snorted coldly, “Radiant Light Sect, huh!”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Do not misunderstand. My sect and I do not have any ties with the Radiant Light Sect. On the contrary, there is enmity between us.”

“Do you have impressions of the names Deng Sen, Sun Hao, Liu Feng, Yang Zhanhua and Jin Jie?”

Zhang Qiansong was taken aback, “All of them are Martial Saint Elders of the Radiant Light Sect, two being of their direct lineage with the other two being guest Elders. How would this Zhang not have heard of them before? Amongst them, Deng Sen is a fourth level Martial Saint expert. Placed in the entire Royal Reed Sea, he can be considered a widely known figure.”

Yan Zhaoge flashed his teeth in a smile, “Hasn’t your sect felt that you haven’t heard any news about them in a while?”

Zhang Qiansong was stunned as he only reacted after a while, his expression even more shocked, “They are dead? It is related to your sect?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Actually, there should still be three more third level Martial Saints, just that I do not know what their names were. Also, they only just died not long ago. Your sect may not have received news of it yet.”

Zhang Qiansong sucked in a cold breath, “Can I ask what sect you hail from?”