Chapter 628: Killing A Martial Saint

HSSB628: Killing a Martial Saint

As Yan Zhaoge’s palm descended, Yang Zhaozhen pushed his hands upwards simultaneously, just barely managing to resist it such that he was not instantly condemned to death!

However, as he parried Yan Zhaoge’s palm, all the bones of Yang Zhaozhen’s entire body crackled with a mighty boom!

There seemed to be an unquantifiable amount of fine steel breaking apart and collapsing together.

All the acupoints of Yang Zhaozhen’s body were trembling as a great amount of terrifying green flames spewed out from within.

However, just having lit up, the fiery green light would instantly be extinguished once more.

A muffled boom resounded as Yang Zhaozhen’s body shrunk in his entirety, his knees having fallen limp by this heaven-overturning palm of Yan Zhaoge’s as he very nearly collapsed onto them!

He howled wildly, the terrifying qi and blood of his entire body erupting as he wanted to stand tall.

Yet, the pressure from up above made it such that the taller he stood, the more and more bent and distorted his entire skeleton became.

Yang Zhaozhen wanted to bear it straight on, but he was completely unable to bear it at all. If he insisted on doing so, his entire skeleton would be crushed into dust.

Whilst pressuring Yang Zhaozhen with a palm, as Yan Zhaoge looked at his face that was already bloated red with all its blood vessels bulging, he smiled as he now raised his other hand.

Beneath Yang Zhaozhen’s despairing gaze, Yan Zhaoge simultaneously executed the Cyclic Heavenly Palm with both his palms, descending straight for him.

With a ‘boom’, explosions audibly resounded within Yang Zhaozhen’s body!

Next came the continuous breaking of muscles and bones which resounded non-stop by their ears.

Yang Zhaozhen opened his mouth, yet could not utter even a sound as a great amount of fresh blood just spewed out of his mouth.

All the blood of his entire body seemed to have been squeezed out now, emerging from all the pores of his body as he was dyed completely into a man of blood.

His skeleton shattered completely, his internal organs reduced entirely to a pool of blood.

Without anything to control it, the green stone fire began blazing within Yang Zhaozhen’s own body.

Within the Myriad Dragon Palace, Yan Zhaoge calmly retracted his palm, watching Yang Zhaozhen’s body disintegrate before him as blood and fire scattered in all directions.

Elsewhere, the Imperious Cold Martial Armour was still in conflict with the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear. Yan Zhaoge no longer paid them any heed, allowing them to battle on as they liked. It would still be within the Myriad Dragon Palace. Even if the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear possessed rationality of its own, it would still not be able to escape from the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Yan Zhaoge turned and pushed open the great gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace, walking out from within as he gazed at the people of Labour Wind City down below.

Those within the city all had their gazes focused on the rampantly hovering Myriad Dragon Palace overhead as well.

There was no one at all who was not concerned about the result of the battle between Yan Zhaoge and Yang Zhaozhen within.

While Yang Zhaozhen had been beaten into retreat earlier, from their innate respect towards Martial Saints, everyone still felt vaguely uneasy within their hearts.

Still, now seeing a perfectly calm Yan Zhaoge casually push open the great gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace and emerge from within, everyone clearly knew the results of this battle.

As a Martial Grandmaster, Yan Zhaoge had surpassed levels to slay the Martial Saint expert, the Phoenix Bearing General of the Grand Xuan Dynasty ‘Fire Roc’ Yang Zhaozhen!

Not only was this Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster above them ridiculously young, his cultivation base was even connected to the heavens and the earth as he arrogantly presided over all.

It was still fine for Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu, but everyone else could not help but feel at a loss.

The Dim Darkness Sect’s Zhang Qiansong was currently staring dumbfounded at Yan Zhaoge who stood within the air, unable to utter even a single word.

In having heard Yan Zhaoge mentioning the deaths of the experts of the Radiant Light Sect previously, while Zhang Qiansong had felt shocked, the information had not been completely verified at the end of the day.

Also, from Zhang Qiansong’s understanding of things, that should have been the work of the seniors of Yan Zhaoge’s sect.

As Zhang Qiansong had thought, Yan Zhaoge was already a blessed genius for having entered the Martial Grandmaster realm at such a young age.

Never would he have guessed that Yan Zhaoge had actually already attained the tenth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm, the Transcending Mortality stage.

It was even more unlikely a thought that Yan Zhaoge might actually be powerful enough to mightily slay the Martial Saint expert Yang Zhaozhen.

The process was not complex, but Zhang Qiansong was wide-eyed and tongue-tied, unable to speak for a long time.

Such an age, such a cultivation base, such strength-Zhang Qiansong could not think of a second person in the entire Royal Reed Sea who could match that.

Amongst the elite descendants of his Dim Darkness Sect, the Grand Xuan Dynasty and the Radiant Light Sect, it was impossible to find a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster who was not yet even thirty.

He could not think of one at the current time. Retracing the history of the various sects, Zhang Qiansong could still not recall such a dazzling figure, at least off hand.

Yan Zhaoge kept the Myriad Dragon Palace, descending onto the ground whereupon he smiled towards Zhang Qiansong, “I have directly slain that Yang Zhaozhen. Your sect won’t mind, right? I am unaware if your sect has any other arrangements regarding him in the Phoenix Bearing Region.”

Awakening with a jolt, Zhang Qiansong said emotionally, “All the Xuan dogs deserve the fate of extermination. Our sect naturally has no objections to Mister Yan having slain him.”

As he regained his wits now, his gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge involuntarily blazed with enthusiasm.

Now, Zhang Qiansong truly felt that there was a pressing need for his Dim Darkness Sect to join forces with Yan Zhaoge and the sect that stood behind him.

The Wei Family Manor had already descended into chaos.

Those of the Wei Family who had previously been reluctant to act against Yan Zhaoge, Zhao Qiansong and the others were feeling restless, yet also dared not move closer to them as they all just appeared awkward.

The Patriarch Wei Yunchang was silent as no glow could be seen within his eyes at all.

Even Wei Lang who had previously been imprisoned and had now been released was watching all this dazedly, resembling an inanimate wooden puppet.

“Mister Yan, you see…” Zhang Qiansong observed Yan Zhaoge’s expression, the latter just casually shrugging, “Your sect can just deal with it. I did not mean to make a move in the first place. It was simply some having come to seek their own ends.”

Saying thus, Yan Zhaoge leisurely returned to his room.

Looking at Wei Yunchang and Wei Lang, Zhang Qiansong sighed.

Yan Zhaoge indeed wasn’t concerned about the Dim Darkness Sect and how to deal with the Wei Family.

Comparatively speaking, Yang Zhaozhen was much more important than them. Still, Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t have shown him any mercy.

Soon, the people of the Dim Darkness Sect dispatched to collect Zhang Qiansong arrived.

Zhang Qiansong immediately explained Yan Zhaoge’s situation. Upon hearing it, all his fellow disciples instantly stared till their eyeballs bulged, their mouths hanging wide open in shock.

The group hurriedly notified the Dim Darkness Sect’s highest figure of authority who was active in the Phoenix Bearing Region, an Elder of the second level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Merging Avatar stage, whose name was Wang Wenming.

Wang Wenming had originally been in the midst of a standstill with Yang Zhaozhen. For the past few days, he had been feeling puzzled on why the latter had suddenly disappeared. Who knew that the news he would next receive would be the notification of Yang Zhaozhen’s death.

What left him even more shocked followed. Yang Zhaozhen had actually been slain bare-handedly by a Martial Grandmaster expert!

This caused Wang Wenming to leap up in fright. Having battled with Yang Zhaozhen many times before, he naturally knew that Yang Zhaozhen possessed a low-grade Sacred Artifact, the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear. With spear and man becoming one, for Wang Wenming who did not possess an accompanying Sacred Artifact, he had been unable to obtain victory over him in their few battles thus far.

Now, someone was telling him that Yang Zhaozhen had been slain by a Martial Grandmaster?

Wang Wenming’s first reaction was to doubt it.

Afterwards, hearing that that Martial Grandmaster also possessed a Sacred Artifact, he sighed in relief, nodding slightly, “It is no wonder then…wait, that’s also wrong!”

Even if he possessed a Sacred Artifact, having managed to disregard Yang Zhaozhen’s Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear, the Martial Saint Yang Zhaozhen had still been slain by just this Martial Grandmaster! No wonder in blazes!

Even the deeply experienced Wang Wenming felt his mind throbbing for just that one instant.