Chapter 627: Coming Is Easy But Leaving Is Hard

HSSB627: Coming is easy but leaving is hard

While the humiliation and rage within Yang Zhaozhen’s heart had reached a peak, his mind immediately calmed down completely at this moment.

While he was feeling incomparably humiliated such that it was extremely difficult to accept, he was currently clearly aware of the truth.

He was not Yan Zhaoge’s opponent.

Even while he had the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Sabre, the youth behind him also had an accompanying Sacred Artifact.

If he continued to fight it out to the end, there would only be one result, which was him dying at Yan Zhaoge’s hands. There was no other possibility that existed!

If there had been even just the hope of dragging them both down into death together, the fierce, brutal Yang Zhaozhen would still have headed into a deathmatch without question. Still, being well aware that he had no chance of winning at all, after calming down, he instantly decided to retreat.

Looking upwards, Yan Zhaoge saw Yang Zhaozhen who had been sent flying by his palm, rather than stabilising his figure, instead making use of the momentum to fly backwards in retreat, fleeing into the distance.

The green flames were retracted, white light expanding which seemed to transform into wings as Yang Zhaozhen directly fled into the distance.

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Coming is easy but leaving is hard.”

Endless roars of dragons resounded within the air, a massive palace appearing before everyone’s eyes.

Numerous dragons of light rampaged between the heavens and the earth, a majestic, authoritative force shocking and intimidating the surrounding area.

Gazing shockedly over, Yang Zhaozhen saw that palace that was completely jet-black in colour, flickering with a golden radiance as innumerable sigils were evidently visible on its external walls.

Numerous streams of golden cloud qi suffused the air, transforming into a sea of clouds which directly enveloped the horizon, completely concealing the area surrounding Labour Wind City.

Yang Zhaozhen was not an inexperienced person. Therefore, having clearly seen the palace that had appeared before him, he felt even more shocked than the spectators of the battle.

While every single brick and tile of this massive palace seemed to be no different from ordinary materials, they actually seemed to be pieced out of numerous dragon bones as well as scales!

Every brick and tile of the entire palace was worth as much as a city, also possessing incredible power!

Congregated together, they displayed limitless authority and might such that apart from the Martial Saint Yang Zhaozhen, all other living lifeforms in the surrounding five thousand kilometres would feel an unconscious urge to bow down in subservience to this airborne dragon palace upon looking at it.

Amidst the numerous layers of auspicious clouds and draconic authority, there vaguely seemed to be true dragons concealed within the palace, yet having the domineering aura of loftily presiding over all under the heavens as the overlord of all things.

As the door of the palace opened, a powerful suction force was emitted from within, numerous patterns of light flickering within as they formed a wild current, sweeping Yang Zhaozhen within.

Greatly shocked, Yang Zhaozhen hurriedly wielded the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear and unleased his strength to resist the terrifying capturing force of the Myriad Dragon Palace.

From the corner of his eye, he noticed Yan Zhaoge taking to the air, flying over towards him. His face livid, he raised his wrist as a streak of fiery green light shot into the horizon.

The fiery light wanted to explode within the air, but the surrounding space suddenly turned dark.

Yang Zhaozhen’s pupils abruptly retracted as the sky above his head was enveloped by darkness, soundless and undetectable, without light and without brightness as the green flames were directly devoured by the darkness.

The next moment, the sound of rumbling thunder resounded amidst the darkness.

The pale white light of thunder lit up, seeming like the first streak of bright light born within eternity.

The thunderbolts exploded, streaks of tragic white thunder mightily descending towards Yang Zhaozhen from overhead.

A helpless Yang Zhaozhen could only raise his Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Lance to painstakingly resist the mighty blow from Yan Zhaoge’s Thunder of Eternal Night.

Yan Zhaoge arrived before Yang Zhaozhen neither hurriedly nor slowly. He laughed upon seeing him, next striking out with another palm.

Yang Zhaozhen’s eyeballs were on the verge of imploding, yet he had no way to evade it at all as he was sent flying by Yan Zhaoge with a single palm once more, flying into the Myriad Dragon Palace.

The great gate of the palace shut with a boom, intense shaking rapidly occurring within.

After having sent Yang Zhaozhen within the Myriad Dragon Palace with his palm, Yan Zhaoge was not in a rush to enter himself as he instead turned to look at the other experts of the Grand Xuan.

Originally, following their initial shock, these Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners had all unconsciously rushed forward, wanting to reinforce Yang Zhaozhen and surround Yan Zhaoge.

However, the situation had instantly changed with the appearance of the Myriad Dragon Palace that had directly imprisoned and suppressed Yang Zhaozhen.

Many of these Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners were Martial Grandmasters, usually being vicious people who could rampage and act uninhibitedly wherever they went.

However, as Yan Zhaoge’s gaze swept across them now, a chill swept across all their bodies as even their bodies and limbs felt numb.

Even the Martial Saint Yang Zhaozhen who usually reigned supreme over the Phoenix Bearing Region was not Yan Zhaoge’s match. All of them truly felt it hard to keep from trembling unrepressedly now.

Yan Zhaoge flicked his sleeve, a thousand jade green light dragons roaring into existence, instantly sweeping between the heavens and the earth!

The numerous green dragons rampaged between the heavens and the earth, sweeping through the party of Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners.

The gloomy sword-light instantly left the entire Labour Wind City amidst a state of icy coldness.

Not just the Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners, even the Elders of the Wei Family who had accompanied Wei Yunsheng here this time were all slaughtered by Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light!

With the swishing of Yan Zhaoge’s sleeve, the sword-light was all retracted as he then strode leisurely into the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Just having entered the palace, all-encompassing green fire immediately surged.

Amidst the sea of flames, Yang Zhaozhen’s face was sunken as water as he glared unforgivingly at Yan Zhaoge.

Now that it was already a crucial moment of life and death for him, Yang Zhaozhen abandoned all thoughts of fleeing as he attacked towards Yan Zhaoge with all his might.

There was only one path ahead of him now. Either he slew his way to freedom or he would die without a site of burial!

Amidst the green sea of flames, golden light surged as a great roc flew outwards, shooting towards Yan Zhaoge.

Seven Fowl Treasured Spear, Great Roc Treasured Spear!

Not as nimble and agile as the White Crane Treasured Spear, yet swifter, fiercer and more violent!

The great roc spread its wings, green flames instantly arising alongside the edges of these golden wings that enveloped the heavens and covered the earth!

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, extending his palm and executing the Cyclic Heavenly Seal once more.

The green flames were instantly extinguished, the great roc emitting a mournful wail as golden light exploded within the Myriad Dragon Palace, specks of light drifting away resembling the scattering descent of numerous fowl feathers atop the ground.

The icy ocean that shrouded him within which numerous ice dragons roared was even stronger as it was surrounded by the dragon qi of the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Garbed in the Imperious Cold Martial Armour, Yan Zhaoge reached out, directly grabbing the shaft of Yang Zhaozhen’s Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear.

The tip of the spear was right before Yan Zhaoge, who could even feel the biting coldness and the fiery restlessness merged together alongside that sharp blade.

However, the shaft of the spear was caught firmly where it was, unable to easily move a single inch.

Yan Zhaoge looked calmly at the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear before him as well as Yang Zhaozhen who was close at hand as he smiled slightly.

The Imperious Cold Martial Armour on Yan Zhaoge instantly transformed into an ice dragon, moving along Yan Zhaoge’s arm to wind its way around the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear.

Majestic radiance lit up about the shaft of the spear, a dark-feathered great roc extending its wings and soaring high amidst the radiance as the majestic force swept along numerous frenzied waves.

However, swept along by the ice dragon, the radiance instantly dimmed.

A layer of frost condensed about the surface of the jet-black spear that flickered with a golden light.

With a wave of Yan Zhaoge’s hand, the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear flew over from Yang Zhaozhen’s hands, coming before him along with the Imperious Cold Martial Armour.

The two Sacred Artifacts were filled with spirituality as well as momentous power. As they entangled and clashed now, even without their owners, they still fought a heaven-shaking, earth-overturning battle within the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Yet, there was only despair on Yang Zhaozhen’s face.

With the Imperious Cold Martial Armour having detained the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear, Yan Zhaoge did not cease in his footsteps as he continued striking towards Yang Zhaozhen with a single palm!

The heavens and earth before Yang Zhaozhen’s eyes seemed to have combined into a single line at this moment.

Then, amidst that single blurred line that was the extremes of the heavens and the earth, a single palm squeezed through, growing bigger and bigger as it seemed to have replaced the existences of the heavens and the earth, all within the world having vanished as only this one palm remained!

The sun and the moon were lustreless, as though an ancient divine mountain of primordial times had been lifted by a peerless Divine King, next being smashed down onto Yang Zhaozhen’s head!