Chapter 636: Where There Are Crises There Are Also Opportunities

HSSB636: Where there are crises there are also opportunities

Separating space, the all-encompassing blazing fire formed an independent domain that separated the Flourishing Peace Region from the outside world, a completely independent space being formed.

Immediately, streams of black qi shot into the air with the branch altar of the Dim Darkness Sect as the centre, transforming into the infinite darkness of the night sky which devoured the fiery light, returning peace to the world.

At the highest region of the branch altar, Wu Zixiu, the First Seat Elder of the Dim Darkness Sect’s Non-Brightness Hall had a grave expression on his face as he raised his head, gazing into the sky.

After having discovered it to be Lord Protector Zheng, he knew that the other party was not here over Yan Zhaoge’s slaying of the Phoenix Bearing General, Yang Zhaozhen.

Firstly, while Yang Zhaozhen was a Martial Saint expert and a general of a region, this did not warrant one of the top five experts of the Grand Xuan Dynasty coming to seek vengeance for him.

Secondly, not only was Marquis Haicheng who backed Yang Zhaozhen not close with Lord Protector Zheng, the two of them were even politically opposed. Marquis Haicheng was a staunch supporter and confidante of King Xuanmu, the current King of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

If Marquis Haicheng had wanted to find a helper, it was not Lord Protector Zheng he would have found.

Having personally come to the Flourishing Peace Region this time, Lord Protector Zheng was specifically here to act against their Dim Darkness Sect.

Realising this point, the hearts of Wu Zixiu, Nie Sheng and the other Dim Darkness Sect experts all sunk.

The matter of their sect preparing for the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual had still been leaked in the end, even having attracted a great enemy.

It was instead Yan Zhaoge’s group who had been affected by this, being trapped in the Flourishing Peace Region as they were embroiled in their conflict.

It was just that thinking of how they had originally intended to send Yan Zhaoge due to being unable to find out his background, yet how he would now be stuck at the door by the Grand Xuan Dynasty, Wu Zixiu could not help but smile bitterly.

This Grand Elder of the Dim Darkness Sect felt greatly uncomfortable, just feeling as if nothing was going his way at all.

Things having come to this point, Wu Zixiu could only first activate the grand formation of the branch altar before beginning to battle it out with Lord Protector Zheng who was attacking.

As a fifth level Martial Saint of the mid Seeing Divinity stage, Wu Zixiu’s cultivation base was lower than Lord Protector Zheng’s. However, with the assistance of the local grand formation, he still possessed sufficient strength to battle him.

The two powerful forces clashed between the heavens and the earth, with the branch altar of the Dim Darkness Sect being concealed amidst great darkness most of the time.

From time to time, though, the night sky would suddenly be broken through by a flash of fiery light.

The fiery light would be gone in a flash, darkness resuming between the heavens and the earth. Yet, fiery light would quickly light up once more in another direction.

Returning within the branch altar of the Dim Darkness Sect, as Yan Zhaoge felt the intensely clashing forces between the heavens and the earth, he fell into deep thought.

Ah Hu said with a bitter expression on his face, “Young Master, we have also been drawn into their conflict. What are we to do now? If the Dim Darkness Sect’s branch altar falls here, the Grand Xuan Dynasty definitely wouldn’t mind taking care of us along with them.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed upwards into the sky, “There shouldn’t be a problem for the time being. Still, as yet more time passes, this would be hard to say.”

Due to currently preparing for some sort of ceremony, the guardian grand formation of this branch altar of the Dim Darkness Sect was currently not in a normal state.

Forcibly circulating it to stand against an expert like the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s Lord Protector Zheng under such circumstances, as more time passed, he would definitely see through and make use of it.

Feng Yunsheng pondered as she said, “Having received news earlier that the current Xuan King left his capital and went personally on conquest, we suspected that he might have some backing.”

“Logically speaking, an expert like Lord Protector Zheng should be acting alongside King Xuanmu in a concentration of their forces. Yet, he has separated from their main army and come here. This seems to verify our guess in some way, demonstrating the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s great confidence.”

As he pondered, Yan Zhaoge said, “However the Royal Reed Sea and its other powers deal with this, this tribulation will already not be easy for the Dim Darkness Sect.”

Ah Hu asked seriously upon hearing his words, “Young Master, does this mean that the main altar of the Dim Darkness Sect may be unsafe as well?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “The location of the Dim Darkness Sect’s main altar has always been mysterious and indiscernible. Still, the Grand Xuan Dynasty having come so ferociously this time, they should be rather confident of their success.”

“If I do not see wrongly, this ceremony that the Dim Darkness Sect is preparing is not unimportant at all, its scale being great. I suspect that the branch altar is merely coordinating a part of the ceremony with its core being at the main altar.”

“Like this, with the main altar and its branch altars all working together in concert, the Grand Xuan Dynasty might thus make use of this chance to extend their claws.”

Ah Hu said exasperatedly, “Why doesn’t the Grand Xuan Dynasty go find trouble with the Radiant Light Sect? The headquarters of the Radiant Light Sect is so easy to find, so why did they just have to come find trouble here at the Dim Darkness Sect…”

Ah Hu suddenly stopped talking, a look of realisation surfacing within his gaze as he looked at Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge smiled towards him, indicating that he was right.

Ah Hu instantly felt pained.

Exchanging glances, the trio knew not whether they should laugh or cry.

Due to the Extreme Yin Crown and the Extreme Yang Seal, the Radiant Light Sect had been focusing a part of its attention on the Eight Extremities World in recent days, entering a dispute with Broad Creed Mountain.

It was to the extent that its actions in the Royal Reed Sea had been comparatively more low key than that by the Dim Darkness Sect and the other powers.

Meanwhile, the Dim Darkness Sect had been exceptionally active in its subversive actions in recent years. Like this, it was only natural that it had become the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s target.

While the Dim Darkness Sect’s main altar was indeed much better concealed than the Radiant Light Sect’s home base, having managed to find it this time, it was also a rare chance as all they needed to do was get rid of it to decimate the entire Dim Darkness Sect.

Moreover, the ceremony the Dim Darkness Sect was currently planning for was clearly exceptional. As it would be detrimental to the Grand Xuan Dynasty if they succeeded, they had naturally become an important target this time.

Looking at the branch altar of the Dim Darkness Sect before him, Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes into slits, “Crisis, danger. Where there are crises there are also opportunities…”

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before saying, “You lot enter the Myriad Dragon Palace first.”

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Pan-Pan went inside as asked.

Currently, many major battles had already erupted in the air above the Dim Darkness Sect’s branch altar.

In the sky that was filled with flames suddenly appeared a massive hole in space from which a jet black spear struck outwards.

That spear was incomparably massive as just a single speck of its glow seemed to envelop the entire heavens and earth. As it descended, seven treasured lights shone together, seven great divine birds dancing within the air.

There were a phoenix, an azure luan, a great roc, a peacock, a white crane, a swan and an owl.

As they flew, sigils inscribed themselves within space, seemingly having existed since ancient times.

Empty fire, stone fire, wood fire, Samadhi fire, mortal fire-these five fires combined and merged, driving forth that terrifying spear in striking down towards the Dim Darkness Sect’s branch altar!

This was different from Yang Zhaozhen who had only executed the Great Roc Treasured Spear and the White Crane Treasured Spear with stone fire back then.

This was a direct lineage supreme martial art of the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the truly complete Fire Fires True Art and Seven Fowl Treasured Spear exemplifying miraculous, ultimate power.

Beneath that spear, even the very space itself was incinerated and destroyed.

Facing this spear, Wu Zixiu’s expression was solemn to the extreme as he struck simultaneously with his palms, pushing them horizontally upwards.

The boundless darkness seemed to have transformed into a massive vortex that entangled the descending spear, resembling a black hole as it unceasingly whittled away at its destructive power.

Meanwhile, other Dim Darkness Sect experts with Nie Sheng at their head were also engaged in a vicious battle against the Grand Xuan Dynasty experts who had come with Lord Protector Zheng.

Amongst all those Martial Saints, there were even some Seeing Divinity Martial Saints, the terrifying power they exhibited virtually sufficient to flip the heavens and overturn the earth.

It was with the stability of the World beyond World’s spiritual qi and its firm dimensional boundaries that it remained intact. Were it the Eight Extremities World or the Vast Ocean World, such worlds would have been ripped completely apart as soon as both sides began to clash.

Yan Zhaoge inhaled deeply, directly equipping the Imperious Cold Martial Armour with numerous ice dragons hovering and coiling about his body’s surface.

He leapt upwards, heading for the highest region of the Dim Darkness Sect’s branch altar.