Chapter 644: Cold Sun Divine Sabre

HSSB644: Cold Sun Divine Sabre

Within the Myriad Dragon Hall, scattered ice-blue sunlight and jet-black moonlight still rained downwards in the form of specks of light, Yan Zhaoge being baptised amidst them.

Raising his head upwards, he saw Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu both seated in the meditative position. Even Pan-Pan was not lying prone on the ground as he usually did as he was in an upright position.

Black water and white fire coiled and danced about Pan-Pan.

The ice-blue sunlight entangled with the white flames while the jet-black moonlight integrated and merged with the black flows of water.

Within Yan Zhaoge’s field of vision, Pan-Pan was virtually growing at a speed that was distinctly visible to the naked eye.

While Yan Zhaoge knew that this chubby c would still be able to shrink back down after this, looking at his body that was gradually becoming like a mountain, the corners of his mouth still involuntarily twitched.

…If not for the Myriad Dragon Palace containing spaces of its own, with these changes, it probably wouldn’t be able to contain the current Pan-Pan.

Ah Hu was seated in the meditative position, streams of dragon qi emitted from the acupoints of his entire body which combined with the light of the surrounding cold moon and dim sun.

These past days, as Ah Hu had trained in the Myriad Dragon Palace, the accumulation of essence and qi had already not been a problem at all for him.

Now that he was absorbing the power of reversed sun and moon, it was more for baptising his body to raise his physique, thereby attaining a more solid foundation for his future cultivation efforts.

Meanwhile, the situation was a little different for Feng Yunsheng.

There was mainly only the power of reversed moon, the light of the dim moon that remained within the Myriad Dragon Palace.

The power of the ice-blue cold sun had been mostly absorbed by that black sabre of Feng Yunsheng’s.

As its owner, her connection with that black sabre became even closer as a result as a large amount of that power of cold sun was also refined and sent into her body.

Now, runes that unceasingly flickered with a dim, icy light also surfaced on the exterior of her body.

As her eyes opened, blue light was visible within her pupils as they resembled two rising cold suns.

Coming before Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge looked downwards at that black sabre of hers and felt the concept within before he slowly shook his head, “From the looks of it, that treasure containing the Rahu’s power of eclipse was destroyed in a tribulation, yet was not extinguished. It only lost its current form with its aura having scattered all around.”

“This sabre was born from the remnant shell of the Sacred Artifact of the Rahu Star. While its power turned weak, its foundations still remain as it can affect the remnant aura left behind by that Sacred Artifact.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “With the help of this sabre, absorbing the power of corrosion that was scattered and refining it once more with the Dim Glorious Devilish Qi, perhaps there is a chance of restoring what was once lost.”

Feng Yunsheng sat there unmoving, silently circulating her profound art to refine the power of cold sun that had been absorbed into her body.

Looking at the sabre she was holding, she sighed, “Something like the Extreme Yang Seal and the Extreme Yin Crown? Rahu…Sabre?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Perhaps that was its name in the past. Still, following that past tribulation as well as its refinement of the power of cold sun today, it has already been reborn twice. It probably won’t be very happy still being called the Rahu Sabre.”

Feng Yunsheng remained unmoving in a seating position as she lightly brandished the black sabre that flickered with a dim-blue lustre, “That is true. I’ll call it ‘Cold Sun’ from now on then.”

“Cold Sun Divine Sabre?” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “That’s pretty good.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled, “Is there a trademark on the word ‘Divine’?”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “For some reason, this sabre faced a tribulation that year and became somewhat miraculous following its rebirth. If it continues growing, the Rahu Sabre of its previous life might even be incomparable to it. Even I am anticipating seeing its future growth somewhat.”

Looking at the Cold Sun Divine Sabre she was holding, Feng Yunsheng suddenly smiled, “The Radiant Light Sect now has something else they will pay attention to.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “They can’t just ignore it. This sabre is precisely that bane of that Nong Yuxuan.”

At this point, Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “That guy has probably already collected most of the remnant Dim Glorious Devilish Qi that scattered from the Rahu Sabre that year. It is only a matter of time, with him only having currently refined a small portion of it.”

Feng Yunsheng pondered as she said, “That is why his cultivation deviation was so serious this time. It wasn’t only the Dim Glorious Devilish Qi he refined from which he suffered a backlash. Even some power of corrosion that he had still yet to refine wreaked havoc within him.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right, it is precisely so.”

He stroked his lower chin, “In having urgently come to the World beyond Worlds before waiting for the recovery of the Extreme Yang Seal this time, a considerable part of it was in order to prevent the Rahu Sabre, or rather a large amount of its power from falling under the Radiant Light Sect’s grasp.”

“From the looks of it now, that worry was indeed not unfounded. While the Rahu Sabre has collapsed, most of its power is currently in the hands of Nong Yuxuan.”

“If he is given sufficient time and refines most of that power, he should be able to suppress and control it at the very least. It wouldn’t be so easy for the Cold Sun Divine Sabre to counter him then.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Now, there is still a chance.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “He will be very careful next time. Us having exposed our tracks here, the Radiant Light Sect will definitely try to capture us on a large scale following this. This is the World beyond Worlds where the experts are as numerous as the clouds. Even with the Grand Xuan Dynasty and the Dim Darkness Sect drawing their attention, the Radiant Light Sect should still be able to dispatch many experts over.”

“Let them get through this wave of counterattacks by the Grand Xuan Dynasty first,” Yan Zhaoge said.

Before this, the Radiant Light Sect, the Dim Darkness Sect, the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Copper Men Island had joined hands, rising up in revolt against the Grand Xuan Dynasty together. With their numerous experts, the Grand Xuan Dynasty had only been able to stay on the defensive amidst an unstable reign where massive upheaval seemed set to come to their world.

Now, however, Shen Lingzi’s lineage had suddenly remerged, shocking the entire Royal Reed Sea.

Of those who had revealed themselves in this battle, there were already two experts of the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm, they who had already ascended the Immortal Bridge!

The one who had seemed young yet had an old gaze as he had attacked the main altar of the Dim Darkness Sect was the first.

The one who had an old appearance but a young gaze as he had been battling against the Chief of the Radiant Light Sect Luo Zhitao earlier was the second.

If not for Luo Zhitao having brought along his sect’s top treasure, the high-grade Sacred Artifact known as the Sun Moon Wheels, he might have perished beneath that old man’s sword earlier.

Such experts having surfaced within this world, the Grand Xuan Dynasty had instantly overcome their previous deficient momentum. After this, they would definitely be launching a counterattack.

They had attacked the Dim Darkness Sect first because it was concealed and hard to find. If they did not attack during the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual, there would really not be a better time for it at all.

Following this battle, the Radiant Light Sect, the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Copper Men Island all had chances of becoming the next attack target of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Unlike the main altar of the Dim Darkness Sect, the headquarters of the Radiant Light Sect were laid out right there for all to see.

Ah Hu exited his meditation now as he looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Young Master, that Shen Lingzi’s lineage really is a little too loyal. They helped King Xuanwen to sweep through his heavens back then, the Grand Xuan attaining an empire with that and leaving it nothing of their business. Now that the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s rule is unstable, they have no thoughts of replacing them as they are still helping King Xuanwen’s descendants.”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was rather deep and distant, “Either they are indeed loyal or they have some other goal, their aspirations lying elsewhere.”

Others might not be able to tell, but with just a single glance at the Time Flowing Sword, Yan Zhaoge had been able to see through its background.

If one said that Kang Jinyuan’s sword dao was still insufficient, he could already be certain of it from looking at the martial arts of the old man who had been battling Luo Zhitao.

That was a martial art derived from the concept of the direct lineage Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

Like the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture, it was another of the ultimate martial arts amongst the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures.

The Five Fires True Art and Seven Fowl Treasured Spear of the Grand Xuan Dynasty could only be considered as having been born from the side. The Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture, however, was truly born of the pure Jade Clear Lineage.