Chapter 655: Accruing A Great Debt Of Gratitude

HSSB655: Accruing a great debt of gratitude

“Four breaths of time…” Yan Zhaoge put his hands on his knees, tapping them lightly, “The initial progression is the fastest. It should be able to reach five breaths very quickly or even greater.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “I am attempting to make a breakthrough into the Martial Grandmaster realm. Following this bottleneck, it will not be a problem to double the time I can currently support it for.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, you have to grasp that yourself.”

Ah Hu scratched his head, asking, “Young Master, will that Kang Jinyuan and that other person be able to escape alive from the power of the grand formation?”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “It’s not a sure thing. It will depend on their methods or whether anyone saves them.”

“That guy is at the third level of the Martial Saint realm after all, with a mid-grade Sacred Artifact that he can wield to the fullest. Other than with the help of the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation, it would not be easy to break through his defence outside. If we brought him along, it would take much effort to suppress him and I wouldn’t be able to do all my other stuff.”

“I’ve left him a chance. Whether he lives or dies will have to depend on his own luck.”

Ah Hu scratched his head upon hearing his words, “If he really does not die and mentions your questioning of him today, will they guess that you are also investigating Miss Sikong’s secret?”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Regardless of that, they would still find trouble for me anyhow.”

Ah Hu grinned, “Young Master, while that Kang Jinyuan still seems like a brat, he should already be rather old, right?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “He indeed isn’t young. Still, he should still be considered very young for an expert of the late Merging Avatar stage.”

“His martial talent is unordinary, and he should have a great amount of treasures and resources allocated to him as well with his cultivation thus progressing very quickly. Still, there is a problem which lies with the martial arts that he cultivates in.”

Yan Zhaoge slowly explained, “The martial arts that he cultivates in are very powerful, being on a higher tier of power from the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s Five Fire True Art, the supreme legacies of the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect or even the North Sea Sword Pavilion’s martial arts.”

“Also, the martial arts that he cultivates in deeply delve into the profundities of the variations of time. Having cultivated to a certain extent, he will even be able to control the changes caused by time on his body somewhat.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge say this, Ah Hu blinked, “Then, if he slows the rate of time about his body, won’t he be immortal?”

“That would require a very high level of power. He is still far from it,” Yan Zhaoge said, “Still, in the process of cultivation, increasing the flow of time around oneself, while only one day may have passed in the outside world, two or three days could already have passed for him.”

“The effects of this would be equivalent to going into another world where the flow of time is quicker to cultivate.”

However fast time flowed, cultivation was still established upon one’s body.

If one was unable to improve, they would be unable to improve. They would not breach insurmountable bottlenecks that they would originally still have been unable to surpass.

One’s longevity was related to the state of their body.

If one’s longevity did not increase, the increased rate of time would be equivalent to causing them to grow old faster, hastening them towards the end of their lives.

However, if they could continue improving, as compared to those who lived with a normal flow of time, those who cultivated in the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture would appear to rise in strength exceptionally rapidly as they seemed to improve by leaps and bounds.

The ten scriptures of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures were all legendary and miraculous, all serving limitless uses.

Ah Hu imitated Yan Zhaoge in stroking his lower chin, “From what you say, that Kang Jinyuan should be quite old already. Still, his mentality does seem more or less in sync with the age he looks like.”

Yan Zhaoge said nonchalantly, “This is not that hard to understand. It is said that humans are wise, ghosts are acute, old rabbits are no longer as easy to catch.”

“However, this does not mean that one necessarily always grows wiser with age. It just means that having lived through and seen more things, our experiences would thus be increasingly abundant.”

“A hundred-year-old man who has spent ninety years of his life unconscious-can he be as wise as someone who has lived normally through a hundred years, experiencing the vicissitudes of life and becoming used to ways of the world? Anyway, I don’t think that it’s possible.”

“Unless those ten years in which he was awake were filled with grand, magnificent, remarkable events, strange, rare things continuously cropping up throughout those ten years which normal people would not be able to experience in decades or even centuries, in which case that would still be possible. However, such situations are rare at the end of the day.”

“For us martial practitioners, if we live a hundred years and ninety of these years are spent cultivating painstakingly in a cave, our martial improvements aside, it would be no different from us having spent the last ninety years sleeping in terms of interacting with others and living in this world. Without any way to experience this, there are still only those remaining ten years that would apply.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Due to the unique characteristics of the martial arts he cultivates in, Kang Jinyuan may have a greater discrepancy in this area.”

“Of course, the main reason for this should still lie with himself, him being arrogant and the seniors of his family possibly doting on him rather too much as well.”

“The descendants of Shen Lingzi’s lineage mostly shouldn’t be like this. Otherwise, I would really suspect that the Grand Xuan Dynasty is just making use of them to kill their enemies for them.”

Yan Zhaoge curled his lips as he spoke, “Just from the current situation alone, of the Grand Xuan Dynasty and Shen Lingzi’s lineage, it is probably the latter that holds more of a leading position.”

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest laugh, “Young Master, in you having broken the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation this time, the anti-Xuan forces owe you a great debt. The North Sea Sword Pavilion will definitely remember it at the very least.”

“What do we do now? Do we head to the Grinding Hut Region?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “We should get out of the Whole Tower Region first. With me having broken the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation and helped the anti-Xuan forces out greatly, the Grand Xuan Dynasty and the Shenling Nine Swords will definitely be unwilling to let it go just like that.”

……

Not long after Yan Zhaoge had fled into the sea in the Myriad Dragon Palace, an extremely powerful and terrifying aura swept through the heavens and the earth from the north of the Whole Tower Region, heading all the way south.

The sword-light resembled tides of water as it enveloped the heavens and covered the earth, shooting over. Wherever it passed, all objects seemed to fall still.

The terrifying light pillar where the power of the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation in the Whole Tower Region was condensed was currently in the midst of exploding, terrifying tides formed which expanded into the surroundings.

The sword-light that resembled water that seemed able to freeze time solid navigated the area, finally focusing on a single point.

There, a white-clothed young man was currently pushing a youth in attempting to escape the prison of thunder and fire with all his might, barely holding on.

The sword-light that resembled water instantly turned, reinforcing them.

As the treasure on the youth that resembled a heart-protecting plate was swept along by this sword-light, it instantly unleashed great defensive power that merged with the sword-light.

The heart-protecting plate shook, seemingly returning to the embrace of its true owner.

While the thunder and fire were terrifying, the newcomer did not intend to resist it head on as they only wanted to launch a rescue from the outskirts before leaving.

The sword-light temporarily delayed the thunder and fire before bringing the two people along in immediately escaping far away.

After having gone far away from that exploding thunder and fire, the sword-light stopped, a woman appearing.

This woman appeared to be in her early thirties. Mature and beautiful, as she looked at the two people she had saved, her gaze was filled with worry as well as tenderness.

The white-robed youth’s face was pale, “Jinyuan is fine.”

The woman sighed, “It was fortunate that you risked yourself to help him, Maosheng. Otherwise, I might not have managed to make it in time.”

Kang Maosheng smiled weakly.

Kang Jinyuan was currently still in an unconscious state.

That woman stroked his face, “Rest assured, my son. Your mother will definitely take revenge for you.”

She lightly tapped the Turbid Heavenly Mirror Armour. The existence that resembled a heart-protecting plate instantly resembled a mirror as a mirror-light shot out of it, pointing into the distance.

In the Myriad Dragon Palace within the deep sea, Yan Zhaoge’s heart suddenly leapt as he vaguely felt something.