Chapter 657: True Dragon Hides Its Head Without A Trace

HSSB657: True dragon hides its head without a trace

“Could it be? He already left this region of sea earlier?”

Madame Kang’s face appeared surprised. She had carefully searched through this entire region of sea, yet had been unable to spot Yan Zhaoge’s figure at all.

There were many lifeforms in the sea. She had found numerous strange, rare things or just ordinary and average things, but she had still been unable to find what she had been looking for.

Madame Kang inhaled deeply, contacting other Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners over to help her whilst carefully searching through the region of sea before her once more.

With her having spent much time here, if Yan Zhaoge had already not been in this region of sea from the start, he should already long since be far away from here now.

His direction of escape being uncertain, there would be no meaning in her continuing to blindly pursue him.

Like this, it would still be better for her to firmly believe in her initial judgment and check the area once more, lest she have overlooked something.

Having allowed the other party to hide right beneath her very eyes and fool her-that would really be too depressing a thought.

Sadly, after having searched yet once more, she could still discover nothing.

Even the experienced Madame Kang felt at a loss at this moment as she could not but suspect that her initial judgment had been wrong all along.

“But, how did he flee?” Madame Kang raised her head, looking into the distance.

In front of her, in the depths of the broad, boundless great sea where rocks and reefs were scattered about the seabed.

Amongst the scattered rocks was an ordinary, innocuous-looking small black incense burner from which no abnormalities could be seen in the least. It was like someone had accidentally dropped it into the great sea whilst passing by on a boat. It had sunk onto the seabed, gradually being buried by sand and mud.

Over the years, this great sea had accumulated many other messy things of all kinds.

Currently, within the Earth Devouring Burner, a completely new heaven and earth had appeared before Yan Zhaoge’s eyes.

Before his eyes was an ocean that was boundless and without end. While there were no winds and tides on the ocean’s surface, it emanated a desolate feeling of death.

This was even more terrifying than shocking waves and tides. Pressured by this aura, the sea and the sky seemed to have condensed into a solid entity.

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly. Where was this place?

While the scenery before him appeared realistic, it was like a reflection within the water as ripples surfaced, shaking slightly.

Suddenly, atop the surface of the ocean that was quiet till the point of seeming solid, a great storm that shocked the heavens soundlessly arose without warning.

The hurricane swept along the seawater, shooting straight upwards into the nine heavens, resembling a heavenly pillar as it connected the dark sky and the strange ocean.

A dazzling light of electricity flickered amidst the storm, resembling dancing silvery dragons.

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes slightly, watching this scene.

Atop the originally peaceful oceanic surface, one hurricane after another that swept along the seawater as well as thunder and lightning continuously shot into the sky, ripping apart and shattering the entire space as this heaven and earth was instantly turned into a living hell.

The broad, boundless great sea was filled completely with storms and thunderbolts, lightning and seawater rampaging.

It was like the scene of a mighty calamity like the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation that was formed of nature.

Before such might of the heavens and the earth, even Seeing Divinity Martial Saints like Madame Kang appeared minuscule in comparison.

Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself, “It somewhat resembles the rumoured Endless Magnetic Storms.”

While he had not personally seen it before, the description Yan Zhaoge had read in texts was extremely similar to the scene that was currently before him.

When he had been residing in the branch altar of the Dim Darkness Sect back then, he had understood it from his conversations with some of their martial practitioners.

Within the Royal Reed Sea, there was a place that commonly had Endless Magnetic Storms rampaging, an existence resembling a nature furnace of the heavens and the earth.

There were countless dangers within such that even Martial Saints could easily perish.

This natural disaster left others feeling troubled in that it would always come without any prior warning whatsoever, coming whenever it wanted.

It would instantly devour countless lives, being hard to resist or avoid.

While that region of sea contained many rare treasures which were hard to find elsewhere, most people dared not enter deeply to search for them. Too many experts had died in this danger ground.

Even if you were a hegemon of a region, an ultra-super-genius, after having entered, your life would no longer belong to you as it would instead by grasped by the fickle heavens and the earth.

Calmly looking over, Yan Zhaoge pondered, “I heard that this is currently the period of time where the Endless Magnetic Storms are at their fiercest. There is no rush.”

In the scene before him, the Endless Magnetic Storms left as quickly as they had come, calming very quickly.

The ocean’s surface became still as a dead sea once more, not even a single ripple appearing on it.

However, having witnessed the tremendous might of the storms, Yan Zhaoge dared not belittle this quietness at all.

Now, a massive vortex suddenly appeared on the calm oceanic surface, the seawater instantly rotating as it expanded into its surroundings, revealing the land at the very bottom of the ocean.

Yan Zhaoge squinted. Carefully looking, he saw the wrecked remains of a palace erected on the seabed, with walls broken and in a state of disrepair as it appeared ancient and tragic.

While the damaged palace was not very conspicuous, it immediately drew Yan Zhaoge’s complete attention.

That strange, vast allure was hard to resist.

Yan Zhaoge could only feel like even his soul was about to be drawn into this illusory scene, drawn into that dilapidated palace.

It seemed as if that palace contained some power which could ignore the distance between space and the mind, directly drawing one who was paying attention to it right before it.

Yan Zhaoge calmed his mind, looking carefully.

There seemed to be a long, massive box within the great hall.

Around the box that was made of metal circulated a strange jet-black lustre, causing all who were looking towards it to unconsciously sink within.

There were two ancient characters inscribed on it. After identifying them, Yan Zhaoge’s face involuntarily turned rather strange.

Swallowing Heaven.

“Swallowing Heaven…Devouring Earth?” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Heh, interesting.”

The scenes before his eyes gradually vanished, all returning to darkness as there only remained a pair of indiscernible eyes before him.

Yan Zhaoge calmly met this pair of eyes.

A moment later, this pair of eyes vanished.

Yan Zhaoge mentally calculated how long it had been.

Then, his figure exited the Earth Devouring Burner, reappearing at the bottom of the sea.

“It can’t be that her gaze will just happen to sweep by just as I emerge, right,” Yan Zhaoge thought as he carefully appraised his surroundings.

He could feel martial practitioners active in the vicinity as very powerful auras could even be felt.

Still, Madame Kang was already no longer here.

As an expert of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, the Seeing Divinity stage, there were many places that needed her. She did not have the time to waste with just a Martial Grandmaster.

Even though this Martial Grandmaster possessed extremely terrifying strength, it seemed like there would be no finding him like this.

Anyway, Kang Jinyuan had not actually died to Yan Zhaoge at the end of the day.

While Madame Kang had left, she had clearly not given up on finding trouble for Yan Zhaoge.

There were Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners active in all the nearby regions of sea, keeping an eye out for Yan Zhaoge’s movements.

As soon as he was discovered, there would probably be peak experts hurrying over to deal with him.

“Still, these people won’t be able to do a thing,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, immediately beginning to move.

After subtly and intricately avoiding the numerous Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners and progressing for a while, Yan Zhaoge summoned the Myriad Dragon Palace once more, leaping within.

However, right at this moment, a powerful aura approached from the distance.

It was the sword-intent of the Time Flowing Sword that originated from the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

Yan Zhaoge was now rather sensitive to this martial art, “Hey, isn’t this too much of a coincidence?”