Chapter 656: The World Within The Earth Devouring Burner

HSSB656: The world within the Earth Devouring Burner

Yan Zhaoge’s heart leapt as he vaguely felt a sense of unease.

“There’s indeed a major crisis approaching. I wonder if it is the Grand Xuan Dynasty or the Radiant Light Sect?” Yan Zhaoge thought as he conceived of a plan.

The Northern Ocean Clone sat on the ground in the meditative position, unceasingly inhaling and exhaling the essence qi of true dragons of the Myriad Dragon Palace and the remnant power of dim moon from the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual.

Yan Zhaoge’s body shook as he left the Myriad Dragon Palace. Then, with a pinching movement on his part, the massive Myriad Dragon Palace rapidly shrunk.

At the end of it, the majestic Myriad Dragon Palace that had originally resembled a residence of divinities or a palace of the Dragon King actually became as tiny as a grain of rice.

True dragons could change their sizes at will. They would soar above the nine heavens when they were large, conceal themselves amongst the scales of a fish when tiny.

The Myriad Dragon Palace that was forged of the skeletons and bones of myriad dragons possessed such capabilities as well.

Yan Zhaoge raised his palm, a scene of chaos appearing within. Afterwards, he kept the tiny Myriad Dragon Palace directly within.

Yan Zhaoge circulated the Peerless Heavenly Scripture to the maximum, his entire body seemingly entering chaos as it became blurry and indistinct, formless and shapeless.

Yan Zhaoge did not exert force as he just drifted along with the hidden undercurrents of the deep sea.

His heart relaxed slightly as he felt the thread that had seemingly been sticking onto his body earlier snap. It was like there had been dust on his body earlier which had now been wiped away.

“What were they tracing my location with? That Kang Jinyuan doesn’t have the capabilities to leave behind a mark on my body. It looks like it was that mid-grade Sacred Artifact.”

Pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge had already understood, “It can already be considered a rather good thing amongst mid-grade Sacred Artifacts. Not only is its defensive power shocking, it has other miraculous uses as well.”

Yan Zhaoge could be certain now that this treasure did not belong to Kang Jinyuan himself. Instead, it belonged to a senior of his family.

After he had been injured from his battle with Nong Yuxuan, his seniors had been afraid of him getting into an accident again. Therefore, they had bestowed this upon him for his protection.

It had to be said that this had truly been a wise choice. Otherwise, Kang Jinyuan would long since have been stabbed to death by Yan Zhaoge with a single spear.

He drifted along with the waves. While he was indeed concealed, his speed of progression was too slow, really being very inefficient as he gradually drifted up to the sea’s surface.

Gazing back, the horizon behind him was enveloped by crimson heavenly fire and purplish-green thunderbolts, erupting with powerful lights and booms that shocked the heavens and the earth, causing people to feel a chill within their hearts.

Now, an extremely powerful sword-light traversed the fire and thunder, speeding over.

The sword-light enveloped the heavens and covered the earth. Gazing over from far away, the horizon there had become totally blurry.

All objects seemed to have turned still.

Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly, “A descendant of Shen Lingzi’s lineage, and the cultivation base isn’t low.”

He sunk into the great sea once more, soundless and without aura as he concealed himself amidst the seawater as though non-existent.

His figure seemed transparent, no noise being emitted at all as no aura was emanated and no divine will moving.

While he was already far away from the centre of the explosions of thunder and fire, whether it was the spacetime on or beneath the sea’s surface, all of it was still in a distorted, shattered state as it was like a scene from the end of the world.

While the other party’s cultivation base was high, wanting to find Yan Zhaoge who was circulating the Peerless Heavenly Scripture with everything seemingly returning to nothing in such an environment, they would be searching completely blind.

Without the help of the Turbid Heavenly Mirror Armour, she had no clues as to his location.

Madame Kang’s expression was stern as she carefully appraised the surrounding environment, calculating within her heart before she suddenly made a move.

Soft sword-light expanded, instantly turning into a massive barrier that enveloped the surrounding region of sea.

Everything within the barrier lost its lustre and turned ashen, seemingly about to wither away.

Everything within the great sea down below seemed sealed in amber, unable to move at all.

Madame Kang’s eyes were like a torch that illuminated the deep sea, shifting bit by bit as she searched carefully, not letting anything that was possibly suspicious go unnoticed.

Within the great sea, Yan Zhaoge was currently unable to move as well.

“Hmmm, this is rather a dangerous figure,” Yan Zhaoge knit his brows.

Since the other party had a method and had patience, as she continued searching like this, he would surely be exposed sooner or later.

The gaze was not sharp, just resembling an eternal existence like the river of time, flowing in an endless stream with a feeling of pressure and heaviness that could not be overcome.

The gaze scanned the various areas of the great sea bit by bit, not hurried or rushed and in an orderly fashion.

Madame Kang seemed not to be worried about Yan Zhaoge already having left this region of sea at all, not worried that her patient efforts here would allow him to be fleeing even further elsewhere.

While the Turbid Heavenly Mirror Armour was currently unable to be used, it had already pinpointed her target’s general location earlier.

With the difference in cultivation base between her and Yan Zhaoge, she was certain that she would be able to catch up with him, and he couldn’t have gone far.

Not having been able to find Yan Zhaoge after having arrived at this region of sea, she estimated that he should have concealed himself using some special methods.

While she couldn’t find Yan Zhaoge, if Yan Zhaoge made any major movements, it would not be able to fool her eyes.

Therefore, Madame Kang firmly believed that Yan Zhaoge was within this region of sea. So long as she searched carefully, she would eventually be able to find him.

This was not blind arrogance. Instead, it stemmed from her confidence and accurate grasp of her own abilities, being an answer that she had obtained after having considered every aspect.

While her deduction might not be a hundred percent accurate, there was a very low chance of something going wrong.

Therefore, Madame Kang calmed herself, carefully searching through the area as she seemed to want to look through every single drop of water in this great sea.

The terrifying gaze scanned the great sea, seeming like it was right about to scan over him.

Yan Zhaoge’s heart was like the deep sea as he maintained his calm.

He had already basically seen through that the other party was a fifth level Martial Saint, a mid Seeing Divinity stage expert.

Enemies of this stage could not be easily dealt with by the current him. Even if he could wield the Extreme Yang Seal, it would still serve limited use.

After all, he would only have enough power for a single blow, and the Extreme Yang Seal could currently only unleash the power of a mid-grade Sacred Artifact.

Moreover, while it had been reduced to a pitiable state by the thunder and fire, the Turbid Heavenly Mirror Armour in this woman’s hands was a mid-grade Sacred Artifact as well.

Yan Zhaoge thought of numerous plans before he denied and rejected them the very next instant.

Until…

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze focused as his mind vaguely entered darkness.

The Earth Devouring Burner.

Without any prior signs, Yan Zhaoge vanished entirely from the spot.

Within the great sea where he had previously been only remained a single tiny black incense burner.

Yan Zhaoge seemed to stand atop boundless darkness. As he quietly looked at the space before him that contained no light, a pair of eyes seemed to open there, meeting his gaze.

Accompanied by the growth of Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation base and his rise in power, his connection with this strange treasure had been getting increasingly stronger as well, allowing him to do many things which had not been possible before.

Such as his tangible body that possessed form having entered this Earth Devouring Burner now.

While he was unable to wield the Earth Devouring Burner to devour other things as he wanted, it was still fine for him to enter.

This place seemed to have formed an independent space of its own.

It was just that Yan Zhaoge still wasn’t sure whether this strange black incense burner could help him to evade the search of an expert of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Staring at the existence in the darkness before him that resembled pond water, he hesitated slightly for a moment before just treading within.

This was somewhere he had never set foot in before.