Chapter 654: Legendary, Miraculous Feat

HSSB654: Legendary, miraculous feat

A sword-light that resembled water flew over from the southeast, the flow of time becoming disorderly wherever it passed. It was precisely from the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture that Kang Jinyuan used, or perhaps one should say the Time Flowing Sword.

From the southwest, limitless, immeasurable radiance illuminated the area, rapidly suffusing the horizon as the image of a sun and moon flickering interchangeably could be seen with light at the helm and variations as the support. It was the Sun Moon Interchanging Art of the Radiant Light Sect that Yan Zhaoge had already become very familiar with.

The sword-light from the southeast sped up. Seeing this, Kang Jinyuan was overjoyed, “Hurry over and save me!”

His lost bravery returned to him now.

Kang Jinyuan drew on his full power to resist Yan Zhaoge’s suppression.

The sword-light that resembled a long river of time expanded, sweeping towards Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone in a counterattack.

Yan Zhaoge chuckled coldly. He simultaneously exerted force with the Northern Ocean Clone, instantly mightily sending Kang Jinyuan and the Turbid Heavenly Mirror Armour flying into that massive pillar of light together.

Kang Jinyuan howled angrily in shock and fear.

The grand formation was incomplete, having merely erupted at the Whole Tower Region.

Currently, the thunder and fire that descended from the sky had slowly lessened as the light pillar began growing unstable.

However, the earlier equilibrium was gradually broken as well as the majestic power that had been accumulated drew towards a complete eruption.

The light pillar gradually grew thicker, devouring and destroying even broader space amidst the surroundings.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge knew that he could not linger as well. Otherwise, he might be swept within the eruption of the formation’s might.

He shrugged, re-entering the Myriad Dragon Palace along with the Northern Ocean Clone before swiftly speeding away, shooting into the great sea in the distance.

The region of sea surrounding the light pillar was bubbling and surging at this moment, the very heavens and the earth seemingly overturning.

Gazing back, Yan Zhaoge saw that sword-light which resembled water that had come from the southeast stopping as it arrived nearby, the figure of a white-clothed man appearing.

That white-clothed man appeared like a youth on the surface. While his features bore a certain resemblance to Kang Jinyuan’s, he appeared much more mature and experienced than him.

“Kang Maosheng…” Kang Jinyuan had originally been crying for help, but he fell silent after he saw who it was who had come.

Looking at that terrifying light pillar which was just about to erupt and the escaping Myriad Dragon Palace in the distance, the white-clothed man sighed.

His sword-light abruptly expanded, not pursuing Yan Zhaoge as it instead descended towards that terrifying light pillar, attempting to save Kang Jinyuan from within it.

Seeing this person wield his sword, Yan Zhaoge raised his words slightly, “Oh? Whilst also a third level Martial Saint of the late Merging Avatar stage, he is much more powerful than Kang Jinyuan. It would also definitely be possible for him to challenge Nong Yuxuan one-on-one.”

Now, the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners who had been approaching from the southwest gradually ceased their approach.

The congregated power of the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation here was about to erupt completely. They dared not continue approaching it as they just remained where they were.

The person leading them appeared. He first glanced at the light pillar that shot to the heavens before his gaze fell on the Myriad Dragon Palace that was vanishing on the surface of the distant sea.

The light abruptly surged within his eyes.

Right before entering the sea, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze met this person’s.

“Oh, the man himself,” Yan Zhaoge’s expression was rather strange.

The one leading the group of Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners who had hurried here was clearly Nong Yuxuan.

Nong Yuxuan watched rather unresignedly as Yan Zhaoge and the Myriad Dragon Palace sunk into the great sea together, vanishing in an instant.

He wanted to pursue, but that terrifying light pillar before his eyes exploded completely now, all-encompassing thunder and fire completely blocking their path.

He and the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners beside him could only retreat backwards.

Nong Yuxuan had also noticed the descendant of the Time Flowing Sword, Kang Maosheng, who had just arrived. However, he had lost sight of him amidst the exploding tribulation thunder and blazing fire, finding it hard to locate him.

The Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners who had arrived together with him all looked stunned, “It really is the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation! Just that from the looks of it now, it is already as good as broken.”

“While it was just a corner of it that was destroyed, the North Sea Sword Pavilion and our leaders being prepared, they will not give the Grand Xuan Dynasty a chance to re-establish the formation so easily.”

“Without the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation, it will be extremely hard for the Grand Xuan Dynasty to break through the sword world of the Grinding Hut Region.”

“A legendary, miraculous feat! Who was the one who did it?”

Nong Yuxuan was silent for a long time before he said slowly, “I fear that it is the work of that Yan Zhaoge again.”

The Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners beside him were taken aback, “A Martial Grandmaster can possess such abilities? Even Merging Avatar Martial Saints wouldn’t have been able to do it!”

Nong Yuxuan snorted, “Let’s get out of here first.”

The light pillar had exploded completely, thunder and fire rampaging about as blazing underground fire was still spurting unceasingly down below, directly burning the local surrounding region of sea.

There was a period of time in which the northern Whole Tower Region saw a massive gap directly having opened in the sea there with no seawater visible within at all.

After a long time, accompanied by the self-restoration of the spiritual qi cycles of the heavens and the earth, the Fire Pith veins of the earth finally calmed once more.

Underground fire no longer spurted as no further fire and thunder descended from the sky as well.

The surrounding tides rose and fell, only then gradually filling up the missing seawater in the area.

Shocking tides and violent storms were caused over this period of time, rampaging throughout the entire Whole Tower Region and even affecting the seas in the neighbouring regions.

Yan Zhaoge remained within the Myriad Dragon Palace. He raised his head, looking up at it.

Beneath the terrifying force of the tsunami that virtually distorted spacetime, the palace was shaking unceasingly as well as it was thrown around by the seawater.

“I hadn’t thought earlier that Nong Yuxuan might actually also be nearby,” Yan Zhaoge sat cross-legged, “From the looks of it, he was indeed waiting with other people in the other regions to surround me before this, only having just arrived in the northern regions of the Royal Reed Sea.”

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu sat opposite him.

The former sat quietly, not speaking. As her eyes opened, accompanied by her breathing, blue light unceasingly flickered within her pupils.

The latter said, “Young Master, from that Kang Jinyuan’s words, they are actually searching for people who are the same as Miss Sikong. Then, it was based on characteristics that they found that Fairy Yue of the North Sea Sword Pavilion.”

“This being so, they do seem to be like the Eight Extremities World’s Chen Qi and Ouyang Qi of Verdant Pill Island, knowing some hidden secrets?”

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu were of the limited few of Broad Creed Mountain who were in the know regarding the unique situation of Sikong Qing, Ouyang Qi, Chang Ning, He Ying and Yue Baoqi.

From Kang Jinyuan’s earlier words, some things could be seen as well.

Yan Zhaoge slowly nodded, “This Kang Jinyuan still possessed limited information. It seems like of their Shenling Nine Swords, it is also their most important figures who know specifically about it. That would be the parents of that Kang Jinyuan.”

“I just don’t know whether they are just aware of or if they are in actual possession of people who are similar to Sikong Qing, Ouyang Qi or Yue Baoqi.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head slightly as he pondered, “Other than that, I just feel that Shen Lingzi’s lineage doesn’t seem like they are purely assisting the Grand Xuan Dynasty. They might have some other goal.”

“What cannot be determined now is-was their original goal to find people like junior apprentice-sister Sikong or is it that they are finding clues even as they strive for their original goal, creating additional problems?”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin and pondered for a moment before suddenly asking Feng Yunsheng, “Yunsheng, how long can you hold on for now?”

The dim blue radiance within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes was bright at times whilst dim at others, sometimes lit and sometimes extinguished, “I can currently hold on for four breaths of time.”