Chapter 650: Yan Zhaoge Goes Fishing, The Willing Bites The Hook

HSSB650: Yan Zhaoge goes fishing, the willing bites the hook

Nearing the Whole Tower Region, Yan Zhaoge stood within the Myriad Dragon Palace, smiling as he looked at Yue Baoqi.

Yue Baoqi’s expression was stern, “Do you really have a way to break the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation?”

Yan Zhaoge spread his hands apart, “Saying that I am a hundred percent certain would be lying. Still, it is true that I have some ideas regarding this.”

Yue Baoqi pondered for a moment before nodding. She exited the Myriad Dragon Palace, flying into the seas of the Whole Tower Region.

Her juniors of the North Sea Sword Sect and the Lishan Sect martial practitioners whom she had saved earlier had already been dropped mid-journey, going far away from the area.

Without anyone to worry about, Yue Baoqi also being a fearless person in having been able to attain her current heights, she immediately decided to cooperate with Yan Zhaoge.

After all, she alone would not possess sufficient strength to mitigate the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation for her sect.

Still, she would not trust Yan Zhaoge completely, still inevitably remaining cautious somewhat.

Yan Zhaoge truly had no intention of bringing her any harm, at least for the moment.

Yue Baoqi having appeared in the Whole Tower Region, this naturally attracted the attention of the Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners in the area as experts immediately appeared to catch her.

Yan Zhaoge assisted her in secret, helping Yue Baoqi to escape from these opponents.

Until a streak of sword-light flashed through the distant horizon in pursuit of Yue Baoqi.

Seeing that sword-light that resembled water, Yan Zhaoge instantly laughed, “This Yan goes fishing, the willing bites the hook.”

Seeing that sword-light that resembled water, Yue Baoqi understood what it meant as she hurriedly fled.

The other party’s cultivation base was above hers. Also, with the Flowing Time Sword, the speed of his sword-light was swift. He almost instantly arrived behind Yue Baoqi.

Terrifying light swept through the heavens and the earth, locking down the surrounding spacetime. Sword-light enveloped this region of sea, the flowing of time instantly becoming incomparably slow.

Yue Baoqi showed no intention of fighting back as she just continued escaping into the distance.

At the same time, the roars of dragons resounded as streams of light arose from the sea along with a massive palace.

Where the golden light was, that sword-light that resembled time and the flowing of water instantly scattered slightly to the side.

Yue Baoqi’s originally slow movements were mitigated as she regained her usual speed once more.

As sword-light flashed, the figure of a youth was revealed. It was precisely the descendant of the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture that Yan Zhaoge had met once before, Kang Jinyuan.

Kang Jinyuan smiled coldly, “Did you think that I hadn’t noticed you before this?”

His sword-light flashed. The speeds of the Myriad Dragon Palace and Yue Baoqi seemed about to fall again, while his own speed instead suddenly rose greatly.

Now, the great gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace opened, streams of qi of true dragons gushing out from within. Yan Zhaoge appeared, standing atop the Myriad Dragon Palace.

He struck down simultaneously with his palms, the Myriad Dragon Palace shaking intensely.

Streams of golden light condensed into numerous true dragons, soaring into the air. While they became pale and decaying beneath the sword-light that resembled water, the sword-light turned dimmer as well.

Yue Baoqi made use of this chance to escape the boundary of the sword-light as she had fled far away in an instant.

Kang Jinyuan’s face sunk as he stared at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge appraised Kang Jinyuan rather interestedly as he smiled, “As a third level Martial Saint of the late Merging Avatar stage, you shouldn’t just possess this level of strength. You seem injured?”

“Your injuries do not look recent. They must already have been there for some time.”

“From the looks of it, you must have sustained them when pursuing the Radiant Light Sect’s Nong Yuxuan initially?”

His injuries back then had not been light. The Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture had a miraculous effect on the treating of wounds, and Kang Jinyuan also had many seniors with higher cultivation bases.

His wounds not having healed completely even up till now, this meant that they must have been very grave initially.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Kang Jinyuan’s expression instantly turned uglier.

Staring at Yan Zhaoge, he harrumphed, “So it was you.”

Yue Baoqi having escaped, his old scars being mentioned again, Kang Jinyuan appeared to be in an incomparably terrible mood.

Still, he quickly laughed, “I remember now. When that surnamed Nong of the Radiant Light Sect was clashing with you previously, something went wrong with he himself midway through your battle.”

“That should not have been a coincidence. You must have some secret technique or treasure that suppresses him.”

Kang Jinyuan grinned savagely, “Hand it over obediently and this Young Master will leave you a full corpse.”

Yan Zhaoge was not vexed upon hearing his words as he laughed lightly, “Oh, wanting what I have that can suppress Nong Yuxuan, this must mean that you failed to take him down back then?”

Kang Jinyuan’s expression changed.

Yan Zhaoge continued, “I still thought that you slaughtered Nong Yuxuan, having been forced to pay a price for that.”

“From the looks of it now, however, it wasn’t like that at all! That Nong Yuxuan who was injured by me was actually able to beat you into this state? Or was it that other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners came to assist Nong Yuxuan?”

Yan Zhaoge had yet to finish speaking when Kang Jinyuan’s expression turned savage, sending a sword piercing straight towards him!

The sword-light that resembled water was vast and mighty as it enveloped the heavens and covered the earth.

Wherever the sword-light passed, the flow of time seemed to stop amidst space, all objects left unmoving as there was only Kang Jinyuan who remained unaffected.

Yan Zhaoge appeared fearless as he equipped the Imperious Cold Martial Armour, golden light flashing in his palm as the black Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear appeared in his hands.

Wielding the spear, he brandished it towards the heavens with a violent force resembling a massive fish leaving the sea, transforming into a great roc and soaring straight up towards the nine heavens.

Numerous ice dragons and numerous golden rocs accompanied that massive roc in flying higher.

The vigorous, majestic force rampantly broke through the sword-light that resembled a long river, causing the slowed heavens and earth around Yan Zhaoge’s entire body to swiftly regain normalcy.

Kang Jinyuan smiled coldly, “What a domineering fellow. This Young Master dislikes people like you the most.”

Amidst his cold laughter, he repeatedly tapped outwards with the sword in his hand. The sword-light changed again, instantly becoming countless specks that shot over to Yan Zhaoge’s surroundings.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, releasing thousands of spears with the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear in his hands in a single instant, all thus accurately striking and piercing those specks of sword-light.

The Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear and the other party’s low-grade Sacred Artifact, the Passing Water Sword, instantly clashed thousands of times.

The tyrannical force extended along the shaking Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear, entering Yan Zhaoge’s body.

Yan Zhaoge’s palms that were holding the spear instantly turned ancient, losing their moisture as wrinkles appeared on them.

The ice-blue radiance that flickered on the Imperious Cold Martial Armour enveloped Yan Zhaoge’s hands, forming a freezing power that delayed the corrosion of the enemy’s concept.

However, while Kang Jinyuan was injured, he was still extraordinarily skilled as he even cultivated in an ultimate supreme martial art like the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

The ages resembled water; time was heartless.

Even the cold, biting ice was corroded as well.

The ice did not melt, instead directly dissipating as vapour in the air.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change as masses of chaos continually rotated within his body, no before, no after, no beginning, no end as even the flow of time was dissipated into nothingness.

His skin had turned ancient, but as his true essence circulated a single cycle, it immediately regained its youthful lustre once more.

Kang Jinyuan was stunned, “No effect at all?”

Yan Zhaoge struck out with his Northern Ocean Divine Spear once more, quick as flashing lightning and momentous as raging thunder as it stabbed towards Kang Jinyuan.

Kang Jinyuan’s figure drifted, appearing slow whilst being fast in actuality as he prepared to dodge Yan Zhaoge’s spear.

However, the Myriad Dragon Palace now emitted streams of light that transformed into numerous light dragons, entangling Kang Jinyuan as he was left unable to evade.

The terrifying Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear heavily pierced Kang Jinyuan’s chest.

Now, however, a treasured light that was bright to the extreme and resembled a round mirror suddenly appeared where Kang Jinyuan’s heart was.

The treasured light rapidly expanded to protect his entire body, preventing the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear from piercing any further.

Kang Jinyuan grinned savagely, making use of this chance to charge forward, surpassing the range of Yan Zhaoge’s spear as he stabbed towards his chest with his sword.