Chapter 666: The Way You Eat Is Too Ugly

HSSB666: The way you eat is too ugly

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “It was naturally I who broke the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation. As for a certain someone surnamed Nong, he merely stole the credit and reputation for himself.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Yue Baoqi was silent for a time.

After considering for a moment, she said, “If you don’t mind, let me take you to see my sect’s Elder Qi who presides over the affairs in the Heavenly Inheritance Region.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Why not invite the martial practitioners of the other great sects present as well as witnesses to this affair.”

Seeing Yan Zhaoge as confident as this, Yue Baoqi could not help but shoot him another glance as she said after pondering momentarily in silence, “Such a decision will have to be made by Elder Qi.”

Yan Zhaoge said nonchalantly, “The guest follows as the host intends.”

They travelled together, but not long after they had begun their journey, infinite radiance visibly arose in the distant horizon, brightly illuminating the heavens and the earth.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Indeed, they were waiting specifically for me.”

Yue Baoqi felt rather awkward, knowing that it was most likely her fellow disciples who had leaked the news such that the Radiant Light Sect knew of Yan Zhaoge’s arrival here so quickly.

While they may have done so unintentionally, she still felt embarrassed by their oversight.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was as per usual as a few streaks of light rapidly arrived before him. After they had halted, a few figures appeared.

The one leading them was precisely Nong Yuxuan.

Led by him, the group of Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners vaguely made as if to surround them.

Nong Yuxuan stared at Yan Zhaoge, a Radiant Light Sect martial practitioner beside him looking at Yue Baoqi as he said, “This person has gone against our sect time and time again, even having hurt and killed our sect’s martial practitioners. We will be properly settling things with him now. I hope that Fairy Yue will not interfere with this matter.”

Yue Baoqi frowned slightly, “He is currently a guest of my sect.”

Nong Yuxuan said mildly, “I will personally pay my apologies to Pavilion Lord Gu afterwards. For now, your sect should just stay out of it.”

Yue Baoqi’s gaze hardened as she could hear that behind the mildness of the other party’s tone existed a firm will and determination, with cold killing intent that would not be easily shaken.

Yann Zhaoge smiled, “In wanting to kill me now, part of it is because of our past enmity. The other part must be you wanting to silence me such that no one else knows that you stole my credit in the breaking of the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation?”

A Radiant Light Sect martial practitioner roared in rage, “A load of utter nonsense!”

Nong Yuxuan’s expression was calm, “That is not important. Most important is you daring to show up.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge with a rather strange gaze, “It seems that you must have brought it along with you up to the World beyond Worlds. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be as bold as this.”

A hint of a smile was revealed at the corners of Nong Yuxuan’s mouth, “This really couldn’t be any better.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, “It looks like you haven’t learnt your lesson.”

Nong Yuxuan strode forth atop the air, “Try me then.”

Now, a vast, vigorous sword-intent emanated from another direction.

Sword-light flickered as a sword-qi swept through the surrounding heavens and earth like the tides of the sea.

Seeing this, Yue Baoqi sighed slightly in relief. Then, an old man appeared in front of everyone.

Nong Yuxuan’s expression did not change, “Elder Qi, my sect wants to handle some personal enmity, hoping that your sect will not interfere.”

The expert of the North Sea Sword Pavilion who presided over affairs here, Elder Qi, gazed at Yue Baoqi, “What’s the situation?”

Yue Baoqi glanced at Nong Yuxuan and the other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners before explaining the situation to Elder Qi via sound transmission.

After hearing what had happened, the other party’s expression turned grave.

He looked towards Yan Zhaoge somewhat doubtfully.

Yan Zhaoge was currently gradually getting more and more famous in the Royal Reed Sea. While he was still a Martial Grandmaster, he was viewed as no ordinary figure.

It was just that as compared to the long established fame of Nong Yuxuan, his reputation was clearly still lacking somewhat.

This inevitably caused Elder Qi to have some doubts.

After all, if things had really happened like Yan Zhaoge had said, the consequences would really be disastrous.

However, Elder Qi just had to take the matter seriously here, because behind Nong Yuxuan stood the Radiant Light Sect, one of the four great powers of the Royal Reed Sea who possessed many experts.

In their resistance against the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the Radiant Light Sect played an important role.

When the North Sea Sword Pavilion had been attacked by the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the Chief of the Radiant Light Sect, Luo Zhitao, had brought along their high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Sun Moon Wheels, in personally assisting the Grinding Hut Region in the North Sea, helping them in standing against the forces of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

The Radiant Light Sect’s own headquarters had come under threat by the Grand Xuan Dynasty as a result.

Meanwhile, however much of a heaven-defying genius Yan Zhaoge was, at the current time, at least, he was definitely incomparable to the Radiant Light Sect in terms of importance.

It would be fine if there was irrefutable evidence. If both sides insisted on their claims and the matter was handled inappropriately, great chaos might ensue as a result.

Yue Baoqi had intended to first bring Yan Zhaoge to meet Elder Qi out of such considerations.

The clash between them during the time of the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual had already caused more and more people to know that there was some conflict between Yan Zhaoge and Nong Yuxuan.

While few understood why this was so, the two of them would definitely be irrevocably at odds.

Now, the problem of a possible stealing of credit had arisen.

The situation now already looked set to erupt at any moment.

If Elder Qi had not arrived, the two sides would definitely already have gone directly to blows.

Now, streaks of light arrived from other directions.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge could not help but laugh.

It was the martial practitioners of the Dim Darkness Sect and Copper Men Island who had arrived.

Nong Yuxuan and Elder Qi were both third level Martial Saints of the late Merging Avatar stage. With them seemingly entering a standoff, the attention of multiple parties had naturally been attracted.

Having arrived, they discovered that things were more complicated than they had thought.

A Radiant Light Sect longtime Elder said coldly, “Everyone, with our great foe, the Grand Xuan Dynasty, currently right before us, we should not be wasting our time on such inconsequential matters, right? It will be fine just for our sect to deal with it.”

How would Yan Zhaoge be unable to discern the hidden meaning of his words?

With a powerful foe like the Grand Xuan Dynasty afoot, how to choose between the mighty Radiant Light Sect and a mere Martial Grandmaster-wasn’t this a no-brainer?

Even if this Martial Grandmaster was powerful, being able to battle a Merging Avatar Martial Saint as his future was unprecedentedly bright, how could he compare to the entire Radiant Light Sect?

The gaze of the Dim Darkness Sect Elder flickered slightly, “This Young Master Yan, Yan Zhaoge, is a guest of my Dim Darkness Sect, also being irrevocably at odds with the Grand Xuan Dynasty. With the rebellion against the Xuan currently being the most significant matter, please wait for the war to be over before settling your personal grudges, everyone.”

Those of the Radiant Light Sect all knit their brows slightly, “Impossible! He has got to die today!”

That Dim Darkness Sect Elder asked casually, “Why are you all in such a rush?”

Yan Zhaoge laughed lightly, “From what I know, this, um, Bright Starlight King is a major focus of the Radiant Light Sect’s efforts. There even seem to be many who call for him to be their next Chief?”

“However, such a person doing something like stealing another’s credit-it’s not like it wouldn’t be okay, but the way they’re eating would really look too ugly.”

Cold light instantly flashed within the eyes of that Dim Darkness Sect Elder as he stared at Nong Yuxuan, “Oh, this seems interesting?”

Nong Yuxuan ignored that Dim Darkness Sect Elder as he instead looked mildly at Yan Zhaoge, saying, “Just based on those words alone, I can indict you of the major crime of disturbing the hearts of our troops, wrecking our grand schemes of rebellion against the Grand Xuan Dynasty.”

The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth arched lightly upwards, “Doing things secretly is a double-edged sword. Even as you hoodwink your enemies, you could be hoodwinking your own allies as well.”