Chapter 664: Mind If I Use My Mouth?

HSSB664: Mind if I use my mouth?

Exchanging looks, both Qi Wei and Madame Kang had stern expressions on their faces.

Madame Kang pondered for a moment before suddenly saying, “That youth named Yan Zhaoge is rather strange. Will he see through the matter of us setting up the Bearing Heaven Efficate Formation?”

“Huh?” Hearing this, Qi Wei’s gaze turned colder.

“This young man possesses great knowledge,” Madame Kang said calmly, “According to Jinyuan, he was also very interested in the matter of us looking for Yue Baoqi, as if he knew about something.”

Qi Wei said coldly, “All the more so that he cannot be left alive. The fewer the people who know about the Bearing Heaven Efficate Formation the better.”

Madame Kang said, “I reported this to the two senior apprentice-uncles as well. They too said that everything must have the Bearing Heaven Efficate Formation as the utmost priority.”

“That Yue Baoqi may likely be related to another major figure, being an unexpected gain. It would be best if we can take care of that as well, but deciphering the mysteries left behind by the Earth Queen is still the most important at the end of the day.”

Now, she sighed, “We secretly got junior apprentice-brother Liao to send the Bearing Heaven Ceremony Fragrance and the other treasures over to your place as soon as possible. Who would have thought that…”

Qi Wei said, “Anyway, just find that person surnamed Yan as soon as possible.”

……

Within the deep sea, Yan Zhaoge sat in the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Above his head, his martial true intent condensed into his true martial avatar.

Yan Zhaoge’s true martial avatar changed unceasingly.

From the initial infinite, peerless chaos to the massive divinity that overturned the heavens and the earth with a single palm, then to a giant that rode atop a true dragon with streams of clear qi wreathing its entire body.

Finally, it transformed into a sword that was unparalleled in its brutality.

The sword became infinite, peerless chaos once more, being retracted above Yan Zhaoge’s head.

Yan Zhaoge opened his eyes, divine light revealed within that shook the surrounding area.

His heart jolted slightly. Looking over, he saw Feng Yunsheng walking out from the depths of the palace.

“You’ve attained the Martial Grandmaster realm?” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “While you weren’t able to break my father’s record in the Eight Extremities World, it was almost nearly there, not being any slower than me.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “It cannot be compared to you and Chief. My foundations are not as strong as yours. I borrowed the qi of true dragons of this Myriad Dragon Palace, also receiving many benefits from the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Speaking of the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual, I actually feel that you should expel that power of dim moon out of your body, only keeping the power of cold sun. That would instead be better for you.”

Due to the Cold Sun Divine Sabre, Feng Yunsheng had absorbed almost eighty percent of the power of cold sun by herself back then.

Or perhaps it should be said that it was the Cold Sun Divine Sabre which had absorbed this eighty percent. Feng Yunsheng shared a close bond with the sabre as they were equivalent to a single body.

Feng Yunsheng had not absorbed much of the power of dim moon. After all, her current cultivation base was on the low side.

“I had precisely this intention,” Feng Yunsheng said, “When in secluded cultivation this time, I vaguely had such a feeling.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Give it to me then. I will be able to use it to cultivate in new supreme martial arts.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, immediately entering the meditative position.

Her pupils abruptly changed, flickering with dim blue radiance as they seemed to have transformed into two cold suns.

Black light flickered amidst the dim blue radiance. Feng Yunsheng’s body shook. Opening her mouth, streams of black light gushed out before condensing into a jet-black dim moon in front of her.

The moonlight seemed to be blazing, causing one to feel swelteringly hot. Yet, it also contained an intent of coldness and desolation.

Seeing the power of dim moon fly out of her mouth, Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly.

This meant that Feng Yunsheng had long since thought about this, having accurate judgment regarding her cultivation as she had not deeply refined the power of dim moon, instead having deposited it a distance away as she had now expelled in outside her body in the form of an orb.

With just a thought on Yan Zhaoge’s part, his true essence transformed into streams of clear qi, flying out and sweeping away that orb in the form of a black full moon.

As the orb was brought above Yan Zhaoge’s forehead, his Baihui acupoint at the top of his head emitted brilliant light. Beneath the radiance, that black orb descended slowly to be absorbed into Yan Zhaoge’s body.

At the end of it, Yan Zhaoge’s eyeballs suddenly rolled as that black orb ceased its descending momentum.

Feng Yunsheng was taken aback, “Is there something wrong?”

“There’s nothing wrong,” Yan Zhaoge stared at her in a rascally manner, “It’s just-do you mind me swallowing it with my mouth as well?”

Seeing this rare look of Yan Zhaoge’s, Feng Yunsheng didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry.

She was neither embarrassed not flustered as she shot him a look, “It would be this young maiden’s honour. How about I go over and feed you?”

Yan Zhaoge had still yet to reply when Ah Hu suddenly rushed over from the side, excitedly opening his eyes wide as he nodded repeatedly, “You should, you should!”

Pan-Pan opened his big eyes that were like copper bells, coming over as well with his paws extended before his body as if ready to give applause.

“Get lost,” Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes, instantly losing much interest now that spectators had come.

Feng Yunsheng had on an expression like she was smiling whilst also not as she looked at the two spectators beside them in no good humour.

As she and Yan Zhaoge exchanged glances, both of them laughed.

Amidst their laughter, Yan Zhaoge raised his head, opening his mouth and directly swallowing that black orb that was condensed of the power of dim moon.

A desolate, brutal sword-intent instantly emanated from his body.

The Sacred Artifact, the Brilliant Rainbow Sword, returned to his hand, shaking unceasingly.

Ah Hu and Pan-Pan both dejectedly went to sit down by the side. Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng smiled as she shook her head. A slight red flush momentarily filled her face before she quickly composed herself. Closing her eyes once more, she then continued with her cultivation.

After a long time, Yan Zhaoge opened his eyes, keeping the Brilliant Rainbow Sword before he stood up and stretched lazily, “I wonder how things currently are in the Royal Reed Sea?”

He controlled the Myriad Dragon Palace and travelled within the deep sea for some time more before finally surfacing.

He caught someone and asked for news again. Things had indeed changed once more in the Royal Reed Sea.

A corner of the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation having been broken by him, the entire grand formation had been affected as a result as the Grand Xuan Dynasty was rendered unable to use it to deal with the sword domain of the North Sea Sword Pavilion in the Grinding Hut Region.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty could only battle with the anti-Xuan forces head-on.

A great war ensued between the two sides in which both suffered victories and defeats.

The anti-Xuan forces relied on the geographical advantage of the Grinding Hut Region’s sword domain and the North Sea Sword Pavilion’s guardian grand formation, with the Grand Xuan Dynasty unable to achieve anything concrete within a short period of time.

News had recently spread that the Grand Xuan Dynasty had suddenly withdrawn its troops from the North Sea, switching its target to the headquarters of the Radiant Light Sect.

The experts of the Radiant Light Sect, the Dim Darkness Sect and Copper Men Island had all been congregated in the North Sea Sword Pavilion.

If they wanted to reinforce the Radiant Light Sect, they would have to leave the Grinding Hut Region’s Sword Domain.

However, if the Grand Xuan Dynasty was only faking things with their true target still being the anti-Xuan forces in the Grinding Hut Region, they would be able to easily ambush them as soon as they went to reinforce the Radiant Light Sect.

If the anti-Xuan forces did not send reinforcements, the Grand Xuan Dynasty could simply just attack the Radiant Light Sect for real.

Being on the offensive, the Grand Xuan Dynasty possessed the initiative with more choices being available to them, whereas it was much harder for the anti-Xuan forces.

Still, somehow, the anti-Xuan forces possessed exceptional decisiveness.

They immediately left the Grinding Hut Region, pursuing and attacking the Grand Xuan Dynasty as they left the North Sea. They clamped down on the other’s tail, not giving them any time and space to scheme as they wanted as an ambush was prevented from happening.

Having lost their geographical advantage, the anti-Xuan forces were at a disadvantage in terms of strength.

When the Grand Xuan Dynasty wanted to turn back and counterattack, the anti-Xuan forces would retreat towards the Grinding Hut Region once more.

When the Grand Xuan Dynasty did not give chase, wanting to leave the North Sea, the anti-Xuan forces would come after them once more.

Both sides fought unceasingly just like this, clashing non-stop.

The situation somewhat resembled that previous battle between Yan Zhaoge and that old man as psychological warfare was waged even as they physically fought.

Apart from the global situation, there was also other news that caught Yan Zhaoge’s attention.

For example, everyone was saying and praising that it was a martial practitioner of the Radiant Light Sect who had broken the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation.

This person was called Nong Yuxuan.

Hearing this news, Yan Zhaoge blinked.