Chapter 672: You Will Temper My Blade

HSSB672: You will temper my blade

Yan Zhaoge wielded the Glorious Rainbow Sword, destruction wrought wherever it passed.

Everyone who faced his sword seemed to see infinite strange phenomena before their eyes.

Mountains and rivers surged in reverse, the heavens and the earth broke apart, all lifeforms perished, all things were extinguished.

The world seemed to walk towards its doomsday, everything reaching its end as only desolation and destruction remained.

Wielding his sword horizontally, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “However diligently I usually cultivate in a sword dao, it is only forging its foundations. I have to kill and see blood before success can truly be seen. It is like the final opening of the way for the sword’s blade.”

“Also, opponents of sufficient standard are required to temper my blade.”

Saying thus, Yan Zhaoge stabbed outwards with his sword.

A white speck of light circulated on the tip of the sword, ferocious and vicious to the extreme.

Even the low grade Sacred Artifact that Yan Zhaoge was executing this sword dao with, the Glorious Rainbow Sword, was ringing as it seemed unable to withstand the sword dao of its own master.

The expressions on the faces of the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners all changed.

Yan Zhaoge actually wanted to slaughter them in other to completely finish cultivating in this decimating sword of his.

That other third level Martial Saint aside from Nong Yuxuan was the first to come.

A majestic, domineering force descended straight towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge slashed diagonally, a black spot suddenly appearing amidst the immeasurable brightness which began to expand unceasingly.

Seeing this, the other party felt a chill within his heart as he could only feel that the immeasurable brightness formed of his true essence was actually being extinguished non-stop.

He hurriedly exerted greater force, but who knew that Yan Zhaoge’s move was actually a fake.

After that sword, he immediately turned, not waiting for the other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners to arrive as he had already switched his position.

Yan Zhaoge appeared behind that third level Martial Saint, directly striking out with a tyrannical Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

The other party turned and struck out with a palm, forcibly receiving Yan Zhaoge’s blow head-on. While he was not injured, his footing immediately grew unstable as his figure fell backwards.

An immense suction force suddenly emanated from behind him. The great gate of the Myriad Dragon Palace had opened, resembling the opening maws of a massive beast.

He struck backwards with a palm, wanting to send the Myriad Dragon Palace into retreat. Yet, Yan Zhaoge stabbed over with his sword once more, forcing him into having to block his attack.

Yan Zhaoge now flashed the Earth Devouring Burner, accurately intercepting his attack.

Immediately afterwards, he struck out with yet another palm, shocking him into retreat as he stumbled all the way backwards into the Myriad Dragon Palace!

The Myriad Dragon Palace was unable to suppress a third level Martial Saint expert for more than a few breaths of time.

However, to Yan Zhaoge, this was already sufficient. All the other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners were now like lambs to the slaughter for him as he charged into their midst.

Six breaths of time had passed. Nong Yuxuan emitted a low roar.

The aura of the Extreme Yang Seal which could only attack once was gradually diminished as it retreated, flying back to Yan Zhaoge’s side.

The terrifying Dim Glorious Sabre Qi was instantly released as Nong Yuxuan immediately retracted it!

As the seventh breath of time arrived, fluctuations finally appeared in Feng Yunsheng’s pupils as they were unprecedentedly blazing hot!

As she brandished her sabre, she actually wounded herself, leaving behind a sabre-wound on her own arm.

Fresh blood flowed over the blade of the Cold Sun Divine Sabre, streams of black qi emanating from within which intermingled with the dim blue radiance.

Feng Yunsheng shot into the air in her entirety, actually flinging herself amidst that black roiling fire and devilish qi!

The dim blue cold sun actually seemed to fade out at this moment. However, the mighty Dim Glorious Sabre Qi began to pulsate unceasingly.

Nong Yuxuan’s expression changed as he detected that Feng Yunsheng was actually trying to wrest control over his Dim Glorious Sabre Qi.

He had once considered this possibility before, yet had never thought anything of it. Now, however, he could clearly feel the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi that he possessed actually quaking once more.

It wasn’t just the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi that was temporarily stored within his body which he had still yet to refine which exhibited abnormalities.

Even the power of the Rahu Star of the eclipse that he had already refined grew restless as well, seeming like it might rebel at any moment.

“It is not just that sabre. There is something up with she herself as well!” Nong Yuxuan instantly understood.

Having tripped over the same rock twice, Nong Yuxuan had not the time to feel vexed or despondent as he tried to stabilise his Dim Glorious Sabre Qi with all his might.

The current Feng Yunsheng had clearly temporarily obtained such powerful might with some sort of secret technique.

He did not believe that Feng Yunsheng could persist for long. As more time passed, she would definitely be the first to collapse.

So long as she ceased to be supported by the power of cold sun, it would be impossible for Feng Yunsheng who had only just entered the Martial Grandmaster realm to continue fighting for the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi with a Martial Saint.

The eighth breath.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s sword-aura surging rampantly to the heavens as Nong Yuxuan was actually obstructed by an unknown woman, Cheng Song’s gaze involuntarily turned solemn somewhat.

He wanted to move past the Northern Ocean Clone. Yet, the Northern Ocean Clone was just too fast for that to be possible.

Just in terms of speed alone, the Northern Ocean Clone at the late Merging Avatar stage was not inferior to the early Seeing Divinity stage Cheng Song in the least, even surpassing him somewhat.

Cheng Song was wary of the dark green bamboo cane. However, as they moved, it could not land on his body, being unable to make things difficult for his Sacred Artifact.

It was just that Cheng Song had to devote some of his attention to this as he was therefore unable to demonstrate his full prowess.

Thus, he was obstructed by the Northern Ocean Clone who was bolstered by the Fish Dragon Spear and the Imperious Cold Martial Armour, being unable to go deal with Yan Zhaoge himself.

The current Yan Zhaoge’s momentum surged ferociously to the heavens as he brandished his sword.

The sword-light of the Glorious Rainbow Sword which had already been a peak low-grade Sacred Artifact originally was currently almost retracted completely.

There was just that flickering speck of white light on the sword tip that was ferocious and vicious to the extreme.

As the sword slashed past, the low-grade Sacred Artifact of a Radiant Light Sect Martial Saint, a sabre, actually had its blade penetrated completely through by a single sword of Yan Zhaoge’s!

A tiny hole appeared on the blade of the sabre. While it appeared no bigger than a pinhole, its radiance instantly dimmed, its spiritual qi dispersing!

It was as though the vitals of a living entity with a will of its own had been struck, with its life swiftly ebbing away from it.

The ninth breath.

Feng Yunsheng stood amidst that roiling black fire and devilish qi, her essence blood spilling unceasingly from the wound on her arm.

As it came into contact with the surrounding Dim Glorious Sabre Qi, this essence blood was immediately devoured and incinerated.

The originally brutal Dim Glorious Sabre Qi suddenly became much calmer at this moment before it was unceasingly absorbed by the Cold Sun Divine Sabre in Feng Yunsheng’s hands.

The aura of the Cold Sun Divine Sabre and Feng Yunsheng herself flourished increasingly. However, Feng Yunsheng’s face was growing increasingly ashen as well.

Accompanied by the loss of her essence blood, she was growing weaker and weaker as she was completely being supported by the miraculous might of the power of cold sun.

It was just that as the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi absorbed by the Cold Sun Divine Sabre grew, the sabre-intent of the Cold Sun Divine Sabre was correspondingly strengthened as its rate of absorption of the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi grew higher as well.

Finally, the Cold Sun Divine Sabre virtually seemed to be frenziedly devouring the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi on its own accord.

Outside of the roiling black smoke, as Yan Zhaoge ‘slew’ his opponent’s Sacred Artifact with a single sword, his sword-intent grew even more brutal and terrifying.

The true martial avatar above his head grew increasingly blurry at this moment, converging towards nothingness.

As the brutal sword-intent of extinction within flourished, the sword itself grew increasingly blurry.

It was as if everything had been destroyed, moving towards an end as all faded into nothingness together.

Nong Yuxuan grit his teeth resolutely, stabilising his Dim Glorious Sabre Qi.

He thought to simply ignore Feng Yunsheng and the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi, just attacking Yan Zhaoge first. However, his body stiffened where he was, not listening to his commands.

Cheng Song began madly trying to break through the defensive lines of the Northern Ocean Clone.

That third level Martial Saint of the Radiant Light Sect seemed set to escape from the Myriad Dragon Palace at about any moment now.

The other Radiant Light Sect experts surged forward in unison, wanting to capitalise on their numerical advantage to slay Yan Zhaoge for good.

Everyone was frenziedly fighting for the most valuable thing-time!

The ninth breath passed. The tenth breath of time arrived!

Yan Zhaoge turned, not entangling with the other Radiant Light Sect experts as his target remained that first level Martial Saint Elder whose Sacred Artifact he had destroyed!

Where his sword-light passed, blood splattered!

However, just having flown, the fresh blood was immediately extinguished as if it had never existed in this world.

Even this splattering fresh blood was reduced to nothingness as it was enveloped by that sword-intent!

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and emitted a long roar towards the heavens. The true martial avatar above his head that was in the form of a long sword and appeared transparent seemed to vanish.

Light illuminated the world all around with Yan Zhaoge as the centre, shooting into the heavens.