Chapter 673: Hence Does Sainthood Descend!

HSSB673: Hence does Sainthood descend!

As Yan Zhaoge roared, he suddenly kept the Glorious Rainbow Sword in his hand.

However, that terrifying sword-intent that exterminated all lifeforms and all things still remained as it surged throughout the surrounding area.

Where the sword-intent passed, all existences between the heavens and the earth seemed to grow ashen and defeated, moving towards their end together.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge achieved minor completion in the sword dao that he cultivated in.

This terrifying sword-intent greatly intimidated one’s heart.

Scenes were illusory between the heavens and the earth as they were tainted by the sword-intent such that numerous phenomena seemed to appear before everyone’s eyes.

Time seemed to flow in reverse at this moment, everyone returning to the time before the heavens and earth had been split apart in primordial times where the great wilderness had still yet to set in.

While it was clearly the beginning of the beginning, all objects and all things seemed to be shrouded by a layer of twilight.

They seemed to move towards deterioration and decay together, simultaneously greeting their final fate of extermination.

The utmost beginning and the utmost end seemed to converge as one now, all things in this world simultaneously reaching their end, being extinguished and disappearing as they finally returned to nothingness.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head to look at the true martial avatar above his head that seemed to have vanished, a hint of a smile appearing at the corners of his mouth.

“Immortal Ending Sword Manual-I have finally comprehended a portion of its true intent.”

The sword-intent that Yan Zhaoge had been cultivating in and tempering was precisely the greatest accomplishment amongst sword daos, the <> that was a supreme direct lineage martial art of the Prime Clear lineage.

It was one of the supreme martial scriptures of the Prime Clear Ancestor of the Three Purities, the Lord of Numinous Treasure, being known as the Numinous Treasure Four Swords and also the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords along with the Immortal Exterminating Sword Manual, the Immortal Slaughtering Sword Manual and the Immortal Trapping Sword Manual.

It was a supreme martial art legacy that was equally acclaimed alongside the ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures.

The Martial Repository of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace had possessed a complete collection of the Immortal Ending Sword Manual back then.

It represented all things going from existence to nonexistence, being extinguished as they returned to the concept of nothingness. It was an incomparably ferocious, powerful sword of the eternal end.

It had left behind countless legends ever since the legendary eras of the past.

Of the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords, the Immortal Ending Sword extinguished all objects, whether they were formless or without form, real or illusory, sending all, myriad variations into extermination with a single sword.

Ten breaths of time had passed. Yan Zhaoge suddenly kept his Glorious Rainbow Sword.

Even the sword-intent of the Immortal Ending Sword Manual was retracted as well as the true martial avatar above his head suddenly changed, transforming into a person.

That person seemed to sit amidst the primordial chaos, resembling a single point yet also seeming broad and infinite.

The primordial chaos was split apart, all going from nonexistence to existence.

The wilderness was opened, the heavens and the earth existing separately as myriad creation arose, the vast seas flowing.

Next, Yan Zhaoge’s true martial avatar changed, transforming into a huge giant whose entire body was enshrouded by streams of clear qi.

The giant’s figure gradually grew smaller whereas the clear qi instead grew increasingly condensed and refined as it was retracted within his body.

Numerous silhouettes flickered above the head of the illusory figure.

From a dragon coiling amidst the heavens, to Vajra sitting in mediation atop the ground, to wind and fire sweeping through the entire sky, to a pill furnace spurting out purple flames…

Apart from that, there were also ice dragons leaving the sea, a sun hanging high overhead, blazing fire incinerating the world, the tranquillity of moonlight, even a turtle and snake intermingling, the divinity of the Xuanwu Emperor manifesting…

The numerous scenes manifested numerous martial true intents.

Congregated together, they were not disorderly as all these various original true intents gradually dissipated, finally converging to form a swirling torrent.

Atop the swirling torrent vaguely appeared the qi of the karmic merit of all the heavens and the earth, manifesting the phenomenon of a Saint enlightening countless citizens.

This held the power of the true martial avatar, being slightly weaker than that previously manifested with the power of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture yet possessing an intent of tranquil non-tendency.

It seemed to exist between existence and nonexistence, seeming like it was there whilst also not, seeming like it was both there and not there at the same time.

Now, Yan Zhaoge’s true martial avatar shook and changed once more, returning to the form of a long sword.

The long sword was virtually transparent, seemingly having entered nothingness, but that terrifying concept which could extinguish all things was apparent without doubt.

As this sword appeared, all things which had previously been created entered destruction together, moving towards their destined end as they were formlessly extinguished.

They all reached their eternal end, everything going from existence to nonexistence.

The tenth breath had passed. The eleventh breath came.

Illuminated by the all-dazzling radiance, the true martial avatar above Yan Zhaoge’s head descended slowly, merging with his body!

Everyone of the Radiant Light Sect, Nong Yuxuan and Cheng Song included, all looked on in shock at Yan Zhaoge as he stood in mid-air.

In condensing true martial avatars of their own, martial practitioners were only able to condense just a single one in most circumstances.

It was not a matter of competence. Instead, it was for the merging of the body and the avatar when one stepped into the Martial Saint realm.

If there were too many true martial avatars, the difficulty of the body and avatar merging would rise exponentially as a result.

However, the current Yan Zhaoge had his true martial avatar changing unceasingly amidst a single breath of time, bedazzling everyone’s eyes and leaving their hearts palpitating madly.

As the current Yan Zhaoge retracted his true martial avatar back into his body, he was not dispersing it as did most Martial Grandmasters. Instead, he sought to combine it together with his fleshly body and physique!

Yan Zhaoge sought to Transcend Mortality and enter Sainthood today, taking that single step into the Martial Saint realm!

According to publicly accepted common knowledge, what Yan Zhaoge was doing now would fail as many times as it was attempted. It would even cause one’s true essence to clash chaotically as it ran amok, descending into cultivation deviation as there was the possibility of one perishing with their dao dissipating at any moment.

However, looking at Yan Zhaoge now, even someone as arrogant as Nong Yuxuan and an expert like Cheng Song who was an early Seeing Divinity Martial Saint involuntarily had the same feeling arise within their hearts.

He would definitely succeed!

If it was this person, he would definitely succeed!

It was not that they possessed confidence towards Yan Zhaoge. Instead, as Yan Zhaoge’s essence, qi and spirit skyrocketed to a peak at this moment, he displayed a calm, carefree state of utter ease.

His accumulation just being too abundant, everything just flowed naturally into completion.

The heavenly gulf of Transcending Mortality and entering Sainthood was, to him, just like treading over flat ground.

Everything simply depended on whether he wanted to do it, no considerations required whatsoever!

Feeling that aura which could affect even their mentalities, Cheng Song uttered not a single word as he abruptly exerted force, shooting madly towards Yan Zhaoge.

His Sacred Artifact no longer evaded the Northern Ocean Clone’s jade green bamboo cane, its radiance directly dimming as it was struck by it.

His own body no longer evaded the attack of the Northern Ocean Clone as he forcibly bore an attack from the Fish Dragon Spear, fresh blood instantly splattering to the sides.

Cheng Song ignored all these as he shot towards Yan Zhaoge, wanting to intercept and strike him before he took that all-important step!

Even if he couldn’t slay Yan Zhaoge, he also had to obstruct him from stepping into the Martial Saint realm.

The other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners now reacted as well as they all shot forward in unison.

Yet, they would not be able to make it in time.

There was only Cheng Song who might.

However, the Northern Ocean Clone let go of the Fish Dragon Spear, directly forsaking it. He shot through the air, transforming into a streaking arc of light as he instantly blocked before Cheng Song once more.

“Scram!” An enraged Cheng Song struck out with a palm, the Northern Ocean Clone who had predicted this from past familiarity now taking out the Dark Feather Slaughtering Golden Spear, battling him once more!

Cheng Song’s eyeballs appeared on the brink of imploding.

In the direction in which his gaze was focused, Yan Zhaoge’s entire body was enveloped by light.

The twelfth breath!

All-encompassing light circulated, resembling a heavenly river surging in reverse as it was retracted within Yan Zhaoge’s body.

Countless runes of radiance flickered, appearing atop the surface of Yan Zhaoge’s body.

Radiance flickered within his eyes, illuminating the nearby heavens and earth for a good five thousand kilometres all round.

All the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners were simultaneously stunned once more.

He had succeeded?

He had succeeded just like this?

In but a single breath of time, he had Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood?

Even in the World beyond Worlds, this was still a peak that was insurmountable for countless people, a heavenly gulf that was hard to surpass. Yet, this youth, simply raising his foot, had traversed it just like that?

No, had he even lifted his foot?

Perhaps it was more appropriate to liken it to awakening after a deep slumber as he simply opened his eyes?

Yan Zhaoge’s long roar that resembled that of a dragon’s became even more profound at this moment, as though the sonorous voice of the grand dao was resounding throughout the heavens and the earth as it was ceaseless to the ear.

With the Peerless Heavenly Formation of the Jade Clear lineage as his foundation, next having cultivated in the Immortal Ending Sword Manual of the Prime Clear lineage, finally congregating numerous supreme martial arts of this world to manifest the virtue of the enlightening Grand Clear lineage.

Three Purities converge as one, hence does Sainthood descend!