Chapter 688: Yan Zhaoge’S Aim.

HSSB688: Yan Zhaoge’s aim

Feng Yunsheng looked at the vast stretch of land portrayed within the formation above the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel and next at the swiftly gushing river in the distance, asking softly via sound transmission, “Since that is so, doesn’t this already prove that the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation indeed exists in the Royal Reed Sea, just that it is unknown who exactly it was who established it?”

Yan Zhaoge answered without giving anything away, “This cannot be determined yet. This senior Zheng Ming is currently using this formation to search for the grand formation that is affecting the circulation of the earth veins.”

“From what we currently know, of the various powers of the Royal Reed Sea, the Grand Xuan Dynasty included, none of their guardian grand formations affect the flowing of the earth veins.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and glanced at the formation above the massive vessel, “Therefore, if there is a large scale formation that can do this, it would be where our target lies. We would not have to worry about muddling things up and getting the wrong place.”

“However, it is not just the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation that can affect the flow of the earth veins. Therefore, we will only be able to verify it after having actually found the place.”

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu both nodded upon hearing his words.

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest laugh, “Will the Grand Xuan Dynasty give in just like that?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Of course not. However, it would definitely not be easy to deal with the pressure of the Southeastern Exalt. This way, they would not be able to pay attention to the situation here in the Royal Reed Sea.”

“Losing the suppression by the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the tensions between the Radiant Light Sect, the Dim Darkness Sect, the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the other powers would be more easily exacerbated.”

Ah Hu scratched his head, “Young Master, your target still remains the Radiant Light Sect.”

“This is a natural thing,” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was somewhat deep and distant, “The Extreme Yin Crown is still in their hands. I have never forgotten about that.”

Hearing his words, Feng Yunsheng said gently, “The Extreme Yin Bout has already long since become history. Currently, who the Extreme Yin Crown belongs to depends on a higher level of playing field.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I will let you take it back with your own hands someday.”

Feng Yunsheng met his gaze, smiling, “That’s fine.”

Ah Hu said, “Speaking of mutual enmity, the Grand Xuan Dynasty likely hates you, Young Master, not any less than the Radiant Light Sect does.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel beneath his feet, “Therefore, I naturally have to find some things for them to do.”

Ah Hu asked, “Young Master, do you think that the Grand Xuan Dynasty might disregard everything and go all out, directly…”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng both understood his unfinished sentence. He was afraid that those of the Grand Xuan Dynasty might directly silence them all. In order to prevent the news from spreading out of the Royal Reed Sea and to the Southeastern Exalt, they might really decide to even kill Zheng Ming’s group here.

While Zheng Ming’s group possessed outstanding strength, also having a powerful weapon like the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel, the Grand Xuan Dynasty possessed Immortal Bridge Martial Saints and high-grade Sacred Artifacts.

If they just threw all reservations aside, they might actually have a chance of succeeding.

Yan Zhaoge was not nervous, “They wouldn’t do that. A considerable part of their attention is currently still occupied by the anti-Xuan forces of the Royal Reed Sea. They do not have so many experts available.”

“The Grand Xuan Dynasty holds the advantage in strength as well as the battlefield advantage. However, this does not mean that they can come and go entirely as they please. Otherwise, the Radiant Light Sect’s headquarters would already long since have been exterminated.”

“If the Southeastern Exalt were to get wind of this matter, he would be irrevocably offended beyond measure.”

“Comparatively speaking, it is more likely that they would dismantle the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation and fool Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang away before slowly working on it again after.”

Yan Zhaoge momentarily narrowed his eyes into slits, “I pocketed their Earth Ocean Lung Crystals and used them. Without this item, I wonder how long their Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation can be sustained? Would it already have halted just like that?”

Ah Hu grinned, “Young Master, if only you had pocketed a few more things back then.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Only the Earth Ocean Lung Crystals were of use to me. The others would merely have been a waste of space.”

He stroked his lower chin, “There’s no use thinking about this now. We can only hope that merely lacking the Earth Ocean Lung Crystals, they will be feeling fortunate as they continue sustaining the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation.”

“Still, this isn’t very likely. After all, the Earth Ocean Lung Crystals cannot be substituted easily.”

Feng Yunsheng asked, “If the Grand Xuan Dynasty has already halted the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation and our trip this time is in vain, what then?”

Yan Zhaoge gazed towards the silhouetted long river that flowed in the distance, saying slowly, “We cannot yet be certain. We will have to get there and observe the specific situation first.”

As Yan Zhaoge’s group was discussing this, Zheng Ming, Chen Zhiliang and Wen Luoxia were actually interacting privately as well.

“Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation…what exactly was King Xuanwen and Daoist Shi’s lot planning?” Chen Zhiliang’s gaze was heavily focused somewhat, “Or, what might that person be planning?”

Wen Luoxia asked, “Master, that person…refers to?”

Chen Zhiliang glanced at Zheng Ming. Zheng Ming extended his hand, spreading his fingers apart and making a ‘five’ gesture. Then, he retracted four fingers, leaving only his index finger upraised.

Wen Luoxia immediately understood, involuntarily inhaling a breath of cold air.

Chen Zhiliang said, “You do not have to know which one exactly it is. You just need to know that this situation is far from ordinary. You are not to be overly involved in it.”

Wen Luoxia hurriedly said, “Thank you for Master’s and senior apprentice-uncle’s teachings. This disciple will remember it well.”

Chen Zhiliang swivelled his head towards Zheng Ming, asking, “Does that person want to seek the whereabouts of the Earth Queen? While there are no signs that prove that she has perished, there are similarly no signs that show that she is still within this world…”

Zheng Ming’s face was sunken, “The key is-why is that person covertly acting to find clues in secret? Who is that person trying to keep it from?”

Chen Zhiliang’s gaze retracted somewhat, “Senior apprentice-brother Zheng, I have this feeling that we shouldn’t be caring about this. This may be a major calamity. The more we know, the faster we’ll die!”

As personal disciples of the Southeastern Exalt, there were fewer things that they had to be wary of.

However, it was precisely because they stood high that they also saw far, possessing much knowledge and knowing that which most people would not, thus being able to understand the hidden dangers that lay beneath the surface of some ordinary-seeming things.

The broader the scope of their knowledge, the more keenly they felt insignificant as individuals.

The Earth Queen, one of the Four Heavenly Ministers of Daoism, was a major figure who had reigned at the peak of the heavens and the earth in pre-Great Calamity times. She had truly been a legendary existence, powerful and mighty in her incomparable glory.

It was already no minor thing that this matter was related to this figure.

Meanwhile, the current situation was also rather strange.

Zheng Ming said softly, “Often, those who know more die faster. However, sometimes, if you know less, you won’t even know how you died at all.”

“The southeastern Yang Heaven Territory is under Master’s reign at the end of the day. If something were to crop up and Master did not know about it, he would be hard pressed to handle things.”

“Even if we do not intend to interfere, we have to be certain of the situation at the very least, next leaving it to Master to make the decision.”

Chen Zhiliang nodded in agreement, Zheng Ming continuing, “Before we left, I already sent someone back from the Royal Reed Sea to convey the situation.”

“That would be best,” Zheng Zhiliang nodded before swivelling his head to look at Wen Luoxia, “Where is Ye Xin now? Weren’t the two of you travelling together?”

Wen Luoxia answered, “We got separated after entering the Royal Reed Sea. This disciple too does not know where senior apprentice-sister Ye currently is.”

Chen Zhiliang sighed, yet having another thing to worry about.

Everyone had their own considerations as the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel flew onwards, traversing innumerable bodies of water and mountains.

Land gradually appeared before their eyes, that illusory river vanishing. Still, there remained clues to guide them.

Yan Zhaoge gazed at the continental region before them, knowing that they were about to arrive at their destination.