Chapter 687: Aboveboard Scheme

HSSB687: Aboveboard scheme

The Southeastern Exalt’s lineage had always speculated greatly about the strange occupation of the Royal Reed Sea by the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

It was just that the Southeastern Exalt having tacitly allowed it, Zheng Ming, Chen Zhiliang and the others were not in a position to question him about it.

While Yan Zhaoge had not clearly stated this now, the hearts of the two jolted slightly as this thought rose to their minds once more.

Chen Zhiliang said mildly, “Daoist Shi is indeed very skilled in formations. His descendants should also be quite the figures.”

Paying attention to the expressions of Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang, also hearing the latter’s words, Yan Zhaoge gradually came to an understanding within his heart.

In the past, it must not have been at the orders of the Southeastern Exalt that King Xuanwen, Shen Lingzi and Daoist Shi had come to the Royal Reed Sea.

Not only were they foreign to the Royal Reed Sea, they were likely foreign to the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory as well.

As for why the Southeastern Exalt had tacitly allowed them to establish the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation in the Royal Reed Sea, attempting to find clues pertaining to the deification of the Earth Queen, there existed two possibilities.

Firstly, behind them stood a figure whom even the Southeastern Exalt was extremely fearful of. He could only pretend that he did not know what they were doing.

Secondly, they had a backer. While their backer was still not at the level that the Southeastern Exalt would have to lower his head to, the likes of him was still unwilling to offend them. Also, he did not know what exactly they wanted to do, being wholly unaware of the existence of the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation here in the Royal Reed Sea.

The first possibility was not high. In the World beyond Worlds, the Earthly Sovereign was balanced out by the other two sovereigns. No one could truly reach the extent of doing just as they pleased.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty, Qi Wei and Madame Kang still acting covertly, this went to show that they did not wish for the Southeastern Exalt or anyone else to learn the specifics of this particular matter.

If it was the latter situation, there would be many things that he could do.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, saying, “He was indeed quite the figure. If not for this Yan usually liking to analyse formations, I’m afraid that I wouldn’t have been able to escape from his Prime Earth Reversal Formation. At the end of the day, he was already a mid Seeing Divinity Martial Saint.”

Zheng Ming’s gaze flickered, “You have clashed with him?”

Chen Zhiliang, Bai Ziming and Wen Luoxia were all slightly stunned, “Within a formation set up by an

expert of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm, this youth was actually able to escape from it even as a mere first level Martial Saint? His attainments in formations should not be as simple as usually liking to analyse it…”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Just not long ago, I’ll say shamefully, I obtained some things from a descendant of Shen Lingzi’s lineage, eventually being ambushed by his seniors and that descendant of Daoist Shi’s.”

Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang did not respond, knowing that Yan Zhaoge’s story was surely not over.

Yan Zhaoge did not beat around the bush as he directly revealed, “There were quite a few things. For example, there were the Heaven Bearing Ceremonial Fragrance, Prime Chaos Soil, Earth Ocean Lung Crystals and whatnot.”

Chen Zhiliang frowned, looking rather uncertainly at Zheng Ming, “Senior apprentice-brother Zheng, these things?”

As personal disciples of the Southeastern Exalt, they definitely possessed far greater knowledge than others would.

Especially the Heaven Bearing Ceremonial Fragrance, which was extremely unique and possessed a single specific function.

Chen Zhiliang seemed to have thought of something yet could not be completely certain. Therefore, he looked towards Zheng Ming.

Zheng Ming spoke not, his expression turning solemn.

After a while, he gazed at Yan Zhaoge who smiled and nodded, “From what I know, these things are materials which are required to establish the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation.”

Zheng Ming slowly said, “Little Friend Yan is greatly knowledgeable. This Zheng feels admiration.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “You overpraise me.”

Zheng Ming shot Yan Zhaoge a deep look. He felt that Yan Zhaoge had acted to save Wen Luoxia earlier precisely for this show.

Facing Zheng Ming’s appraising gaze, Yan Zhaoge seemed to understand what he was thinking.

His expression was frank as he did not appear flustered or restless.

Seeing this, Zheng Ming retracted his gaze, not feeling any dissatisfied.

While Yan Zhaoge had acted with a goal in mind, that scheme of his had been an aboveboard, open one. It was ultimately still left to Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang to make the decision on what to do.

Meanwhile, the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation and its connotations were something that they as descendants of the Southeastern Exalt could not simply ignore.

Having learnt of this, whether or not Yan Zhaoge might benefit from it, they had to act regardless.

On the contrary, they should be feeling grateful to Yan Zhaoge for heaving conveyed the news to them. Otherwise, if the matter escalated afterwards, no one would be able to predict what might crop up as a result.

Amongst people, their impressions of one another, especially first impressions, mattered greatly.

The same person, the same matter but a different impression could lead to diametrically different thoughts.

The often said ‘He’s just likable however I look at him’ or ‘I just don’t like the sight of him’ followed this very principle.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge now, Chen Zhiliang instead felt admiration, “An interesting young fellow, not just outstanding and extraordinary in the area of martial cultivation alone.”

Standing by the side, Bai Ziming remained silent throughout, just observing things silently as he too felt emotional.

Zheng Ming first steered the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel gradually out of the Clear Scenic Region.

Watching the Endless Magnetic Storms gradually disappear behind them, everyone unconsciously relaxed.

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu looked curiously at Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang’s group.

Ah Hu sent secretly via sound transmission, “Young Master, is it fine just telling them this? The Grand Xuan Dynasty can just deny it. The saying goes that adulterers have to be caught in bed and thieves have to be caught with loot. Yet, we don’t know where exactly the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation is located.”

Feng Yunsheng felt doubtful as well, “Could it be in the capital of the Grand Xuan Dynasty? That’s not certain, right…”

The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s lips arched lightly upwards, “It is indeed not certain. However, there is no need to worry. Even if we don’t know, others can.”

Ah Hu glanced at Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang, pulling back the corners of his lips, “It can’t be that if the disciples of the Southeastern Exalt go and ask them directly, those people of the Grand Xuan Dynasty will just bring them over for a look?”

“Of course that isn’t necessary,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Watch quietly. It’s about to begin.”

After pondering for a bit, Zheng Ming glanced at Chen Zhiliang before giving him some instructions via sound transmission.

Chen Zhiliang nodded, swiftly vanishing from the spot.

He reappeared again very soon before handing Zheng Ming a Shadow Shrinking Pouch.

Zheng Ming glanced at Yan Zhaoge and Bai Ziming, not requesting them to take their leave as he directly retrieved some things from the Shadow Shrinking Pouch.

Zheng Ming instantly set up a grand formation on the deck of the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel.

Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly. Indeed, Zheng Ming too was rather proficient in formations.

Streams of light condensed to form numerous runes before they came together to form a grand formation, slowly rising upwards and hovering in the air above the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel.

The next moment, radiance circulated above the grand formation, manifesting numerous images.

The images depicted a vast stretch of land and next the flowing of a long river.

The illusory river extended into the distance, gushing straight towards the great sea.

Zheng Ming sustained this formation while Chen Zhiliang took helm of the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel.

The massive vessel seemed to navigate into the long, illusory river before flowing onwards with the stream.

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu clicked their tongues in wonder upon seeing this.

Ah Hu looked at Yan Zhaoge, who said, “Those who can understand the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation would have a way to find its location. After all, this formation is reliant upon the flow of the earth veins to be established, also being a pure sacrificial formation. It is just that my current cultivation base is still insufficient for this.”

He glanced at Zheng Ming, “Just the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm would be enough.”