Chapter 680: Not Just Blustering

HSSB680: Not just blustering

Yan Zhaoge who was the subject of the musings of Qi Wei and Madame Kang had just shot out from amidst the chaotic flows of space.

Looking at the vast ocean before him, he stroked his lower chin, “This should still be the World beyond Worlds. I wonder if I am still in the Royal Reed Sea right now?”

As he pondered, Yan Zhaoge suddenly saw shocking storms arise in the extreme distance atop the originally calm sea surface.

A hurricane swept along the seawater, shooting up into the horizon.

At the same time, terrifying electricity flickered amidst the storm, leaping as it expanded into the surroundings.

“Endless Magnetic Storms…” Yan Zhaoge felt speechless, “Randomly traipsing amidst space, we actually arrived here in the vicinity of the Clear Scenic Region?”

The Clear Scenic Region was, like the Phoenix Bearing Region and the Heavenly Inheritance Region, part of the seventy-two regions of the Royal Reed Sea.

Still, it was not located in the vicinity of the North Sea where the Heavenly Inheritance Region, the Whole Tower Region and the Suffering River Region were as it was closer to the western region of the Royal Reed Sea.

It was worth mentioning that it was not far away from the headquarters of the Radiant Light Sect…

Due to these terrifying Endless Magnetic Storms, the Clear Scenic Region was a place that aunties didn’t dote on and uncles didn’t love.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty and the Radiant Light Sect had both not occupied this place. It could sort of be considered a buffer zone between the two forces.

It could also be called a natural barrier with which the Radiant Light Sect obstructed the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s advance.

Of course, it merely served to obstruct a single direction.

From another perspective, however, it was an existence like a steep cliff and a deep abyss.

The Radiant Light Sect was not worried about the Grand Xuan Dynasty attacking from this direction. If the Grand Xuan Dynasty assaulted the Radiant Light Sect from elsewhere, they too would not have to worry about their opponents escaping towards the Clear Scenic Region.

Looking at the Endless Magnetic Storms that suffused the area, Yan Zhaoge very wisely chose to retreat, getting farther away from the Clear Scenic Region.

When the storms were at their peak, not only would they rampage about the Clear Scenic Region, the broad territories in the vicinity would be affected as well.

“It is currently right when the Endless Magnetic Storms are rampaging,” Yan Zhaoge shook his head slightly, putting a hand to his forehead as he gazed far into the distance.

Radiance flickered above his head as the Myriad Dragon Palace reappeared.

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu, Pan-Pan and the Northern Ocean Clone were all situated within. They all curiously watched numerous water dragons soar into the skies in the distance, thunderbolts and storms densely filling the area as it was like a scene from the end of the world.

Having been able to cause such a major disturbance in the World beyond Worlds where the dimensional boundaries were stable and the spiritual qi abundant, if such power were to have descended in the likes of the Eight Extremities World, the Vast Ocean World and the Flame Devil World, it would have directly caused a world-shaking tribulation that likely led to extinction.

Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone entered the meditative position and closed his eyes, adjusting his condition unceasingly.

Streams of qi surged from his body, wreathing around him before they were retracted once more, forming a cycle as he inhaled and exhaled.

Looking within himself, it could be discovered that there were already many slight wounds within the Northern Ocean Clone’s body.

While these injuries seemed extremely miniscule such that they were virtually undetectable, any single one of them would have been fatal had they been inflicted on a Martial Grandmaster expert.

All these wounds accumulated appeared minor now, but as time gradually passed, they might pose a major threat and immense danger in the future.

An embankment of ten thousand li could collapse by a single ant’s nest. If the wounds were great enough, their effects could prove decisive.

Still, if he was able to treat and heal these wounds now when they were still slight, they would pose no great threat in the future.

Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone was currently diligently recuperating from these wounds.

With the help of the two Sacred Artifacts, he had entangled with an expert like Cheng Song who was an early Seeing Divinity Martial Saint. While he had not fallen to a disadvantage during that battle, he would still have been affected by it somewhat.

Martial Saint experts who had broken through space to see divinity were no minor thing.

The gap between the third and fourth levels of the Martial Saint realm far surpassed that between the second and third levels.

At the same cultivation level, the Northern Ocean Clone would have been able to easily beat Cheng Song bare-handed without question. However, battling a Seeing Divinity Martial Saint as a Merging Avatar Martial Saint was a whole different story altogether.

Yan Zhaoge controlled the Myriad Dragon Palace to avoid the Endless Magnetic Storms, himself sitting in the meditative position within the Myriad Dragon Palace as he circulated his qi.

In successfully Transcending Mortality and entering Sainthood, due to his sufficient accumulation, Yan Zhaoge virtually did not have to consolidate his foundations and cultivation base at all.

However, he had used up much energy in escaping from the Prime Earth Reversal Formation. Not only had he wielded the Extreme Yang Seal, he had unleashed An Instant’s Thunder as well.

Also, Yan Zhaoge had also made some gains from his consecutive battles with Nong Yuxuan, Cheng Song, Madame Kang and Qi Wei, those competent opponents. He could slowly ponder back on that.

So-called combat experience was always naturally accumulated bit by bit just like this.

Even as Yan Zhaoge moderated his condition, he gazed towards Feng Yunsheng, smiling, “How we offed Nong Yuxuan and those others aside, just that abundant power of corrosion alone was already a major gain in itself for us this time.”

Placing the Cold Sun Divine Sabre horizontally against her thigh, Feng Yunsheng smiled wryly upon hearing his words, “It was indeed abundant, abundant to the point that I almost cannot even lift up my own weapon anymore.”

Yan Zhaoge burst out laughing, “The supreme treasure of the Rahu Star that year, the Rahu Sabre, should have been at least a high-grade Sacred Artifact like the Extreme Yang Seal and the Extreme Ying Crown back then, if my predictions are not off.”

“Afterwards, the Rahu Sabre dispersed and collapsed in form, the great amount of the power of corrosion that remained turning into the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi as it was scattered about. What remained of it, that remnant shell, formed the basic skeleton of this Cold Sun Divine Sabre.”

“Now, most of the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi that was dispersed back then has returned to this sabre. Its power will naturally have risen greatly as a result, and there is that vast amount of the power of cold sun also contained within.”

Yan Zhaoge clicked his tongue in admiration, “It is currently still in the phase of again refining the Dim Glorious Sabre Qi as well as the power of cold sun. Its foundations are deep and its starting point high. With such abundant accumulation now, when all has been completed, it could just directly return to being a high-grade Sacred Artifact as a result.”

“It is already a whole new weapon, yet could receive such fortune. It truly is great luck, rare and fortunate indeed.”

“Such a sabre would naturally not be easily controlled by ordinary Martial Grandmasters. Yunsheng, it is already very uncommon for you. It is completely because you virtually exist alongside this sabre as a joint entity.”

Feng Yunsheng said, “I will not lower my expectations of myself.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I have never been worried for you in that aspect.”

Feng Yunsheng heaved a rare sigh, “I have never been worried about you. You always have ways to resolve difficult problems of all kinds.”

“Earlier, however, that Radiant Light Sect’s Nong Yuxuan mentioned something…”

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, saying candidly, “The sword dao that I cultivate in is indeed of the Prime Clear lineage, being the Immortal Ending Sword of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords.”

“It was an unexpected gain from within the dragon tomb of the Vast Ocean World.”

Feng Yunsheng shook her head, “Everyone has their own fortuitous encounters; such is very normal. I was never going to ask you about the origins about your sword dao. I was talking about what that Nong Yuxuan said. He said that there is a decree by the Earthly Sovereign of the World beyond Worlds that descendants of the Prime Clear lineage are not to set foot in this world. If this matter is true, it is not to be taken lightly.”

Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories.

Amongst them, the Emperors and Sovereigns were more powerful than the Exalts, while the Three Sovereigns were more powerful than the Five Emperors.

The Earthly Sovereign vaguely stood out as the head of the Three Sovereigns. From a certain perspective, he was virtually the hegemon of the World beyond Worlds, the currently known greatest expert.

His words were implemented after spoken, kingly words of jade from a mouth of precious gold.

In the World beyond Worlds, the words of the Earthly Sovereign were the law.

There might be some people who could go against him, but they would first have to be major figures similarly amongst the Sovereigns and the Emperors at the very least. Even those known as the Exalts of Ten Territories might not dare to openly go against him.

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Yes, you don’t say. The news revealed by that bastard might be real rather than just mere blustering.”