Chapter 689: This Is A Family

HSSB689: This is a family

The Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel traversed the horizon, instantly surpassing innumerable mountains and streams.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head to look at the formation above the massive vessel.

As the formation circulated, a change gradually happened with it as it vaguely seemed to be losing its direction.

Yan Zhaoge raised his brows lightly. This signified that the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation set up by the Grand Xuan Dynasty had very likely ceased to circulate, no longer being sustained.

Still, the effects on the earth veins by this formation were long-term.

Therefore, even though the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation had already ceased to circulate now, the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel was still able to follow the changes of the earth veins in seeking out its previous location.

It was just that hurrying over now, it was hard to say whether they might be able to trap those of the Grand Xuan Dynasty where they were.

If they had not detected the arrival of Zheng Ming and the others over in the Royal Reed Sea, those of the Grand Xuan Dynasty might not be concerned about things. If they had learnt about it, they could be removing the traces of their earlier actions right now.

A lofty mountain range appeared on the horizon in the distance.

The Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel soon arrived in the air above the mountain range. Radiance that resembled a round mirror lit up on the massive vessel once more, illuminating the mountain range down below as it scanned the area unceasingly.

Soon, the mirror-light flickered, stopping at a valley.

The valley was illuminated by mirror-light. Instantly, dense, heavy light was emitted from the yellow soil along with it.

However, this light was very weak as it immediately dimmed, virtually vanishing in a flash.

The expressions of Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang both changed slightly.

Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu turned to look at Yan Zhaoge who pondered as he said, “It seems like they got wind of the danger beforehand. Not only has the formation ceased to circulate, it has even been destroyed, all its traces eradicated.”

Zheng Ming’s and Chen Zhiliang’s expressions were stern to the extreme as the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel descended, hovering in the air above the valley.

In the valley between the mountain ranges, some smoke could still be seen rising into the air. Yet, nothing else at all could be seen aside from a few figures, much less traces of the formation.

In the valley amongst the crowd calmly stood a middle-aged man, looking up at the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel in the sky.

While he was gazing upwards, his aura did not emanate any sense of inferiority at all.

While they were not exchanging gazes on equal terms, it instead even vaguely felt like he was gazing down upon the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel and its occupants.

While there were also others in the valley, as this middle-aged man just stood there, not requiring any actions, he already attracted all gazes, within Yan Zhaoge and the others no longer able to easily pay attention to those others present.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze hardened slightly, “From the looks of it, he should be an expert of the Immortal Bridge Martial Saint realm. He should be at the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Immortal Bridge stage. However, his strength seems to surpass the likes of Pavilion Lord Gu Hong of the North Sea Sword Pavilion.”

After having arrived in the World beyond Worlds, Yan Zhaoge had met not just a single Immortal Bridge Martial Saint.

There were those two of the Shenling Nine Swords, one possessing an old appearance and the other possessing a young appearance, as well as Pavilion Lord Gu Hong of the North Sea Sword Pavilion.

While they were at the same cultivation level, the pressure caused by them were far from comparable to that by this middle-aged man currently standing in the valley before them.

Facing this person, Yan Zhaoge vaguely felt like he was facing Endless Magnetic Storms.

That middle-aged man gazed over, just happening to meet Yan Zhaoge’s gaze.

Even though as Zheng Ming, Chen Zhiliang and the others saw it, this middle-aged man was indeed a focal point, they were unable to tell the specific depths and nature of his abilities.

However, as Yan Zhaoge came into contact with his gaze, he was able to see many things from within.

That gaze in which no ripples arose resembled a long river of time, extending over from ancient times all the way till now.

Within was contained the eternal power of time, also bearing the continual flowing of time. While there appeared to be the liveliness of an infant, there were also the vicissitudes of an elderly man.

Yan Zhaoge understood that this was the appearance of one who had already achieved a certain level of attainment in cultivating the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

It seemed like in the eyes of the Grand Xuan Dynasty previously, the most important matter had indeed been the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation.

The person before them could virtually be said to be the current number one expert of the Royal Reed Sea. Yet, no news had been heard of him at all before this as he had guarded this valley, guarded this Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation, not leaving his post throughout.

Shen Lingzi’s lineage indeed lived up to their cultivation of the direct lineage martial arts of the Jade Clear lineage, producing numerous experts as it was more powerful than the Grand Xuan royal line.

A low, heavy voice resounded within the valley, coming precisely from that middle-aged man, “This one is Kang Ping, former Grand Master Shen Lingzi. Are you descendants of the Southeastern Exalt?”

His voice was not loud, no power fluctuations emanating from within.

However, the multi-coloured light surrounding the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel suddenly rippled like water.

Zheng Ming’s expression did not change, “Zheng Ming of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage. Greetings, Mister Kang.”

The middle-aged man, Kang Ping, said, “By the grace of the Southeastern Exalt back then, we were allowed to remain in the Royal Reed Sea. I wonder whether in having come here today, you might have some instructions for us?”

Only now did Zheng Ming’s gaze shift away from Kang Ping, scanning the valley.

“Kang…Ping?” Yan Zhaoge exchanged looks with Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu.

Chen Zhiliang now spoke, “We could not hope to instruct you. We only have doubts that we would like you, Mister Kang, to alleviate for us.”

Kang Ping said mildly, “Please say it.”

Gazing at him, Chen Zhiliang slowly asked, “When your Grand Master, King Xuanwen and Daoist Shi, those seniors, came to the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory in the past, your group reported to our Master that you wanted to borrow the environment of the Royal Reed Sea to concoct the Eight Trigrams Treasured Yang Immortal Pill.”

“I would venture to ask Mister Kang-in concocting the Eight Trigrams Treasured Yang Immortal Pill, would you need to establish the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation?”

Kang Ming’s expression was calm as the waters of a lake as he answered matter-of-factly, “That naturally wouldn’t be required. There certainly isn’t any Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation here.”

Chen Zhiliang’s gaze hardened as Kang Ping’s gaze fell on the formation that still shone brightly above the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel, “Did you find us through that Earth Returning Fleeing Formation? It is no wonder then. Previously, we set up a Source Flowing Earth Birthing Formation here to gather the underground qi, therefore having caused chaos in the flowing of the earth veins.”

Chen Zhiliang shot Kang Ping a deep glance.

The Earth Returning Fleeing Formation could only seek out land where the earth veins had been disturbed. Meanwhile, it was not just the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation which was able to disturb the earth veins. The Source Flowing Earth Birthing Formation would have done so as well.

His hands behind his back, Kang Ping said neither hurriedly nor slowly, “As per the wishes of our late ancestors, we have been diligently focused on the pill concoction. Naturally, we would only set up those formations that would benefit our pill concoction. The Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation naturally wouldn’t be required for this. With the wise discernment of the Southeastern Exalt, I believe that you would not be fooled by some totally baseless accusations.”

Chen Zhiliang looked at Zheng Ming, who was suddenly taken aback.

“Ye Xin, why are you here?”

Chen Zhiliang was more astonished upon hearing his words. His attention shifted away from Kang Ping as he gazed over towards where Zheng Ming was looking. Indeed, he saw a tall girl standing in the valley as well.

Wen Luoxia asked in puzzlement, “Senior apprentice-sister Ye?”

That girl was her senior apprentice-sister as well as Chen Zhiliang’s other personal disciple, Ye Xin. They had arrived in the Royal Reed Sea together before this, yet had been temporarily separated.

Ye Xin flew up and ascended the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel, bowing towards Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang, “Master, senior apprentice-uncle.”

Chen Zhiliang gazed at her appraisingly, “Why are you here?”

Ye Xin answered, “I had just wanted to report this to Master. Someone came over from the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, covertly entering our southeastern Yang Heaven Territory and entering the Royal Reed Sea. This disciple ran into that person and nearly came to harm. Thankfully, I was saved by the people of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.”

Chen Zhiliang frowned, “Knowing your identity, they instead wanted to act against you?”

Ye Xin nodded, anger as well as lingering fear appearing on her face, “It was precisely so.”

Zheng Ming and Chen Zhiliang exchanged glances, their gazes becoming even more solemn.

Kang Ping’s gaze now instead fell on Yan Zhaoge, “Having been granted permission to reside here by the Southeastern Exalt’s grace, we are naturally obligated to help out in encountering such matters.”

“Still, this Kang also has some grudges to settle with this young brother here.”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze swept the area, seeing that Madame Kang, Qi Wei, Kang Jinyuan and Kang Maosheng had all appeared in this valley together.