Chapter 692: A Wonderful Experience

HSSB692: A wonderful experience

Bai Ziming felt rather puzzled, unable to comprehend the deeper meaning underlying Qi Wei’s words.

He was not of the World beyond Worlds, instead hailing from one of the lower worlds as he had ascended to the World beyond Worlds after having attained the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Seeing Divinity stage.

In the world that he came from, he had not heard of the name of the Extreme Yang Seal.

Still, this did not hinder him from realising its importance.

Just seeing the sudden change in expression of Zheng Ming atop the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel, he could already tell how significant and out of the ordinary this matter was.

Meanwhile, beside Zheng Ming, Wen Luoxia and Ye Xin first appeared bewildered. Still, they very quickly came to a realisation, next looking towards Yan Zhaoge with shock evident on their faces.

As Chen Zhiliang heard this in the valley down below, he was similarly greatly shocked as he virtually gazed unconsciously upwards at the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel within the sky.

Seeing Zheng Ming’s look, Bai Ziming silently thought, “This is not much different from back when he had just heard about that Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation thingy previously…”

The old man grew alert as within his gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge, the envy and greed vanished completely to be replaced by extreme caution.

Bai Ziming felt that just like Kang Ping’s group who had previously set up the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation, Yan Zhaoge too had a major secret. If he got swept up in it, it would not end well for him.

“The Exalted Solar Luminary…” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes slightly.

The scene that first surfaced within his mind was that of the remnant fist-intent back when he had obtained the Extreme Yang Seal back in the Earth Domain of the Eight Extremities World that year.

That fist-intent had condensed into the figure of a young man, though his features had appeared indistinct.

This person should have been the original owner of the Extreme Yang Seal, the one who had forged this high-grade Sacred Artifact.

He was the Exalted Solar Luminary that Qi Wei and the other spoke of?

There seemed to be many who knew of him in the World beyond Worlds.

Yan Zhaoge noticed the gazes of Zheng Ming, Wen Luoxia and Ye Xin that were on him.

He considered for a moment before smiling, “I know of the Extreme Yang Seal. However, I had not heard of the name of the Exalted Solar Luminary before. I have shown an ignorant side.”

The expressions of Zheng Ming and the others instantly grew strange.

They all exchanged looks as Wen Luoxia could not help but ask, “This…Young Master Yan, could it be that you are not of the World beyond Worlds, instead having come from the lower worlds?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded candidly, “It is precisely so. Through a bit of fortune, I happened to arrive in this World beyond Worlds.”

Wen Luoxia had still wanted to ask something. Still, seeing Zheng Ming’s solemn gaze, she could not help but swallow the words back in, ceasing to speak.

Zheng Ming asked slowly, “Little Friend Yan has never heard of the name of the Exalted Solar Luminary before?”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms apart, answering, “I know of the Extreme Yang Seal, and also of the Extreme Yang Scripture. Still, I had indeed not heard of the famed name of the Exalted Solar Luminary before this.”

Seeing his frank expression, Zheng Ming’s gaze turned even stranger.

“He even knows of the Extreme Yang Scripture, yet is unaware of the Exalted Solar Luminary’s name?” Zheng Ming felt even more perplexed.

He looked at Kang Ping in the valley down below who had earlier acted in an attempt to slay Yan Zhaoge before them all.

Was it that Kang Ping knew that Yan Zhaoge actually had no direct relation with the Extreme Yang Seal’s original owner, thus having no reservations about this, or was it that that figure who stood behind Kang Ping had been opposed to the Exalted Solar Luminary from the start?

If it was the former, it meant that Kang Ping was purely trying to take revenge against Yan Zhaoge as he tried to bring him trouble. That would really be harmless.

If it was the latter, it meant that things were much more complicated than they seemed.

What sort of figure was the Exalted Solar Luminary Gao Han? He was a legendary survivor of the Great Calamity, a peak expert who had forged the current situation of the World beyond Worlds, rebuilding the martial civilisation of Daoism.

More than a thousand years ago when he had last been seen, his cultivation base had already been at least on par with that of the figure currently behind Kang Ping.

If he was still alive now, bar any major incidences, he would surely be even stronger.

The important figure behind Kang Ping would not be able to stand against him!

However, Kang Ping had still tried to kill Yan Zhaoge earlier. Zheng Ming felt that he was a cautious, rational person who would not act like this over a mere moment’s fury.

What could exist behind this caused even Zheng Ming to involuntarily shiver just thinking about it.

Of course, this could have been intentionally done by Kang Ping in order to increase his side’s momentum.

It was just that like this, Yan Zhaoge’s background became even more indiscernible in Zheng Ming’s eyes.

Zheng Ming definitely would not believe that Yan Zhaoge was completely unrelated to Gao Han.

However, while Yan Zhaoge had admitted to possessing the Extreme Yang Seal, even being versed in the Extreme Yang Seal, what significance was there in him denying that he knew who Gao Han was?

It was like watching the restored Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation through the scenes of light in the valley. However much Kang Ping and the others tried to deny the fact, it would be impossible.

“Perhaps although he has been in contact with the Exalted Solar Luminary before, he only obtained the Extreme Yang Seal and the legacy of the Extreme Yang Scripture, with the Exalted Solar Luminary not having mentioned his identity to him?” Zheng Ming wondered, yet dared not think any further.

It was best for him not to lightly guess at the thoughts of major figures of this level.

Just reporting all that he knew to his Master, he would have faithfully completed his responsibilities.

At this point, Zheng Ming looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Little Friend Yan…”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, answering, “I came to the World beyond Worlds due to having some enmity to settle with a sect of the Royal Reed Sea, the Radiant Light Sect.”

Zheng Ming opened his mouth, but swallowed back what he had been about to say.

Kang Ping and the others had to account for things to the Southeastern Exalt because they had set up a Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation here within the territory of the southeastern Yang Heaven Region. If something were to crop up due to this matter, the Southeastern Exalt would definitely be affected as a result.

As for Yan Zhaoge, whether or not he had been tasked with bearing the mission of the Extreme Yang Seal’s original owner, even if it had been so, it currently could not be ascertained that this issue was indeed related to the Southeastern Exalt.

If the matter of the Radiant Light Sect was indeed just Yan Zhaoge’s problem alone, the Southeastern Exalt would not get involved in it.

The various major powers of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory attacked one another all the time. Some sects being exterminated were also not unheard of. If no real chaos truly ensued, the Southeastern Exalt would just not care about it.

If someone were to interfere with the schemes of the Exalted Solar Luminary now, that would be equivalent to openly creating enmity with him.

If the methods of the Exalted Solar Luminary were set to be used in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, it would be impossible for the Southeastern Exalt to let it go just like that.

It was just that there were currently no signs that showed this.

Whether there was really enmity between Yan Zhaoge and the Radiant Light Sect would be very easy to ascertain.

Zheng Ming sighed, shaking his head slightly, “Does Little Friend Yan have the intention of coming to our Golden Court Mountain as a guest?”

While they would not be able to forcibly interfere, they still hoped to understand the situation as much as possible, not being completely ignorant as to what was going on.

“Of course I would want to,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Still, if it is convenient, I want to finish settling my private matters in the Royal Reed Sea first before heading to Golden Court Mountain afterwards.”

“I have long heard of the famed name of the Southeastern Exalt. Naturally, I hope that I will be able to meet him.”

Zheng Ming thought that the private matters that Yan Zhaoge spoke of should be his enmity with the Radiant Light Sect.

He said, “Junior apprentice-brother Chen will be guiding that Mister Kang to meet our Master. I will be remaining in the Royal Reed Sea to investigate some things.”

His meaning therein was that it was impossible for him to act on Yan Zhaoge’s behalf.

This was also only natural. While they would not rush Yan Zhaoge to immediately meet the Southeastern Exalt as they had done Kang Ping, even as they did not prevent Yan Zhaoge from going to look for the Radiant Light Sect to seek vengeance, they would not lend him a hand as well.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “To me, having been able to travel with your group has already been a wonderful experience. You are polite.”

Of course it was wonderful. He had gained much more than he had previously predicted.