Chapter 698: Also Caused By This Yan

HSSB698: Also caused by this Yan

This was also the first time Yan Zhaoge was meeting the Radiant Light Sect higher echelon experts as led by Luo Zhiyuan up close.

Being stared at by so many Seeing Divinity Martial Saints, just their gazes alone made it seem like it was a furnace.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, appearing not to mind it.

Amidst this current environment, however much those of the Radiant Light Sect wanted to tear him into shreds, they would not be able to manage it.

Right amongst them stood Pavilion Lord Gu Hong of the North Sea Sword Pavilion, his gaze sweeping through the surrounding crowd.

Where his gaze passed, it seemed like a tangible blade as it slashed off the gazes of all those who harboured ill intent towards Yan Zhaoge.

Luo Zhiyuan swivelled his head, meeting Gu Hong’s gaze. Gu Hong did not let off in the slightest.

“He may be connected to the Grand Xuan Dynasty. Otherwise, it would be impossible to explain how he managed to flee from the hands of two fifth level Martial Saint experts,” Luo Zhiyuan said mildly, “One of those two even being a formations grandmaster.”

As the Chief of the Radiant Light Sect, he was dressed completely in black, being diametrically different from the other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners beside him who wore white.

At the head of the Dim Darkness Sect martial practitioners who were garbed in black, the Chief of the Dim Darkness Sect, Zhou Haosheng, was instead dressed in white.

The two sides stood at a standoff, rather resembling the picture of a Taiji diagram with fish of yin and yang.

Zhou Haosheng stroked his beard, smiling, “Don’t forget who it was who broke the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation. Was it your Radiant Light Sect?”

The faces of those of the Radiant Light Sect all darkened somewhat as they grew more irritated.

Luo Zhiyuan’s expression did not change, “This old man feels deeply apologetic at Yuxuan’s mistakes, also having already apologised to Pavilion Lord Gu for it. Still, this is not in conflict with the matter that we are discussing now.”

Gu Hong and Zhou Haosheng raised their brows slightly.

A Dim Darkness Sect longtime Elder asked, “Could Chief Luo mean that the Grand Xuan Dynasty wrecked their own Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation such that this Little Friend Yan would be able to gain our trust, thus serving greater use in baiting us into some greater crisis?”

“What kind of crisis could be comparable to the Grinding Hut Region’s sword domain being broken by the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation?”

That Dim Darkness Sect Elder snorted, “The worst case scenario would be us battling to the death without any territorial advantages.”

An Elder beside Luo Zhiyuan said slowly, “Each thing should be scrutinised on its own. Perhaps this Yan Zhaoge indeed wrecked the plans of the Grand Xuan Dynasty last time, but this does not mean that they could not have established a cooperative relationship afterwards.”

“This fellow was likely captured alive by the Grand Xuan Dynasty. In order to stay alive, his allegiance is now with the Grand Xuan Dynasty as he has returned to fool us, atoning for his crimes with merit.”

Another Radiant Light Sect Elder beside him said coldly, “The Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation having been broken, the Grand Xuan Dynasty should indeed hate him to the core. Yet, the other side might also have people with foresight, not focusing on their past losses as they instead concentrated on future schemes, making use of this fellow possibly having obtained our trust and working off that basis.”

This person’s gaze was like an eagle’s as he stared fixatedly at Yan Zhaoge, “We should check him first, seeing if there are any restrictions or perhaps mechanisms placed on him by someone else.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed upon hearing his words, “Does this mean that I could only be considered innocent if I had died at the hands of the Grand Xuan Dynasty back then?”

That Dim Darkness Sect Elder’s expression was indifferent, “You can try. See if you can escape alive from two of my sect’s fifth level Martial Saint experts at once, proving my deduction to be wrong.”

They all fell silent for a time.

Honestly speaking, this was something that everyone was puzzled about. It was the same for those of the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Dim Darkness Sect as well.

Everyone felt it utterly beyond comprehension how Yan Zhaoge might have been able to escape alive before the combined forces of Madame Kang and Qi Wei.

While they knew that Yan Zhaoge was a heaven-defying genius, possessing great strength, the gap between their abilities was still much too large at the end of the day.

Those of the Radiant Light Sect too suspected that even with the Extreme Yang Seal, it should still not have been this way, unless Yan Zhaoge had been able to wield the power of the seal for a long period of time or unleash its full power.

However, that should be impossible with Yan Zhaoge’s current cultivation base.

Therefore, Yan Zhaoge whom they had originally thought dead currently standing before them in the flesh, they were all astonished, unable to get their heads around it.

Wu Zixiu frowned, “In having come here this time, Little Friend Yan has an important matter to report. It cannot be delayed.”

The other side clashed head-on, “Not verifying whether he is a spy of the Grand Xuan Dynasty, who knows if his news is real or false, actually being a scheme of the Grand Xuan Dynasty? Now that the Grand Xuan Dynasty is acting so strangely, he just happens to appear right now. Is it not suspicious?”

Yan Zhaoge chortled, “Could the descendants of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage be in cahoots with the Grand Xuan Dynasty, luring you into a trap?”

Everyone momentarily felt suffocated.

Copper Men Island’s Chief Gongsun Wu raised his brows, “Do not speak drivel. Such things cannot be joked about.”

Everyone felt the same way. Having heard Yan Zhaoge’s earlier words, they could only feel as though their hearts were about to leap out of their chests.

Of course that couldn’t be joked about. If the Southeastern Exalt were to back up the Grand Xuan Dynasty like this, they would be completely helpless to resist. There would also be no need for them to join hands like they were doing now. They might as well just disperse and make their ways home.

Even if it was just disciples of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage who had such intentions, everyone would already have to carefully weigh the significance of things.

Speaking of this again, if Golden Court Mountain really had such intentions, there would be no need for them to use schemes. They could simply just sweep over them with their overpowering might.

While all the bigwigs were not doing anything, just standing there all at once, their aura was virtually sufficient to cause others to suffocate.

However, Yan Zhaoge remained calm and at ease amidst his words, “Doesn’t it sound ridiculous, like it cannot be joked about? This already proves that it is completely impossible.”

He raised his head, his gaze scanning across Luo Zhiyuan’s group, “However I managed to survive is not something that you should worry about. For now, the main issue at hand is how to deal with the upcoming situation within the Royal Reed Sea.”

“Due to having angered the Southeastern Exalt, the Grand Xuan Dynasty will be retreating on a full scale and keeping a low profile. They have sent someone to the Southeastern Exalt to explain things, and before an end has come to this matter, the Grand Xuan Dynasty will first have to shrink back its head like a tortoise.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled leisurely, “If everyone feels the current movements of the Grand Xuan Dynasty to be strange, this is the reason for it.”

It was silent once more, silent as had never been before.

The next moment, while no one spoke, private conversations erupted mightily amongst the crowd.

True essence roiled as sound transmissions occurred all around.

Everyone exchanged looks all over the place, their gazes full of shock and disbelief.

The Pavilion Lord of the North Sea Sword Pavilion, Gu Hong, asked in a deep tone, “What exactly was this about? How did the Grand Xuan Dynasty anger the Southeastern Exalt?”

During this time, Wu Zixiu had already conveyed things to Zhou Haosheng via sound transmission.

After hearing it, Zhou Haosheng too was astonished beyond compare, his gaze full of inquisitiveness as he looked at Yan Zhaoge.

Wu Zixiu glanced at him. Zhou Haosheng pondered deeply for a moment before nodding slowly.

“It’s actually like this…” Wu Zixiu broke the apparent silence on the surface, beginning to narrate what Yan Zhaoge had come to find him about.

After hearing all of it, everyone felt overwhelmed as they all stared at Yan Zhaoge, “That means…”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, nodding, “Right. Sorry for my inadequacies, but strictly speaking, this matter was also caused by this Yan.”