Chapter 695: Doubts Alleviated!

HSSB695: Doubts alleviated

The situation introduced to him by Wen Luoxia alleviated many of Yan Zhaoge’s doubts.

Still, the more he came to know, the more new things he wondered about.

From his conversation with Wen Luoxia, Yan Zhaoge could be certain that someone had indeed played down the role of some things within history.

As a direct descendant of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage, Wen Luoxia’s understanding of history was merely surface understanding, most of it being legends.

Like this, the Dim Darkness Sect who possessed the legacy of a great power not having had much historical information passed down was still understandable.

For smaller powers and ordinary citizens, even less had to be said regarding this.

The historical knowledge that everyone was rather more familiar with was basically the situation of the past thousand years after the global situation of the World beyond Worlds had been stabilised.

As for even earlier history, most of it was buried amidst the river of time, perhaps only a limited few who had witnessed it personally being privy to its actual contents.

Wen Luoxia’s current words might not be entirely accurate as well. Yan Zhaoge understood this, merely using them as a reference.

Even so, he still felt rather shocked by it.

“The Exalted Solar Luminary, Gao Han…was that his real name?” Yan Zhaoge pondered.

Looking at Wen Luoxia, he feigned nonchalance as he asked, “I wonder if this Exalted Solar Luminary of the Sun Star as well as the current Earthly Sovereign and Hidden Sovereign were of the direct lineage of the Three Purities or members of the past Divine Palace of the Heavenly Court?”

Wen Luoxia was taken aback, “The Kunlun Nine Luminaries rebuilt Kunlun Mountain, continuing the legacies of the past. It is rumoured that they grasped supreme martial arts of the Jade Clear lineage.”

“However, whether they were of the direct lineage or just obtained their scriptures by chance is something that I as a junior would not know. My old Grand Master might know about it, though.”

Kunlun Mountain’s Jade Illusory Palace had been the dao arena of the legendary founder of the Jade Clear lineage, the Lord of Primordial Beginning.

Wen Luoxia continued, “If it is the Grand Clear lineage, many sects of post-Great Calamity times are actually related to it somewhat.”

The founder of the Grand Clear lineage, the Lord of the Dao and Virtue, had established the thriving martial civilisation, enlightening myriad beings in beginning on the path of cultivation.

Afterwards, all of them had flourished and blossomed over many long years, innumerable experts opening one new path after another time and time again, leaving behind more and more legacies.

If one were to be looser about it, more than ninety percent of Daoist martial practitioners could be considered descendants of the Grand Clear lineage.

Following the time of the Great Calamity, whether people had directly inherited legacies of the past or unearthed old martial arts and developed newer ones from them, all of them had benefited from the founder of the Grand Clear lineage.

Wen Luoxia paused slightly before saying, “As for the Prime Clear lineage…the Earthly Sovereign once decreed that their descendants are not allowed to set foot in the World beyond Worlds.”

Hearing this, the corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth twitched slightly.

Still, he had already benefited greatly from learning all this.

Yan Zhaoge mentally communicated quietly with the Extreme Yang Seal.

Accompanied by his gradually deepening connection with the Extreme Yang Seal, his understanding of this treasure had been growing increasingly deeper as well as he had gradually come to detect many abnormal things.

For example, the fist-intent of the Exalted Solar Luminary Gao Han that had sealed the crevice to the Nine Underworlds in the Earth Domain that year which he had observed was indeed purely from the Extreme Yang Scripture.

However, in the Extreme Yang Seal itself, aside from the glorious true intent of the Sun Star that was contained within, Yan Zhaoge could vaguely detect the presence of other concepts as well.

They actually somewhat resembled the concepts of the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture and the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture of the ten Primordial Heavenly Scriptures of the Jade Clear lineage.

The power of the Extreme Yang Seal vaguely resembled the legendary Cyclic Heavenly Seal which domineeringly suppressed the heavens and the earth, reversing all extremities!

At the same time, as compared to the fragmented version which he had once viewed in the martial repository of the Divine Palace, the Extreme Yang Scripture that he currently grasped was not just more complete, but more intricately profound and powerful as well.

Yet, the more Yan Zhaoge cultivated in it, the more Yan Zhaoge felt like the improvements and refinement of the current Extreme Yang Scripture had somewhat used the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture of the Jade Clear lineage as a reference.

Like the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture and the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture, the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture was one of the later six scriptures of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, possessing the infinite profundities of the variations between yin and yang.

Amongst them was naturally contained extreme yin and extreme yang as well.

Yan Zhaoge pondered, “It is more or less like I predicted, but the situation is even more complicated. I really made a right choice in coming to this World beyond Worlds. Otherwise, having been sold off by someone, I might still even be busily helping them to count their money.”

Zheng Ming’s group and even Kang Ping’s group might not know this, but Yan Zhaoge was the clearest on it.

The Exalted Solar Luminary Gao Han had previously placed the Extreme Yang Seal in the deep abyss of the Eight Extremities World’s Earth Domain to pull the wool over someone’s eyes even as he had done so to suppress the crevice to the Nine Underworlds.

Who had he wanted to fool?

After fooling that someone, where had he gone, and what had he done?

Yan Zhaoge curled his lips. Gao Han aside, that woman who had left the Extreme Yin Crown behind was possibly of the Kunlun Nine Luminaries as well.

Adding on the remnant shell of the Rahu Sabre, Yan Zhaoge could not help but sigh inwardly at how the waters of the Eight Extremities World were shallow yet contained so many hybrid dragons.

Even as Yan Zhaoge pondered on this, someone was paying attention to and pondering about him.

That female martial practitioner named Ye Xin currently had a rather complex expression on her face as she watched Yan Zhaoge converse with Wen Luoxia from the side.

She had actually felt very awkward just now.

Kang Ping and the others had aided her. Owing them a debt of gratitude, she had originally intended to speak on the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s behalf in front of her master and her senior apprentice-uncle.

Who knew that the major problem of the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation would suddenly arise, leaving her only able to wait obediently by the side, even having to rejoice at not having spoken too much and said something wrong earlier.

At the end of it all, Kang Ping had been forced to travel far away to Golden Court Mountain to meet the Southeastern Exalt. The Grand Xuan Dynasty which had held a major advantage in the Royal Reed Sea had not suffered damage, yet now had to suffer in silence in keeping a low profile.

Meanwhile, this youth before her was still living in a relaxed and carefree manner.

Even as Ye Xin was astonished at Yan Zhaoge already possessing such a cultivation base at such a young age, she was more shocked by his overturning the heavens of the Royal Reed Sea with the mere flipping of a hand.

While he had borrowed their might to do this, not just anyone would have been able to accomplish this successfully with experts whom they did not have deep ties with.

Thinking of the Extreme Yang Seal, thinking of the Exalted Solar Luminary, Ye Xin came to the slight realisation now that this youth before her was doubtlessly one with great fortune surrounding him.

Amidst everyone’s complex emotions, the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel travelled far, traversing ten thousand li in a single breath.

Ye Xin was the first to recover. She had to guide her senior apprentice-uncle to where she had previously met with danger.

Partway through their journey, Yan Zhaoge bid his farewell to Zheng Ming and the others, disembarking from the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel alongside Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu.

Watching the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel disappearing into the horizon in a flash, no lingering trace of it remaining, Ah Hu wiped his saliva, “Young Master, if only we had a boat like that.”

After he had finished speaking, finding that Yan Zhaoge was not responding, Ah Hu turned to look at him. He found that Yan Zhaoge was not looking at the Riding Wind Heavenly Vessel. Instead, he had turned back and was gazing in the opposite direction.

It was the direction from which they had come, in which the valley where the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation had previously been erected was located.

Ah Hu asked, “Young Master, what is it? Did someone from the Grand Xuan Dynasty follow us?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “I didn’t discover anyone following us. I’m just feeling that formation from earlier to be rather strange.”

“Strange?” A curious Ah Hu asked, “Strange in what way?”

Yan Zhaoge retracted his gaze, “It was a light image restored through a secret technique after all, not being the real, actual formation. I cannot say this for certain. However, I feel that it was somewhat different from the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation that I know of from past experience.”