Chapter 704: No Mishaps Can Be Condoned!

HSSB704: No mishaps can be condoned

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Zhou Haosheng’s gaze was heavy as he seemed to want to say something, yet ultimately still didn’t voice it out loud.

Just how could someone who had only just stepped into the Martial Saint realm be sufficiently qualified to share the Dim Radiant Mausoleum with a massive entity like the Dim Darkness Sect?

If it were an ordinary person, not even having to employ violence, the Dim Darkness Sect would also have countless ways of keeping them from participating.

However, Zhou Haosheng lacked such confidence with Yan Zhaoge.

If it was suppressing people with force, first not mentioning Yan Zhaoge being on good terms with descendants of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage, just him having previously broken the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation and even caused the Grand Xuan Dynasty to retreat made it such that the Dim Darkness Sect could not really make things difficult for him.

The enmity between Yan Zhaoge and the Radiant Light Sect could not be alleviated. He was a natural ally of the Dim Darkness Sect.

“The Radiant Light Sect…” Zhou Haosheng’s heart jolted slightly.

Currently, he and Yan Zhaoge having broken through space, seeking a path to the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, with his understanding of the Radiant Light Sect, also possessing some clues, they should have been alerted over on their end as well.

While his side grasped the initial head start, they were still not completely confident in their success.

If Yan Zhaoge entered and was able to draw the attention of the Radiant Light Sect to a very great extent, it might not be a bad thing for the Dim Darkness Sect as well.

Zhou Haosheng glanced at Yan Zhaoge, thinking, “If it really is dangerous, I could simply help him out. Still, since he wants to share in the gains from the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, he will naturally have to bear the corresponding risks as well.”

Having decided thus, Zhou Haosheng said, “Our sect will soon head off after some slight preparations. If Little Friend Yan has nothing else on hand, why not come along with us?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, saying, “This Yan has been very free lately. I can depart at any time.”

……

At the same time, the higher echelon experts of the Radiant Light Sect were all gathered together

at their headquarters, atop the Sun Moon Peak of the Virtuous Spirit Region in the Royal Reed Sea.

All their expressions were dark and gloomy, “That fella surnamed Yan must be exterminated, or he will definitely pose a major threat in the future.”

Someone said coldly, “He is already a major threat now. Even though he has only just stepped into the Martial Saint realm, he has already broken the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation and successfully escaped from two fifth level Martial Saints joining forces. With such methods, how can he be evaluated as just any ordinary early Merging Avatar Martial Saint?”

“Who knows if he will suddenly pull off something big again?”

Someone else said, “The North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Dim Darkness Sect are both protecting him now, and Copper Men Island too will not help us. If he does not deliver himself up to us on his own accord, it would be very difficult for us to catch him.”

That person from earlier said, “If we cannot easily catch him, we should first descend to the Eight Extremities World and take down his Broad Creed Mountain, exterminating all those related to him.”

“With the Grand Xuan Dynasty temporarily lying low, unable to do anything for the upcoming period of time, we could simply level that Eight Extremities World of his before considering anything else.”

An old man opposite him frowned, “There would not be much value in that. The Extreme Yang Seal has already been brought up by him to the World beyond Worlds. We would not have any tangible gains from levelling the Eight Extremities World.”

The one opposing him replied, “Let us first vent all our anger! However much we have declined from our mighty lineage of the past, since when has it fallen to a brat of the lower worlds to show off and act arrogantly, climbing over our heads?”

“First was Deng Sen’s group. Then, Yuxuan and junior apprentice-brother Cheng died because of him as well. We have not suffered such great losses even at the hands of the Grand Xuan Dynasty!”

That old man had still wanted to say something when a Radiant Light Sect longtime Elder by the side suddenly said in a careful tone, “It might not be that we will have no tangible gains. Instead, it could very well be to the contrary.”

“Oh?” Everyone was taken aback.

That Radiant Light Sect longtime Elder said, “As this old man conversed with Mister Zhang Chao who ascended from the Eight Extremities World previously, I came to take note of a particular thing.”

“In the Eight Extremities World, there is someone who is known as the Painting Saint, Old Man Mo. He is of the same generation as Zhang Chao, just that he is rather mysterious, with Zhang Chao too not understanding much about him.”

“However, according to Zhang Chao’s words, he once coincidentally saw this Old Man Mo executing the martial art Extinguishing Spirit Sword Qi. Still, it was just once, and as that person is proficient in a wide array of martial arts, he was unable to see through his depths.”

Hearing this, the others all fell into deep thought.

That Radiant Light Sect longtime Elder continued, “Zhang Chao was unfamiliar with this martial art. Still, from his descriptions, this old man can be at least eighty percent certain that it should be the Extinguishing Spirit Sword Qi.”

The faces of the other Radiant Light Sect Elders all sunk, “If it is the Extinguishing Spirit Sword Qi, could it be the person who slipped through the net whom we were continually searching for all those years ago? Could he be in the Eight Extremities World?”

“He likely possesses a treasure that is related to the Emperor and the Dim Radiant Mausoleum! We have really stumbled upon something good this time.”

Everyone agreed, “It seems like we must make that trip to the Eight Extremities World this time.”

Even that old man who had been against it earlier nodded slowly after pondering for a moment.

The black-robed Luo Zhiyuan sat on the primary seat, watching all this silently. He was just about to speak when his expression suddenly changed slightly.

He suddenly got up, vanishing from the great hall.

The Radiant Light Sect’s higher echelon experts all exchanged looks, feeling bemused at this.

Still, just a short moment later, Luo Zhiyuan reappeared within the great hall, his expression having turned grave.

“Someone is attempting to seek out the location of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum,” Luo Zhiyuan said in a heavy tone, “The resonance of the treasures is strong as has never been before. The other party is only a step away from locating the path to the Dim Radiant Mausoleum at most.”

As soon as the words left his mouth, the great hall instantly fell silent.

A Radiant Light Sect Elder inhaled deeply, “It must be those rebels of the Dim Darkness Sect. Them aside, it couldn’t be anybody else.”

Someone asked in puzzlement, “How could they have made this much progress all of a sudden?”

Exchanging glances, everyone suddenly realised something to their great shock.

Yan Zhaoge was currently very close with the Dim Darkness Sect. At the same time, he too hailed from the Eight Extremities World, being acquainted with Old Man Mo…

“A coincidence, or…” A Radiant Light Sect Elder wondered aloud hesitantly.

Luo Zhiyuan now said slowly, “I’m afraid it shouldn’t be a coincidence!”

“Nong Yuxuan once mentioned before his death that that Yan Zhaoge seemed unusual during the Dim Sun Cold Moon Ritual. With his cultivation base, it should not have been possible for him to refine the majestic power of reversed sun and moon so easily. From the looks of it now, this was indeed not without reason.”

“It is not just the Extreme Yang Seal. That thing which we have been looking for all these years has been brought along by him to the World beyond Worlds as well!”

The expressions of the Radiant Light Sect experts were gloomy, “Then, now…”

Luo Zhiyuan shook his head, “Whether it is to us or the Dim Darkness Sect, the significance of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum surpasses that of the Extreme Yang Seal!”

“No mishaps can be condoned!”

Everyone nodded in unison, “That’s right. The Dim Radiant Mausoleum is all-important if we are to restore the former brilliance of our sect. It is not just the resting place of the late Emperor. Many treasures of our former Dim Radiant Sect should be stored within as well. It is only having gained these legacies that we will be able to break free of our chains, no longer having to limit ourselves to this mere, good-for-nothing Royal Reed Sea.”

It possessed similarly great significance for the Dim Darkness Sect. Following the shift in power at the end of this zero sum game, the resulting gap between the two sides really need not be said.

Lowering their head to the Dim Darkness Sect-before that humiliation, even their fury towards Yan Zhaoge was not worth mentioning at all.

Luo Zhiyuan said, “Keep a close eye on the movements of the Dim Darkness Sect…that Yan Zhaoge, he might move as well!”