Chapter 717: Embryonic Immortal Artifact

HSSB717: Embryonic Immortal Artifact

Yan Zhaoge met Yin Tianxia’s gaze.

While it was just a sliver of will, Yan Zhaoge felt like he had really traversed millennia, meeting face to face with this mighty hero and hegemon of his time.

Now, he finally knew why Yin Tianxia’s coffin was empty and where exactly his corpse had gone to.

The ritual established by this Dim Radiant Emperor following his death was actually to transform his own body into this Dim Radiant Wheel!

A supreme, almighty treasure that surpassed Sacred Artifacts.

A legendary Immortal Artifact!

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was dim and distant, “Who would have thought that there would actually be an Immortal Artifact here, even though it is one that has still yet to be completed…”

Not all Martial Saints had accompanying Sacred Artifacts. Immortal Artifacts were extremely hard to come by in much the same way. One had to possess a cultivation base comparable to Yin Tianxia’s at the very least in order to attempt to forge one.

Not all experts above the Martial Saint realm had accompanying Immortal Artifacts as well.

This had been so even in pre-Great Calamity times. For example, Yan Zhaoge knew that the Flame Devil Emperor from whom the Flame Devil World was descended had not had an Immortal Artifact.

The Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had been like a brilliant shooting star, dazzling and stunning yet quick to fall.

While the Dim Radiant Sect had been wealthy, the materials for forging an Immortal Artifact were still rare.

Without sufficient time and accumulation to back them up, everyone knew that the Dim Radiant Sect had not possessed an Immortal Artifact.

Yin Tianxia’s accompanying Sacred Artifact that everyone was the most familiar with was the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Dim Radiant Lamp.

Yan Zhaoge had not thought that the Dim Radiant Emperor would actually set things up such that his body would be refined into part of an Immortal Artifact, the Dim Radiant Wheel, following his death.

Looking at the Dim Radiant Wheel, aside from feeling desirous of it, Yan Zhaoge first felt bemused.

The actions of the Dim Radiant Emperor were really too strange.

“Was it to leave behind a mighty treasure for his descendants to protect their lineage with or simply to satisfy an unfulfilled wish?” Shocking tides surged within Yan Zhaoge’s heart, “Or might this Immortal Artifact be a method the Dim Radiant Emperor was preparing to revive himself with?”

Aside from this, there was still another possibility.

The Dim Radiant Emperor had painstakingly toiled hard before his death to forge this treasure in order to keep some sort of secret under wraps.

Could it be related to his death as well as the deterioration of the Dim Radiant Sect that year?

Looking at the features of the Dim Radiant Emperor before him, Yan Zhaoge pondered in silence.

While Xiao Ai was unable to see the image of the Dim Radiant Emperor, looking at the Dim Radiant Wheel, she was filled with curiosity, “Young Master, is this a high-grade Sacred Artifact?”

“No, this is an Immortal Artifact, just that it has still yet to be completed,” Yan Zhaoge replied, “It would be more accurate to say that this is an embryonic Immortal Artifact, an unfinished mould.”

Xiao Ai opened her mouth, unable to close it for a long time.

While she had never seen an Immortal Artifact before, she had heard Xue Chuqing mention legends related to them.

Yan Zhaoge saw the girl’s eyes shine bright as they had never before.

As her jet-black eyes blinked, it was like there were countless black wheels spinning within.

In Xiao Ai’s eyes, the originally innocuous-looking black wheel seemed to contain taels upon taels of money, emitting an incomparably enchanting lustre.

Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes, waving a hand in front of Xiao Ai’s face.

“Young master, young master…this! This…” After Xiao Ai regained her wits, she swallowed her saliva, rendered somewhat speechless as she gesticulated wildly at the Dim Radiant Wheel before pointing at Yan Zhaoge, “You must definitely…definitely…”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “Relax, it’s still unknown whether it’s fortune or calamity. Even if it is fortune, it wouldn’t be that easy to obtain it.”

Xiao Ai’s breathing having finally calmed with great difficulty, she tugged at Yan Zhaoge’s sleeve, looking at him with a face full of adulation, “Young Master, you definitely have a method, right?”

Yan Zhaoge said rather amusedly, “Your cultivation base aside, even my own cultivation base definitely wouldn’t be able to unleash the power of an Immortal Artifact at this point in time.”

“While delicacies are great, only being able to look at and not eat them, you don’t have to be so passionate about it, right?”

Xiao Ai said eloquently, “For such a great treasure, just looking at it alone, it’s also an extremely blissful thing!”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, smiling as well, “What you say also seems to make sense?”

He turned to look at the Dim Radiant Wheel once more, feeling the concept contained within as he analysed what were possibly the principles of the legendary Dim Radiant Twelve Arts.

Time slowly passed, with Yan Zhaoge silent and unmoving. Xiao Ai quietened down as well, gazing intently at him in a nervous manner as she dared not make a noise to interrupt.

Every time her gaze fell on that quiet, mysterious black wheel, she would have to swallow a mouthful of saliva as she felt as though her heart was being scratched by the paws of a cat.

After who knew how long, the world that they were currently in suddenly shook intensely.

Awakened from his deep ponderings, Yan Zhaoge raised his brows.

Xiao Ai’s expression changed slightly, “Others have found this place!”

The foreign dimension that the altar was in was gradually enveloped by an indistinct layer of radiance that was neither bright nor dim.

Yan Zhaoge’s mind was connected to the Dim Radiant Wheel. The world before his eyes suddenly turned dark after which lamp light eventually appeared amidst the boundless darkness, resembling the first light of the world.

“It’s the Dim Radiant Lamp. Luo Zhiyuan has completely refined the Dim Radiant Lamp,” Yan Zhaoge realised what had happened.

The late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint Luo Zhiyuan who had already possessed the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Sun Moon Wheels before, had now successfully refined the Dim Radiant Lamp that was a high-grade Sacred Artifact as well.

Who within this Dim Radiant Mausoleum might still be able to stand against him?

Currently searching with the help of the Dim Radiant Lamp, he arrived before the stone door, attempting to force it open and intrude into this foreign dimension!

Xiao Ai looked nervously at Yan Zhaoge, “Young Master…”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “There’s still time.”

With a hand still grabbing onto the Dim Radiant Wheel, he flicked his other sleeve, Feng Yunsheng who had previously been swept off and tucked away by his true essence leaping out from within.

Xiao Ai stared wide-eyed as she saw Feng Yunsheng appear before her.

Feng Yunsheng smiled and nodded towards her.

Yan Zhaoge said, “We’ve got to be fast.”

Feng Yunsheng smiled, saying, “Of course, I wouldn’t be able to do anything even if it takes long.”

Dim blue light suddenly appeared within her pupils, both resembling cold moons that illuminated the surrounding area.

A shocking aura that shook the heavens and the earth was emanated from her, the Dim Sun Divine Sabre unsheathing itself behind her and falling into her hand.

With this, the surface of the Cold Sun Divine Sabre and Feng Yunsheng’s skin were both enveloped by expanding dim blue patterns of light, the terrifying, brutal aura of destruction unceasingly rising.

She went over to the other side of the Dim Radiant Wheel, standing opposite Yan Zhaoge.

The tip of her sabre advanced right towards the centre of the Dim Radiant Wheel.

Yan Zhaoge concentrated, infusing the power of reversed moon into the Dim Radiant Wheel to combine with the domineering might of Feng Yunsheng’s power of reversed sun.

The Cyclic Heavenly Scripture circulated, changing extremities as yin and yang reversed.

Streams of light instantly shot out from the surface of the jet-black Dim Radiant Wheel, shining on Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Currents of qi were emitted from the twelve slots, enveloping the entire altar.

The next moment, the Dim Radiant Wheel seemed as though it was amidst endless radiance and eternal darkness as it slowly rose.

The trajectory that it rose in seemed like the dividing boundary between light and darkness in this world.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng rose alongside the Dim Radiant Wheel.

At this moment, the heavens and earth of the world outside had gradually already been enveloped completely by that dim light.

Amidst the light, darkness suddenly appeared. At the centre of the darkness, a speck of lamp light appeared.