Chapter 710: Remnants Of The Divine Palace, Door Of White Jade!

HSSB710: Remnants of the Divine Palace, Door of White Jade

This time, Yan Zhaoge felt it even more intensely.

After carefully identifying it, he realised that it was not himself but the Myriad Dragon Palace that was feeling that inexplicable pull!

This caused Yan Zhaoge’s heart to skip a beat, “Something that the Myriad Dragon Palace is being drawn to…”

Amidst the flow of chaotic space, everyone was sent spiralling in different directions in an instant.

Looking back towards the stone coffin and the Dim Radiant Lamp, Yan Zhaoge saw that Zhou Haosheng was still trying hard to approach them.

Yet, the mausoleum chamber seemed to have fallen apart, scattered amidst space as even the Dim Radiant Mausoleum that surrounded it seemed to have turned into nothingness as well.

Streams of dim light newly surged amidst the dim space once more.

Yan Zhaoge knew that this was because the mausoleum the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had created for himself was profound and indiscernible, able to cause changes between illusory and real.

While it usually appeared like a tangible, massive mausoleum constructed of materials, the entire mausoleum could also transform into an illusory, ethereal existence.

The mechanism for the changes between the two possibly lay with that Dim Radiant Lamp.

Zhou Haosheng and the Dim Darkness Adept beside him were still trying hard to approach the Dim Radiant Lamp.

Yan Zhaoge stabilised his figure. However, looking at the changes in the space before him, he could clearly feel that the flow of time also seemed to be completely different in all those various spaces.

This caused the chaotic flows of space to be even more turbulent, forming a disorientating feeling of distortion.

Yan Zhaoge summoned the Myriad Dragon Palace. Drifting amidst the chaotic flows of space, the huge palace suddenly shook intensely.

This time, the Myriad Dragon Palace was shaking exceptionally intensely as if it might fall apart at any moment.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge did not suppress the changes in the Myriad Dragon Palace, instead adopting a wait and see attitude as he allowed it to move on its own.

An inexplicable force seemed to be drawing the Myriad Dragon Palace over towards it as it gradually entered the depths of space.

Light suddenly flickered before Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, streams of light and illusory dust gathered together.

The illusory, ethereal existence began turning tangible once more, the Dim Radiant Mausoleum gradually reappearing.

The ground beneath Yan Zhaoge’s feet turned tangible once more, the walls of the mausoleum’s passages appearing around him.

Before him was a closed stone door.

Turning back, all was dark as he was unable to see Zhou Haosheng and the others as well as the Dim Radiant Lamp.

“Following the changes between illusory and real, the people who were scattered within different spaces are currently in different parts of the mausoleum?” Yan Zhaoge frowned, “Yet, this seems to have affected the space outside of the mausoleum as well. With all the defensive restrictions of the entire mausoleum activated, might it have instead have brought the Radiant Light Sect in as well?”

Shaking his head, Yan Zhaoge cleared those useless thoughts out of his mind, setting his attention on the stone door before him once more.

After shrinking, the Myriad Dragon Palace stuck closely to the stone door, yet still shook non-stop.

Meanwhile, that sealed stone door actually also began vibrating at this moment.

Gazing at the stone door, Yan Zhaoge saw numerous runic patterns appear on its surface, emitting a seven-coloured glow.

As this seven-coloured glow combined with the dim glow of the mausoleum, they seemed to be completely compatible with each other, both being refined together as one.

Of these different concepts it contained, as compared to the all-encompassing dim light of the inside of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, Yan Zhaoge was rather more familiar with this seven-coloured glow.

Seeing this radiance, also looking at the profound inscriptions on the surface of the stone door, Yan Zhaoge murmured to himself, “Indeed remnants of the Divine Court…”

This stone door was clearly also related to the Divine Palace of the Heavenly Court that had existed beyond the nine heavens in pre-Great Calamity times.

Yan Zhaoge’s Myriad Dragon Palace was refined from the corpses of numerous dragons, its original physical frame being a low-grade Sacred Artifact, the Nine Dragon Fingers.

Still, the main beam and the supporting pillar of the great hall were both remnants of the wreckage of the Divine Palace of the Heavenly Court that year.

The great door that was sealed before him was actually an existence similar to the pillar and the great beam of the Divine Palace.

Yan Zhaoge carefully comprehended the concept within as he reached out, pressing the surface of the stone door.

The varied scenes before him seemed to record figures who had existed ever since the dawn of time, flickering past one by one like lanterns.

Finally, the image ended with an imposing looking man. He wore black clothes and a white robe with black hair and white eyebrows as he hovered, seated in the meditative position with his eyes closed.

A great amount of incomplete fragments flew into the air, congregating by his side to slowly form a massive piece of architecture that resembled a palace whilst also an altar.

“This is the scene of the construction of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum following the death of the Dim Radiant Emperor, Yin Tianxia,” Yan Zhaoge’s pupils dilated slightly, “That is…”

He could clearly see a great door that was formed of white jade being sealed at the heart of the mausoleum alongside Yin Tianxia’s corpse.

With them as the core, the other materials gradually formed the majestic, imposing mausoleum that they were currently in.

As the world before him returned to normal, Yan Zhaoge thought as he looked at that tightly shut door, “That door of white jade was your original form? What situation is this now?”

Carefully analysing it, Yan Zhaoge felt that behind the stone door should exist a foreign dimension.

After pondering for a while, Yan Zhaoge placed his other hand on the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu, Pan-Pan and the Northern Ocean Clone all leapt out of the Myriad Dragon Palace which gradually changed form, turning into a light dragon.

The exterior of this light dragon’s body shockingly flickered with the same kind of seven-coloured radiance as the great door.

Controlled by Yan Zhaoge, the light dragon began gradually merging within the great door.

Time slowly passed. Just as the tightly shut stone door had begun to loosen somewhat, the mausoleum suddenly quaked once more.

The dim radiance turned bright and dazzling all at once, Yan Zhaoge feeling surprised, “Someone has set off the Dim Radiant Lamp again?”

The next instant, light disappeared completely, boundless darkness enveloping the area.

The Dim Radiant Mausoleum turned into illusory space once more, flowing chaotically all around.

Yan Zhaoge led Feng Yunsheng and the rest in sticking closely to the stone door. Indeed, no changes happened with it.

Circulating the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, Yan Zhaoge’s sight was not obstructed by the darkness before him. As he surveyed the surroundings, he instantly saw that lone lamp still placed atop the opened stone coffin in the distance which drifted amidst the chaotic flows of space.

Streams of dim light surged amidst the darkness of illusory space once more.

Close to the stone coffin, two experts were currently engaged in an intense battle!

One was garbed in white, sweeping along boundless dimness.

One was garbed in black, light emitted amidst his movements.

One was Chief Zhou Haosheng of the Dim Darkness Sect, while the other was his hated enemy, the Chief of the Radiant Light Sect Luo Zhiyuan!

If it were anyone else, the abnormalities earlier would not have been sufficient for them to traverse the restrictions of the outer regions, directly entering the internal section of the mausoleum as well.

However, Luo Zhiyuan and the other experts of the Radiant Light Sect possessed a considerable number of the relevant treasures too.

When the Dim Radiant Lamp had set off the changes in the mausoleum, it had instead freely benefited them.

The Dim Darkness Sect’s advantage from having arrived first was greatly reduced.

Zhou Haosheng’s expression was calm. Even if he had not tried for the Dim Radiant Lamp, he would only have been able to watch Luo Zhiyuan’s group catch up with him soon after. It could only be said that there was destined to be conflict between the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect.

Now, at least, the Dim Radiant Lamp was already partially refined by him. He was still in the lead!

Luo Zhiyuan met Zhou Haosheng’s gaze, not speaking as well as they directly went to blows.

At the current moment, with things being how they were, there already wasn’t a need for words.

Yan Zhaoge gazed far into the distance, scanning the surroundings. Amidst the various regions of scattered space, the other experts of the two sects were all struggling to break free of the chaotic flows of space, drawing closer to the Dim Radiant Lamp.