Chapter 718: You Should Be Awakening From Your Dream

HSSB718: You should be awakening from your dream

At the centre of the dim light that concealed the heavens and covered the earth appeared boundless darkness, and amidst this darkness suddenly shone a speck of light that was dazzling to the extreme.

Amidst the radiance was a speck of lamp light.

The lamp light swayed lightly, breaking through the all-encompassing dim light as it descended upon the coremost area of this foreign dimension and arrived before the altar.

That sole lamp was precisely the Dim Radiant Lamp!

Bright patterns of light surfaced on the exterior of the lamp, seeming eternal and inextinguishable.

Guided by the lamp light, a few figures appeared within the foreign dimension.

The person leading them was garbed in black, a sun and a moon circulating above his head with their shocking aura suffusing the area without the least bit of concealment.

Swivelling his head and gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw the figure of the Chief of the Radiant Light Sect, Luo Zhiyuan.

With the Sun Moon Wheels above his head as he controlled the Dim Radiant Lamp in advancing forward, Luo Zhiyuan truly appeared brilliant and dazzling at this moment.

Beside Luo Zhiyuan were Guo Song and a few others.

Not all the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners who had entered the Dim Radiant Mausoleum were present.

This was because Luo Zhiyuan had felt an existence that was even more powerful and even more important than the Dim Radiant Lamp in the mausoleum, thus having hurried here at the greatest possible speed.

With the mausoleum unable to transform into space any longer, Luo Zhiyuan had only been able to find a few people.

Still, with the Dim Radiant Lamp and the Sun Moon Wheels in hand, it was already sufficient for him.

Beneath the radiance of the Dim Radiant Lamp, the intimidating, terrifying aura that had pressured Luo Zhiyuan and the others to the point of suffocation earlier no longer posed a threat now. Instead, they felt as if a refreshing spring breeze was sweeping over them.

It was as if they were enjoying the bestowed merit of their ancestors.

Luo Zhiyuan’s gaze first focused on the Dim Radiant Wheel atop the altar.

A shocked look was revealed in his eyes, “It seems incomplete, but…let alone the Sun Moon Wheels, even the Dim Radiant Lamp at its most powerful would still be far inferior! What…what exactly is…”

Beside him, Guo Song and the others also had shocked, uncertain looks on their faces.

“Could it be…a legendary Immortal Artifact?!” Luo Zhiyuan inhaled deeply, “Could this be the greatest secret of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, and also the most precious treasure within?”

Having obtained the Dim Radiant Lamp, Luo Zhiyuan had simply felt joyful and reassured. Looking at the Dim Radiant Wheel now, however, his heart was surging madly to an almost irrepressible extent.

Beside him, Guo Song and the others appeared wildly overjoyed as well.

It was not their fault for losing their composure. It was that the significance of the Dim Radiant Wheel was really too great.

While the Dim Radiant Wheel before them was still in its embryonic form, having yet to be forged completely, it was already exceptionally powerful.

If the forging was successful, it would indisputably be the number one treasure of the entire southeastern Yang Heaven Region.

After Luo Zhiyuan had advanced further, stepping into the Immortal Bridge stage, as he wielded the Dim Radiant Wheel, even the Southeastern Exalt would not be able to do anything to him!

The Radiant Light Sect would possess the qualifications to act as domineeringly as they wished in the entire southeastern Yang Heaven Region.

At that point, they would truly have taken an incomparably stable step in re-establishing the glory of the former Dim Radiant Sect.

The lifelong dream possessed by the past ancestors of the Radiant Light Sect and he himself would finally truly see hope.

As Luo Zhiyuan’s gaze swept past the bottom of the altar where treasures were heaped into a mountain, his eyes narrowed once more.

His gaze finally returned to the top of the altar, focusing on the Dim Radiant Wheel and Yan Zhaoge who had currently extended his hand to grasp it.

The fiery fervour within Luo Zhiyuan’s eyes faded to be replaced by coldness.

Yan Zhaoge appraised Luo Zhiyuan, smiling with a composed expression on his face, “Although you have the Sun Moon Wheel and the Dim Radiant Lamp as well, in having arrived here so quickly, you probably didn’t waste much time on the Dim Darkness Sect.”

“Chief Zhou and the others of the Dim Darkness Sect chose to retreat when you were refining the Dim Radiant Lamp?”

Luo Zhiyuan’s gaze was icy cold, no fluctuations visible within whatsoever, “Do not attempt to delay. That will serve no use whatsoever.”

“The relics of the Emperor and the treasures of the former Dim Radiant Sect only have one owner now, and that is my sect. How is it something that you can touch?”

He raised his palm towards Yan Zhaoge from far away, lining his index and middle fingers into a sword before stabbing outwards!

“Hands off!”

A sword-light that was swift as a shooting star instantly traversed space, seemingly completely unobstructed by the boundaries of space as it was already right before Yan Zhaoge in an instant!

Unleashed by an expert of the peak of the late Seeing Divinity stage, this sword was fast to the point that even Yan Zhaoge was almost unable to catch its trajectory.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge completely ignored that sword-light.

The rotating Dim Radiant Wheel suddenly stopped at this moment.

This Radiant Light Sword of Luo Zhiyuan’s suddenly changed direction, shooting past Yan Zhaoge!

The twelve slots on the black metal wheel all became like deep, dark abysses, resembling twelve worlds of dim light.

The bright sword-light suddenly split apart in mid-air, transforming into twelve streaks of light that respectively landed within the twelve slots of the Dim Radiant Wheel.

“The more time that passes, you lot would actually be the ones who benefit, able to remain in your dreams for a little while longer,” Yan Zhaoge’s smile gradually turned cold, “Now, time to wake up.”

“Huh?” Luo Zhiyuan’s pupils retracted intensely.

Those of the Radiant Light Sect all felt shocked and uncertain. It was already inconceivable enough that Yan Zhaoge could wield the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Extreme Yang Seal.

How was it possible for him to wield this supreme treasure that seemed to be an Immortal Artifact?

“It is not that he is controlling this treasure. Instead, he is making use of the ritual originally used to forge it. That ritual was left behind by the Emperor!” Luo Zhiyuan yelled loudly, “Destroy the altar down below, and he will not be able to use the treasure at all!”

Guo Song and the others immediately shot downwards.

However, before they could draw near, that altar had already shattered mightily on its own!

The silent Dim Radiant Wheel began rotating once more!

The dim-blue lustre within Feng Yunsheng’s eyes faded as she kept her sabre and stepped back.

Meanwhile, Yan Zhaoge roared, “Up!”

The Dim Radiant Wheel left Yan Zhaoge’s palm, continuing to rise higher into the air, seeming like the centre of the world was wherever it was.

The Dim Radiant Lamp in front of Luo Zhiyuan suddenly shook intensely.

The next moment, the lamp light that was bright and radiant was suddenly extinguished.

Luo Zhiyuan’s expression changed as he tried to stop it. Yet, the Dim Radiant Lamp shot into the air, directly breaking free of his control as it flew towards the Dim Radiant Wheel!

Bright, dazzling patterns of light swiftly faded from the surface of the ancient lamp as it once again became dim and lustreless, simple and rustic.

Luo Zhiyuan’s eyeballs looked on the brink of imploding.

While he was not like Yan Zhaoge who had come into personal contact with the Dim Radiant Lamp, the scene before his eyes still caused him to come to a realisation.

From the very beginning, in the plans of the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia, this Dim Radiant Lamp had already been one of the original materials designated for the forging of the Dim Radiant Wheel!

Unless one was able to deal with Yin Tianxia’s ritual, whoever the Dim Radiant Lamp was obtained by, it would not have any ability to resist the Dim Radiant Wheel at all.

Being absorbed and assimilated by the Dim Radiant Wheel was simply its fate.

Yet, whilst understanding this, how could Luo Zhiyuan and those of the Radiant Light Sect accept it?

They had painstakingly made preparations all these years, relying on the clues they found with great difficulty to locate this Dim Radiant Mausoleum.

In the battle with the Dim Darkness Sect, they had even had a mid-grade Sacred Artifact of theirs, the Inextinguishable Light Armour, destroyed in order to obtain the Dim Radiant Lamp. Yet, at the end of the day, it had been compromised just like that, being taken away by someone else so easily.

At this, Luo Zhiyuan and the others momentarily felt dizzy as stars arose before their eyes, darkness overwhelming their minds.