Chapter 716: Supreme Treasure, Dim Radiant Wheel!

HSSB716: Supreme Treasure, Dim Radiant Wheel!

The figure of the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia vanished within the air.

Still, that suffocating pressure still remained in every single part of the mausoleum, causing everyone to feel stifled and short of breath.

There were only Yan Zhaoge and Xiao Ai who were atop the altar and closest to it who instead had it comparatively easier.

That formation played a very big role in this.

Analysing the concept contained within, Yan Zhaoge could feel that the formation and the altar seemed to have merged as one, neither being distinguishable from the other.

It felt like when they had just entered the effective zone of the restrictions earlier.

Xiao Ai had said earlier that his mother had helped to increase the rate of the ritual’s completion. Thus, Yan Zhaoge understood that this formation was definitely Xue Chuqing’s handiwork as well.

“With mother’s previous cultivation base, wanting to interfere with a ritual left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor, it would not just have been a matter of her attainments in the dao of formations.”

A thought flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s mind, “She must also be extremely familiar with the Dim Radiant Emperor or the legacies of the Dim Radiant Sect.”

“The relationship between her Grand Master and the Dim Radiant Emperor would definitely not have been at the level of a mere close friend.”

It was likely that his mother and the seniors of her sect knew clearly about this ritual that the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had set up following his death.

Perhaps it was precisely Yin Tianxia himself who had leaked the news, inviting this friend of his to help in guarding him and ensuring the completion of the ritual following his death.

It was due to having been instructed by her seniors that Xue Chuqing had been able to enter the Dim Radiant Mausoleum so easily, even having helped to speed up the rate of the ritual within.

The understanding of his mother towards the Dim Radiant Mausoleum far surpassed even that of the direct descendants of the Dim Radiant Sect in the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect.

“It might have been intentionally made like this by Yin Tianxia. After all, everyone was keeping a close eye on the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect, those remnants of the former Dim Radiant Sect. If they made a move, others would easily be alerted,” Yan Zhaoge thought, “Therefore, he had to go about it in such a covert, roundabout manner.”

If most were unaware of the ties between Yin Tianxia and Xue Chuqing’s Grand Master, at least not knowing that it ran so deep, it would be very hard for them to guess that the one who was assisting Yin Tianxia was not some descendant of his but someone else.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Xiao Ai sighed in admiration, “Young Master, you’re so skilled in formations!”

“Although Lady had still not reached the Martial Saint realm when she was establishing the formation back then, I still feel that you are even more skilled in formations than she was!”

Yan Zhaoge said, “This might not definitely be so.”

From the specific points of this formation, he was able to see how his mother was extremely proficient in formations.

It was not just her knowledge and experience. She herself was also extremely outstanding in the area of her talent in comprehending formations alone.

Thinking of how his father Yan Di had once spoken highly of Xue Chuqing’s proficiency in formations, Yan Zhaoge deeply shared his sentiments now that he had gotten a taste of it for real.

Also…

Yan Zhaoge glanced at Xiao Ai beside him, nodding approvingly, “Xiao Ai, you’re extremely talented in the dao of formations.”

Xiao Ai let out a ‘wah’ before holding her face with both hands, seeming overjoyed, “Young Master praised this maid like this; this maid is over the moon!”

Even her body was shaking somewhat, “Lady, lady, this maid is so blissful today!”

Looking at this young girl who looked blissful to the point that she seemed she might faint dead away at any moment, the corners of Yan Zhaoge’s mouth twitched slightly.

If she was exaggerating on purpose, trying to put in a bit of flattery, it would have been fine. Yan Zhaoge would have directly clapped right onto her head, making her quieten down.

But the problem was that this girl really seemed like she was absolutely serious…

With this, Yan Zhaoge felt like he didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry.

Controlling the formation to cover him and Xiao Ai, Yan Zhaoge walked towards the top of the altar.

As he advanced, numerous scenes seemed to surge into existence before his eyes.

The first light was born in the world of primordial darkness. Afterwards, time gradually passed, all things being created and changing, the vast oceans and the endless fields manifesting the vicissitudes of time as myriad phenomena was displayed amidst time.

The process of ascending the altar was like wandering through the long river of time.

The only thing that was special was that light and darkness were flickering interchangeably non-stop, a formless path distinctly separating the white of light and the black of darkness just like a boundary.

As Yan Zhaoge continued advancing upwards bit by bit, this boundary line gradually vanished.

While radiance flickered atop the altar, the higher Yan Zhaoge got, the more he felt that it seemed dim before him.

This conflicting feeling had actually also existed before.

When the silhouette of the Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had appeared, while his figure had seemed to be composed half of light and half of darkness, he had also seemed to be enveloped entirely by a glowing layer that was not dazzling or bright, being like neither light nor darkness.

As these two phenomena had appeared simultaneously on Yin Tianxia, they had emanated a conflicting, illogical feel. Yet, they had also felt incomparably real, combined and coexisting.

Now, this altar was giving Yan Zhaoge the same feeling as well.

The higher one got towards the top of the altar where radiance clearly flickered, they would find that the further they went, the closer they were instead moving towards darkness atop the altar.

When Yan Zhaoge finally arrived at the top of the altar, such a feeling had already reached a peak.

While light had illuminated the area before him, he felt like he was located amidst darkness. Such would really cause one to suspect whether of these two phenomena, one was actually illusionary.

An image of chaos vaguely appeared within Yan Zhaoge’s pupils, “Both of these feelings are real. This is the concept left behind by the Dim Radiant Emperor.”

“Able to surpass those of before, opening a new path and going forth. Indeed no ordinary person.”

The image of chaos faded within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, but broad heavens and earth seemed to appear.

The heavens and the earth suddenly overturned!

Peerless Heavenly Scripture into Cyclic Heavenly Scripture!

The Cyclic Heavenly Scripture which encompassed the dao of two diametrically opposed extremities.

“The extremity of darkness births light, and the extremity of light births darkness. The primordial darkness nourishes and creates all things, light being birthed alongside, with all returning to the embrace of darkness in the end,” Yan Zhaoge nodded slowly.

At this moment, he finally saw what existed amidst the glow at the top of this altar.

It was a massive metal wheel.

There were twelve slots on this metal wheel that slowly turned alongside it.

It was precisely with the rotating of this metal wheel that the radiance atop the altar was bright at times whilst dim at others, flickering unceasingly.

On the surface of the metal wheel was engraved a massive amount of simple yet profound patterns, deep, abstruse principles emanating from within them.

Focusing on the wheel, Yan Zhaoge gradually came to a realisation, “Dim Radiant Twelve Arts…”

The powerful scripture of the former Dim Radiant Sect had been known as the Dim Radiant Scripture, being a classic supreme martial art that had circulated in pre-Great Calamity times.

It had also been stored in the martial repository of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past.

The Dim Radiant Sect’s legacies had not been discontinued following the Great Calamity due to the Dim Radiant Scripture having been perfectly preserved in its entirety.

Yet, after Yin Tianxia had domineeringly stormed into prominence, he had modified and improved the martial arts of his predecessors, further improving the foundations of the Dim Radiant Sect with the creation of the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts. At the same time that he himself had attained greater heights, he had led the Dim Radiant Sect to its most glorious days as well.

The current martial arts of the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect were actually mostly based off the incomplete Dim Radiant Twelve Arts.

Currently, Yan Zhaoge could feel that the concept contained within this metal wheel was clearly superior to that of the Dim Radiant Scripture.

He reached out, touching that metal wheel.

It suddenly ceased to rotate.

With this, Xiao Ai beside him was able to clearly see the wheel as well. This being the first time she was properly seeing its true appearance for real, she could not help but click her tongue in wonder.

Yet, an intense jolt now ran through Yan Zhaoge’s body!

Before him suddenly appeared the features of the Dim Radiant Emperor, Yin Tianxia!

They seemed to be just an inch away from each other, meeting the other’s eyes.

A few words now surfaced unbidden within Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

The Dim Radiant Wheel!