Chapter 724: Double Happiness!

HSSB724: Double happiness

The flow of time was different for different regions amidst the chaotic flows of space, fast at times whilst slow at others.

In an environment such as this, even Yan Zhaoge was hard pressed to grasp the progression of their journey.

He simply calmed his mind, focusing his energy on cultivation.

He was still in the phase of accumulation for his own cultivation. It would not be easy for him to merge his avatar with his spirit, hence stepping into the mid Merging Avatar Martial Saint realm.

This was related to his cultivation method. While the path of the Three Purities combined granted Yan Zhaoge power that far exceeded other martial practitioners of the same cultivation level, it was also destined to be a difficult, painstaking path.

Still, having had another great harvest in having entered the Dim Radiant Mausoleum this time, Yan Zhaoge felt no pressure at all in the area of resources and accumulation.

He had already had abundant gains in the dragon mausoleum. Now that he had obtained the many treasures at the bottom of the altar that had been piled up into a mountain, Yan Zhaoge’s personal storage had become yet more substantial.

Currently, Yan Zhaoge simply needed to cultivate diligently, stabilising his path bit by gradual bit.

In terms of resources, there was no need for him to worry at all. What he had now was more than enough to even provide for his companions.

As for his Northern Ocean Clone who had obtained the Kunpeng bone, such was really a cause for celebration.

This precious Kunpeng bone had finished the accumulation of qi and essence for the Northern Ocean Clone, saving much time that would otherwise have been needed for tempering.

At the same time, it had helped the Northern Ocean Clone in his comprehension of the Great Wilderness Fish-Roc Art, taking a crucial step in it.

After a thorough inspection, Yan Zhaoge was able to confirm that his Northern Ocean Clone already had the possibility of advancing further!

With a flawless foundation, unlimited resources nourishing his body and peak martial arts to peruse, he had now had a stroke of suitable fortune as well.

These various conditions made it such that the Northern Ocean Clone was able to consecutively advance through bottlenecks within a short period of time with the possibility of achieving his breakthrough into the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the mid Seeing Divinity stage.

These necessary conditions together completed a miracle that was virtually impossible to reproduce.

The Northern Ocean Clone might now be able to surpass a barrier that could not be breached in the entire lives of most elite martial practitioners, stepping into completely new heavens and earth.

Yan Zhaoge himself sat opposite the Northern Ocean Clone, carefully feeling the changes in his body.

Every step that the Northern Ocean Clone had previously taken had actually also provided Yan Zhaoge with many valuable insights and experience.

While they cultivated in different martial arts, this cultivating experience still belonged to Yan Zhaoge at the end of the day. It was not like hearing other’s experiences in which there would naturally be things that could not be conveyed.

This was a rare experience for any one martial practitioner, possessing incomparably great value.

One might also say that it was a great piece of fortune for Yan Zhaoge himself as well.

Having refined the Northern Ocean Clone, it was not just a powerful helper that Yan Zhaoge had gained. The Northern Ocean Clone’s cultivation was also incomparably valuable in aiding him through its feedback, causing him to walk a much smoother path than he would have otherwise.

The Northern Ocean Clone’s role was indispensable in him having managed to accomplish the Martial Saint realm at such a young age.

Of course, Yan Zhaoge and his clone cultivated differently in many ways as well. There were still many things that he would have to carefully ponder on and seek himself, thus improving further.

As the Northern Ocean Clone sat on the floor, golden and black light flickered about his entire body, a light mist forming.

The light mist gradually expanded as it now resembled an ocean.

He opened his eyes, the same scene being displayed in both his pupils.

In the era of the ancient wilderness, vast, boundless primordial waves seemed to go on forever as the waters of the ocean roiled unceasingly.

A Kunpeng that was massive beyond compare bobbed on the surface of the ocean, a fish in water and a roc out of it.

Traversing the great ocean, it resembled a small continent of inestimable dimensions.

Flying in the sky, with a flap of it wings, it soared above the nine heavens, vanishing without a trace.

Apart from this ancient Kunpeng that domineeringly traversed the great wilderness, countless other ancient beasts also appeared in this ocean between the heavens and the earth, rampantly presiding over this era of the great wilderness together.

The inside of the Northern Ocean Clone with his body, avatar and spirit completely combined resembled an independently established heaven and earth of its own.

The acupoints of his entire body were all quaking slightly at this moment.

Now, the Northern Ocean Clone who already stood at the peak of the third level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Merging Avatar stage, only had to work on achieving a single thing.

Breaking through obstructions both internal and external, connecting the universe within his body to the actual universe of the outside world with the acupoints of his body resonating with the true stars of the sky.

With this, his acupoints would have been refined into true divinities.

Along with the surpassing of this obstacle would be the opening of a door to a whole different world.

Breaking through space, able to see Divinity.

With this, a martial practitioner would increase greatly in strength.

There did not have to be many. With just a single acupoint refined, a qualitative change would immediately be seen.

The more acupoints one refined thereafter, the more powerful they would be.

Yan Zhaoge had fought with the Radiant Light Sect’s Nong Yuxuan and Cheng Song back in the Suffering River Region of the Royal Reed Sea previously.

Elder Cheng Song of the Radiant Light Sect had been at the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the early Seeing Divinity stage.

At the same cultivation level, the Northern Ocean Clone would easily have been able to beat him to the point of being unable to take care of his own daily needs.

Yet, the Northern Ocean Clone at the third level of the Martial Saint realm had not been an opponent for Cheng Song at the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm.

The help of at least one Sacred Artifact had been needed for him to be able to obstruct Cheng Song.

The Northern Ocean Clone who cultivated in the Great Wilderness Fish-Roc Art was extremely powerful in terms of strength, speed as well as resilience. Yet, he might not have been able to surpass Cheng Song in a protracted battle based on the exertions of the battling opponents.

This was the gap between the Merging Avatar and Seeing Divinity stages. Whether or not one’s acupoints had been refined into divinities, being able to connect the inner and outer universes in resonating with the stars made a very great difference.

The Northern Ocean Clone was currently already at that doorstep. Still, it would not be easy for him to take that all-important stride.

Yan Zhaoge remained composed, neither hasty nor impatient.

The Northern Ocean Clone attempted to feel the universe of the outside world even as he meditated on the profundities of the Great Wilderness Fish-Roc Art.

In his self-consciousness, Yan Zhaoge felt as though his Northern Ocean Clone had transformed into an actual Kunpeng, bobbing unceasingly within the great ocean.

All this seemed endless, the cultivation making no progress as he was unable to take that final stride.

Yan Zhaoge’s heart jolted slightly as the massive fish that was the Northern Ocean Clone shot out of the ocean’s surface, transforming into a great roc which soared into the air, going higher, higher, and yet higher.

The sky seemed endless. As the roc soared, it would surely feel exhausted eventually as time passed.

Yet, as it was flying, the great roc suddenly folded its wings, actually transforming into a massive fish within the air.

The massive fish leapt, as if leaping back into the great ocean.

The great ocean up above.

The great ocean above the sky.

The ocean of stars.

After leaping into the ocean of stars, the great roc turned back into a massive fish as it instantly seemed to leap into a whole new world.

Yan Zhaoge’s body jolted as he opened his eyes.

He saw the Northern Ocean Clone before him suddenly rise with light now flashing above the top of his head right where his vital acupoint, the Baihui acupoint, was located.

The carefree Kunpeng seemed to soar into the skies, ascending the nine heavens whereupon it transformed into an ocean of stars.

While he was still amidst the chaotic flows of space, at this moment, the Northern Ocean Clone shockingly felt that amidst the actual ocean of stars of the universe in the outside world, there existed an actual star which had established a connection with him.

The Northern Ocean Clone’s consciousness instantly seemed to merge with that star as they stood together above the heavens, presiding loftily over the world upon which it gazed.

A barrier which had existed seemed to be broken as he was close to the heavens and earth as he had never been before.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone had successfully broken through space to see true Divinity, stepping from the third level of the Martial Saint realm, the late Merging Avatar stage, to the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm, the Seeing Divinity stage!

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge was able to feel that however much time had already elapsed aside, the chaotic flows of space had finally weakened to the point that the Myriad Dragon Palace as bolstered by the Dim Radiant Wheel would be able to break free of their influence!

Yan Zhaoge got up, laughing, “Double happiness. It is time for us to return!”