Chapter 722: The Snow Crane Of Kunlun Mountain

HSSB722: The snow crane of Kunlun Mountain

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng did not keep their conversation secret.

Listening from the side, Ah Hu was continually chuckling in a silly manner.

Xiao Ai’s face was filled with grief and indignation, “Young Master, your tall, glorious image in my heart has completely collapsed!”

She sighed miserably, looking like she had nothing more to look forward to in this life.

“Lady, Young Master is going to have a Young Mistress! Just what’s to be done about this?”

Still, thinking now how Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng had spoken openly in front of her in a way that signified their trust, Xiao Ai felt slightly better again.

“Should I or should I not demote Young Master from A+ to A?” With a conflicted look on her face, she turned away, covering her ears as she walked over to the side.

Looking at her back, Feng Yunsheng smiled, “Her actual age should be a little higher than mine. This is a little big sis, right?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “She was slumbering for some time in the Dim Radiant Mausoleum to recover from her injuries.”

Feng Yunsheng looked at the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, “Our greatest gain in the Dim Radiant Mausoleum this time should have been this?”

Having stimulated the Dim Radiant Wheel alongside Yan Zhaoge earlier, she had a deep impression of the terrifying power concealed within this treasure.

There had been the Extreme Yin Crown before, then the Cold Sun Divine Sabre.

Feng Yunsheng was far more sensitive to these higher-tier treasures than the average person.

Yan Zhaoge also glanced at the Dim Radiant Wheel as he lightly rubbed his temple, “Whether it is fortune or calamity is still hard to say for sure now.”

He looked up towards the roof of the Myriad Dragon Palace, “Earlier, I was thinking that for him to have refined his own corpse as a material for the Dim Radiant Wheel, the Dim Radiant Emperor must not have been someone who valued his after-death ceremonies highly.”

“Accompanied by the end of the ritual that was used to forge the Dim Radiant Wheel, the Dim Radiant Mausoleum collapsed as well, thus corroborating my earlier guesses.”

“The Dim Radiant Mausoleum existed not primarily as a place for the Dim Radiant Emperor to set his bones at rest, but rather to forge the Dim Radiant Wheel. Yet…”

Yan Zhaoge slowly exhaled, “The shadow of the Dim Radiant Emperor that emerged from within the Dim Radiant Wheel at the end seemed to be somewhat averse to those of the Radiant Light Sect.”

Feng Yunsheng pondered as she said, “The words ‘disperse your various ways’ were the same as the last words of the Dim Radiant Emperor that year. From this, it can be seen that not just the Radiant Light Sect, if it were the Dim Radiant Sect martial practitioners, they would most likely have been rejected by the Dim Radiant Wheel as well.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “The death of the Dim Radiant Emperor and the deterioration of the Dim Radiant Sect has always been a mystery.”

Feng Yunsheng asked, “Your meaning is that there might exist an answer in the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, or perhaps the Dim Radiant Wheel?”

Yan Zhaoge did not speak.

The expedition by Yin Tianxia and the Dim Darkness Sect into a distant realm that year was likely not as simple as everyone was aware of.

They had perhaps had some unknowable goal, yet instead having met with an accident due to it in the end.

The Dim Radiant Sect had failed with only Yin Tianxia returning, though on the brink of death.

As Yan Zhaoge saw it, a heroic figure like Yin Tianxia would not have felt dispirited so easily.

Then, the reason for him not to have spoken at all, instead telling everyone to go their various ways, could only be one thing.

The other side was too powerful, and Yin Tianxia did not want to get the weaker disciples of his sect involved. However, as a heroic figure who presided over an era, Yin Tianxia would definitely have felt unresigned.

He wanted to account for it to those of his sect, also preserving the truth for his descendants.

Ah Hu scratched his head, “Young Master, could you be overthinking things?”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “I hope so too.”

He paused slightly before then saying, “The final shadow of the Dim Radiant Emperor has already dispersed. The Dim Radiant Wheel will no longer be averse to those of the Radiant Light Sect.”

“Sadly, if we hadn’t taken away the Dim Radiant Wheel in that earlier situation, it would have been hard for us to escape from the attacks of the Radiant Light Sect.”

“If the Dim Radiant Wheel had landed in the Radiant Light Sect’s hands, their power would have risen greatly in the short term. Us being unable to continue moving about in the Royal Reed Sea would be minor, but the Eight Extremities World would be completely unable to resist their might.”

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “Otherwise, I would even consider just giving the Dim Radiant Wheel to the Radiant Light Sect…”

Ah Hu was greatly shocked, “Young Master?”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, indicating for him to calm down.

The Dim Radiant Wheel that hovered amidst space seemed not to be any special at all, with no power fluctuations emanating from it whatsoever as it just seemed like any ordinary black wheel.

However, as Yan Zhaoge looked at this mighty treasure, his gaze grew increasingly deep and distant.

Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories. These were the current overlords of the World beyond Worlds.

While there might be some tensions or disagreements between them, few conflicts generally occurred between them as they seemed to hold the same stance towards issues overall.

This was especially so since the World beyond Worlds did have an external enemy. All worlds faced the threat of the Nine Underworlds.

However, following the death of Yin Tianxia and the deterioration of the Dim Radiant Sect in the past, the other major figures of the World beyond Worlds had instead exhibited a great reluctance to talk about it.

Too many things could be said here. Yan Zhaoge even suspected that this might be the handiwork of someone amongst them, or perhaps a few of them.

Under such circumstances, it really felt as though the closer one got to the truth, the closer they would be to dying.

Perhaps this was the reason for the shadow of the Dim Radiant Emperor instead having been averse to the descendants of his sect?

Looking at the Dim Radiant Wheel amidst space, Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu fell into deep thought.

Yan Zhaoge clapped his hands, smiling, “No need to be so nervous. In actual fact, we are still safer than the Radiant Light Sect and the Dim Darkness Sect.”

He paused for a moment before substantiating, “Of course, there are many things therein that need to be carefully grasped.”

“Within a crisis always exists both danger and fortune. The problem lies with how to grasp the opportunities, avoiding the danger.”

“There are definitely still those who are aware of what happened that year.”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression turned rather strange as he said this, “Right, for instance…my mother.”

If not for this, it was not possible that Xue Chuqing could have helped the Dim Radiant Emperor out.

Even if she had been acting on orders, she should still have understood the situation to some extent.

Even if Xue Chuqing had been completely ignorant, the person who had taught her how to enter the Dim Radiant Mausoleum and handle this matter would definitely have been in the know.

Yan Zhaoge waved smilingly at Xiao Ai, “Xiao Ai, what else is there that you know about my mother? Come, tell me all about that.”

“For example, you previously mentioned that Grand Master of my mother’s who was close with the Dim Radiant Emperor. Do you know his grand identity?”

Xiao Ai blinked, “Young Master, this maid is one who follows her responsibilities, not asking about Lady’s matters…”

Yan Zhaoge pulled back the corners of his lips, “Pretty good, keep it up.”

“Just tell me what you do know. It isn’t that you have to keep it a secret from me as well, right?”

Xiao Ai began rambling on about stuff, most of it indeed being minor matters seen on a daily basis.

Still, one thing amongst them did grab Yan Zhaoge’s attention, “You said earlier that my mother is from Kunlun Mountain?”

Xiao Ai answered, “This maid doesn’t know whether she’s from there. Still, she’s definitely been to Kunlun Mountain before. Once, when Lady was admiring the snow in the northern Profound Heaven Territory, she mentioned that that the scenery there was more desolate than on Kunlun Mountain.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin.

This Kunlun Mountain was not the same one as back in pre-Great Calamity times. Instead, it was a newly re-established Kunlun that stood at the core region of the World beyond Worlds, within the central Jun Heaven Territory.