Chapter 720: The Most Suitable Treasure!

HSSB720: The most suitable treasure!

The eruption of the chaotic flows of space began with the dissipation of the Dim Radiant Emperor’s silhouette.

Thanks to the Dim Radiant Wheel, the Myriad Dragon Palace was enveloped by a blurry layer of radiance, protecting it completely as it navigated the chaotic flows of space.

Otherwise, even having refined the door of white jade, the Myriad Dragon Palace could only have fallen apart amidst such terrifying tides.

Yan Zhaoge and the others who were within the palace would naturally have shared the same fate.

Now, they could all stably remain in a position of safety.

Still, Yan Zhaoge noticed that the Dim Radiant Wheel was gradually descending into slumber.

Even though it had absorbed the Dim Radiant Lamp, the Dim Radiant Wheel was still not a finished product as it was merely partially complete.

A long path would still have to be walked for it to truly become an Immortal Artifact of legend that could shake the heavens and the earth.

Yan Zhaoge tried communicating with it but received no response. This treasure which had mightily revealed its extraordinariness just earlier seemed like a totally innocuous black metal wheel now as it hovered silently amidst the numerous layers of space within the Myriad Dragon Palace.

Still, Yan Zhaoge was not impatient as he just focused on the black wheel, observing it carefully.

All that had happened earlier had mostly been within his predictions, having been influenced into actuality by him.

However, some matters conveyed to him quite a few things which he had not known beforehand.

“Young Master,” Rubbing his big hands, Ah Hu curiously came over from the side, “Apart from this, what else did we gain this time?”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “If you’re talking about things which we can see immediate effects from, the first would have to be this thing.”

The Northern Ocean Clone smiled as he unfurled his fingers, light emanating from his palm.

The next moment, an ashen object that resembled a bone appeared on it.

Ah Hu looked curiously at that piece of bone, carefully distinguishing it for a long time before confirming that he had never seen it before.

“It seems like some kind of spinal bone, some section of vertebra?” Ah Hu scratched his huge head.

Pan-Pan scooted over as well, sniffing mightily as he seemed like he might be able to tell something.

While he had never seen a specimen of this species before, from his ancestral memories that were engraved deep in his bloodline, he vaguely felt a little like it was familiar.

Pan-Pan glanced at it for a moment before revealing an ‘although I don’t recognise it, it looks tasty’ expression. Then, he licked his lips and swept his tongue towards that piece of bone.

The Northern Ocean Clone stopped him, with Yan Zhaoge smiling, “Hold up! Other things might be fine, but you can’t eat this.”

Pan-Pan blinked, seemingly unable to understand as he extended his tongue towards it once more.

“Pa!”

Yan Zhaoge exasperatedly flicked his big forehead, “Stop acting dumb with me! It’s not like you can’t understand what I’m saying.”

Pan-Pan clutched his head with his front paws, opening his mouth wide as he revealed a simple and honest smile.

Looking at that piece of bone, Yan Zhaoge said slowly, “To you, it may just be a tasty meal, but to my Northern Ocean Clone, there really couldn’t be anything better.”

The Northern Ocean Clone smiled, exerting force with his palm as that ashen bone began trembling.

The ashen colour gradually faded, streaks of golden light being emitted from within the bone!

The entire bone turned bright, transparent and dazzling, resembling a golden crystal.

This bone seemed like it had a life of its own as it began leaping about unceasingly, emitting booms from within that resembled wild roars that were traversing through time back from millennia past.

Within the golden light, an illusory scene was vaguely visible.

Within it was a vast, broad ocean that was boundless and without end.

As tides roiled within, a massive figure vaguely traversed the depths of the sea.

Massive waves that rivalled the heavens as well as violent tsunamis were all crushed into oblivion whenever this massive figure drew near.

As this massive dark silhouette floated upwards, gradually nearing the ocean surface, it resembled a small continent in itself whose dimensions were not easily calculable at all.

The black silhouette finally floated above the ocean surface. It was actually a colossal fish that was massive beyond compare!

As the massive fish traversed the ocean, it revealed its vast, vigorous power that seemed able to bear all the weight of the heavens and the earth.

This massive fish leapt out from the water, transforming into a similarly massive roc in mid-air.

The great roc spread its wings, instantly soaring above the nine heavens as it vanished within the sky with no trace of its figure remaining.

Seeing this, Ah Hu directed his gaze at Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone as he blurted out, “Roc-fish, Kunpeng!”

“That’s right,” Yan Zhaoge nodded slightly, “This is precisely the bone of a Kunpeng.”

As the golden light was emitted and the silhouette appeared, that Kunpeng bone that was bright and smooth as a crystal had also begun to expand speedily, looking like it would soon be even larger than the Myriad Dragon Palace.

A satisfied look appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face, “It is a vertebrae bone of a pure Kunpeng with the concept of that Kunpeng condensed within, pure and abundant.”

The Northern Ocean Clone extended his hands, pressing down on the bone together.

Beneath his true essence, the bone no longer expanded. However, those around him could feel that the aura within was actually strengthening.

Light surged on the Northern Ocean Clone’s palm, seemingly able to contain the heavens and earth within a speck of dust.

The Kunpeng bone vanished, but golden light surged from the Northern Ocean Clone’s entire body.

As he breathed, the golden light rapidly turned into a black light before instantly changing back again, this cycle constantly repeating.

The Northern Ocean Clone sat in the meditative position, his eyes closed tightly as he entered the meditative state. He no longer spoke as he was instead refining the Kunpeng bone with all his might.

Not only was he absorbing the essence qi within, more importantly, he had to comprehend the concept that originated from the true ferocious beast of legend, the Kunpeng.

Like this, the Northern Ocean Clone’s martial foundation was improved as he strove for greater heights!

Seeing that things were more or less going well with the Northern Ocean Clone’s cultivation, Yan Zhaoge returned his attention to other matters.

There were endless treasures beneath the altar, and Yan Zhaoge had also successfully obtained the most powerful martial arts of the Dim Radiant Sect, the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts when he was there.

While Yan Zhaoge did know of even stronger martial arts, he felt very interested in this particular one.

This was because he discovered that there was actually the shadow of primordial chaos vaguely contained within it.

This was extremely hard to come by.

This was because primordial chaos, the origin of all things, was the might of the ancestor of the Jade Clear lineage that was at the head of the three Clear lineages, the Lord of Primordial Beginning.

The second scripture of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Origin Heavenly Scripture, symbolised the birth of all objects from nothingness, the primordial ‘one’.

The Origin Heavenly Scripture could be simultaneously cultivated in by many people at the same time. However, only one of them could achieve major completion in it, the paths of all the rest hence being cut off.

Meanwhile, the first of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture from which all arts stemmed, was even more extreme.

The Lord of Primordial Beginning was one of a kind.

The peerless infinity of all things returning to nothing was similarly one of a kind.

It was only after the Lord of Primordial Beginning had Transcended that the first of the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, could be cultivated in by someone else.

At the same time, there was only one person who could cultivate in the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. This spot having been taken, it could not be occupied by another unless that first practitioner died.

Trying things out not long ago, Yan Zhaoge had discovered that even his Northern Ocean Clone was unable to comprehend the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, with only he himself being able to cultivate in it.

This way, it was possible that he might be seen through when executing the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

With the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts now, he would be able to conceal this.