Chapter 723: Daoism And Buddhism!

HSSB723: Daoism and Buddhism

It was said that following the Great Calamity, the Kunlun Nine Luminaries had established the World beyond Worlds, rebuilding Daoism and re-creating Kunlun Mountain.

The new Kunlun Mountain existed at the core region of the World beyond Worlds.

Currently, it was where the dao arenas of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were located.

It was worth noting that when the late Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia had still been alive, he had possessed his own dao arena at Kunlun Mountain as well.

At its peak, the Dim Radiant Sect had operated in the central Jun Heaven Territory as well, with its main altar having been at the Moon Peace Mountain that was not far away from Kunlun Mountain.

Afterwards, it was only after having deteriorated that the Dim Radiant Sect had left the central Jun Heaven Territory and moved to the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. In the process, it had split up into what were the current Radiant Light Sect and Dim Darkness Sect.

Ah Hu joked, “Young Master, while similarly inheriting the name of one of the five peaks of Daoism in pre-Great Calamity times, our Broad Creed Mountain seems quite less deserving of our reputation than their Kunlun Mountain ah…”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged nonchalantly, “The central peak, Kunlun, was also the especially special one in pre-Great Calamity times. Moreover…”

“Who can say for sure how it will be in the future?”

Ah Hu grinned, shooting him a thumbs up, “Young Master, your words there are really too arrogant.”

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before suddenly asking as he looked at Xiao Ai, “Xiao Ai, let me ask you something.”

Xiao Ai blinked, “What is it, Young Master?”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze turned rather distant, “Have you ever heard my mother mention what happened to the Buddhists after the Great Calamity?”

Xiao Ai thought carefully for a moment before replying, “She really did say something about that!”

Yan Zhaoge asked, “What?”

Xiao Ai said, “I don’t know any specifics. It was just this once. Once, we were searching through a foreign dimension together, and Lady muttered something aloud rather unhappily at the time.”

In Xiao Ai’s memories, what Xue Chuqing had said then was ‘What the hell are those monks up to?”

Yan Zhaoge’s gazed narrowed slightly, “Would you still be able to find that foreign dimension?”

Xiao Ai shook her head, “Lady might be able to, but not this maid.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded slowly, “Never mind, it’s fine even if we can’t find it.”

He fell into deep thought. Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai exchanged looks, all feeling rather uncertain as to what was the matter.

Ah Hu asked curiously, “Young Master, why are you suddenly concerned about Buddhism?”

Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “Of the great thousand worlds in pre-Great Calamity times, Buddhism was flourishing just like Daoism. Yet, after the Great Calamity, be it in the Eight Extremities World and the Vast Ocean World or the likes of the Floating Life World and the Flame Devil World, I have not seen any legacies of Buddhism at all.”

“It has been the same in the World beyond Worlds as well.”

Ah Hu scratched his big head, “That is so. I once heard Family Head mention that before the Great Calamity, it is said that the Buddha Transcended just like the ancestors of the Three Purities did. Yet, Buddhism was still full of divinities and Buddhas, seemingly having even greater might than Daoism especially amongst mere mortals where there were more who believed in Buddhism than Daoism.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “It is rumoured that after the Gautama Buddha, or Tathagata, Transcended, the Future Buddha Maitreya appeared in this world and established a land of Buddhism, receiving the worship of myriad believers.”

“Yet, I don’t know what the situation is in these post-Great Calamity times.”

Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes slightly as he said nonchalantly, “It is rumoured that the Buddhist arts of the Future Buddha were different from that of the already Transcended Buddha Tatahgata. Those who devoutly recite the scriptures of Buddhism will be bolstered by the might of the Future Buddha, not having to spend much effort on cultivation as they would already be exceptionally powerful.”

“Those more mysterious will obtain Buddha seats, attaining the one Sukhavati, the land of paradise.”

Ah Hu stared wide-eyed, “It can’t be?!” Young Master, then…then, what the heck are we even still cultivating so hard for? Let’s all go memorise Buddhist scriptures together!”

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “It is as mysterious as this in the legends. As for its veracity, that isn’t something we can say for certain.”

Ah Hu’s head swayed like a rattle drum, “It is just inconceivable no matter how I think about it.”

Xiao Ai now said, “This maid also doesn’t understand the Buddhist arts. Still, I indeed heard Lady mention before that the essence of Buddhism before the time of the Future Buddha called for one to seek the essential truth of their hearts, seeing the Buddha in their hearts as everyone was able to become a Buddha. Yet, it is different for the Future Buddha.”

“However, while it is indeed true that there were many believers of Buddhism in pre-Great Calamity times, their worshippers spread widely beneath the vast heavens, this maid doesn’t know how it has become after the Great Calamity, though Lady did seem to know something.”

Feng Yunsheng frowned, “Never having seen any Buddhist arts or scriptures before, I can’t really say much on this. Still, I feel that even if it is true, it shouldn’t be so simple a thing, right? Could there be such a good thing in this world?”

Ah Hu asked rather hesitantly, “If it is true, it feels just like a transaction in a market?”

He shrunk back his head, unconsciously looking upwards.

While this might not be true now, in pre-Great Calamity times, that you would see divinities above as you simply raised your head was no mere falsehood.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “There are many things now that we cannot be certain of. Long, long ago, there were also times were the Buddhists and the Daoists shared a good relationship. However, as one side progressed, the other side’s development would inevitably correspondingly be affected.”

As this was also not something that they had personally experienced at the end of the day, Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai would merely discuss it for a bit before casting the thought away.

Yet, it was different for Yan Zhaoge.

There was something that he had not said.

While he had no way of confirming it, for Yan Zhaoge, if he were to say who he thought to be the most likely perpetrator of that tribulation which had decimated the Divine Palace of the Heavenly Court, it would undoubtedly be none other than the Buddhists.

Instead, it was whether the Great Calamity of back then had been related to the Buddhists which he could not be certain of. After all, the Buddhists had been developing very well in that period of time.

Still, this was only a vague thought that lacked any proof to speak of. As for the reason and the specific details of the process, Yan Zhaoge was unable to see through them at all.

There had also been many tensions and abnormalities involved that could not be easily explained.

This was related to Yan Zhaoge not being privy to sufficient information, causing him to be unable to lightly venture a guess as his heart was filled with doubts.

The shadow of the Great Calamity that year had always hung over Yan Zhaoge’s heart, never having been forgotten by him.

In chatting with Xiao Ai this day, he had actually gained quite a bit. At the very least, Yan Zhaoge felt that his mother, Xue Chuqing, might be able to alleviate some of his doubts.

Calming his thoughts, Yan Zhaoge returned his attention back to the current matter at hand.

The Dim Radiant Mausoleum having collapsed, while they were being protected by the Dim Radiant Wheel, the Myriad Dragon Palace was still tossed about for a long time in the chaotic flows of space.

These were, after all, great tidal waves which could overwhelm even Seeing Divinity Martial Saints.

In order to ensure their safety, they could only drift along with the waves and wait patiently now.

Only after the chaotic flows of space had calmed would they be able to attempt to return to the World beyond Worlds.

Before having set off, Yan Zhaoge had already made arrangements in the World beyond Worlds such that they would not have to worry about getting lost.

A reassuring thought was that things would only be worse for Luo Zhiyuan and the others of the Radiant Light Sect.

Apart from Luo Zhiyuan who was protected by the Sun Moon Wheels, everyone else such as Guo Song would only be able to survive if they were lucky.

It was destined that the people of the Radiant Light Sect would only be able to extricate themselves from the chaotic flows of space at a later time than Yan Zhaoge’s group.

Still, it was not that there were no other problems.

For example, while those of the Dim Darkness Sect might have been able to successfully avoid the collapse of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, they had previously offended a ninth level Martial Saint of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory who presided over all but one, the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide. He would definitely not let them go so easily.

How was the Dim Darkness Sect doing now?

As he wondered such, Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples.