Chapter 733: The Mantis Stalks The Cicada, Unaware Of The Oriole Behind

HSSB733: The mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind

Standing outside of the wound of the sky, Yan Zhaoge quietly looked at the light being emitted from the spatial crevice before him.

While his gaze appeared focused, his attention was actually on the surroundings as he carefully observed every single, slight motion occurring in his surroundings.

Whether it was Yan Zhaoge who had Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood or the Northern Ocean Clone who had stepped into the Seeing Divinity stage, both their spiritual senses were not to be underestimated.

This was especially so with Yan Zhaoge cultivating in the Peerless Heavenly Scripture which boosted his sensory abilities yet further.

He had sensed something a while ago which had then disappeared in a flash.

Yan Zhaoge did not believe that it could have been a hallucination on his part.

This being so, only one possibility remained. There was someone who was attempting to interfere with his sensing of the world around him.

The better the other side’s concealment, the more dangerous the situation should be, as this entailed that the other party possessed a higher cultivation base with greater strength. It was because of this that even his sensory abilities had correspondingly been affected.

“The person I observed at the start seemed to hate me, think of me as an enemy and want to kill me extremely greatly. It was because of that that I detected him so easily.”

While Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change, thoughts rapidly flashed through his mind, “It must be someone who has interacted with me and has clear enmity with me. Therefore, it cannot be those of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage, the North Sea Sword Pavilion, Copper Men Island or the Dim Darkness Sect.”

“They should be of the Southern Exalt’s lineage, from the Radiant Sect or the Grand Xuan Dynasty.”

“Being able to obscure my senses, it proves that their strength is not weak. Yet, they did not attack immediately. Either they are not fully confident of taking me down or they are scheming something, wanting to observe my actions.”

Yan Zhaoge liked taking the initiative. Therefore, he did not leave just like this, instead still getting the Northern Ocean Clone to enter the wound of the sky.

It was just that after entering that spatial crevice, the Northern Ocean Clone forcibly resisted the pressure of the power of dimensions, not venturing deeper within.

Instead, remaining close to the wound of the sky, the Northern Ocean Clone suddenly punched.

Beneath his great might, the wound of the sky instantly shook.

The abnormality with the wound of the sky as seen by Madame Kang’s group was actually an illusion created by Yan Zhaoge.

Looking at the wound of the sky where radiance was overflowing, Yan Zhaoge appeared taken aback on the outside, yet was secretly scrutinising his surroundings even more thoroughly in secret.

While Kang Jinyuan was rather temperamental, Madame Kang could still keep him patient as they did not make any rash moves.

Still, Yan Zhaoge abruptly felt something now.

He involuntarily looked into the distance where immeasurable radiance suddenly flickered, enveloping much of the space in the vicinity as it rapidly approached the wound of the sky.

“This concept? Someone of the Radiant Light Sect?” Yan Zhaoge could not help but frown, “It shouldn’t be them that I sensed earlier. This being so, there must be two groups of enemies here.”

Madame Kang and her sons similarly noticed the approaching radiance in the distance.

Without the slightest hesitation, Madame Kang retracted her aura, concealing herself more deeply alongside Kang Maosheng and Kang Jinyuan.

From this distance, she was already able to feel that the incoming group was hostile, possessing an expert who was no inferior to her.

Madame Kang did not fear them. Still, choosing to conceal their traces and being a waiting oriole who watched the mantis chasing the cicada was evidently more beneficial to her now.

Infinite radiance quickly enveloped the heavens and the earth, enveloping the entire Phoenix Bearing Region. A few people shot through the horizon, speedily nearing the wound of the sky.

The person at their head was a white-haired old woman who wore white robes, a stern expression on her face.

She carried a round mirror on which scenes of radiance were constantly flickering and changing.

This woman who seemed old was actually one of the Radiant Light Sect’s bigwigs, the Head of the Illusory Light Hall Tan Jin. She was a fifth level Martial Saint of the mid Seeing Divinity stage.

Beside her were several other Radiant Light Sect experts.

They had hurried here in order to assist their Chief Luo Zhiyuan and the others as they returned to the World beyond Worlds.

Following the collapse of the Dim Radiant Mausoleum, Luo Zhiyuan’s group had been trapped by a great tide of the chaotic flows of space.

Without the help of the Dim Radiant Wheels, even Luo Zhiyuan who was at the peak of the Seeing Divinity stage would find escaping within a short period of time as hard as ascending the heavens.

Still, the Radiant Light Sect had not departed on their quest wholly without preparations.

Recently, while Luo Zhiyuan’s group still remained trapped by the chaotic flows of space, they had successfully established contact with the Radiant Light Sect’s martial practitioners who remained in the World beyond Worlds. They wanted to work together in concert with them, directly returning to the World beyond Worlds.

Yet, they would have to use the wound of the sky here in the Phoenix Bearing Region.

While there was still the wound of the sky that led to the Eight Extremities World within the territory of the Radiant Light Sect, with space and time being chaotic within, that place was unusable. Tan Jin, Luo Zhiyuan and the others could only feel helpless regarding this.

Tan Jin could only lead some people in rushing over to the Phoenix Bearing Region. Fortunately, both the Grand Xuan Dynasty and the Dim Darkness Sect were currently in no state to watch over it as the place was left completely unguarded.

The Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners should not be interrupted as they rushed over to set up a ritual there.

Yet, just having arrived at the Phoenix Bearing Region, however, they discovered that Yan Zhaoge was actually right there.

Now, it was like one’s eyes being exceptionally bloodshot at the unexpected sight of their enemy.

Whether it was due to their past enmity or because Yan Zhaoge just happened to be blocking their way to the wound of the sky, Tan Jin and the others were momentarily taken aback before they all rushed towards Yan Zhaoge in unison!

“There is still another group of enemies that is concealed someplace unknown, observing this in secret as they wait for a chance…Yan Zhaoge rolled his eyes, “I came here to look for my kin this time, also not having come to deal with you. Must you really get enough people to fill up a few mahjong tables to surround me like this?”

After pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge suddenly turned, rushing into the wound of the sky!

As those of the Radiant Light Sect neared, before they could make their next move, the wound of the sky which had already been showing abnormal signs initially now shook even more intensely.

Entering the wound of the sky, Yan Zhaoge instantly experienced the powerful distortive force that seemed almost able to tear him to shreds.

Within the Myriad Dragon Palace that was miniaturised and swept along by his true essence, Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai could feel it the most distinctly.

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, retrieving the paper fan of sturdy divine wood from the Northern Ocean Clone and protecting them all with it.

He and the Northern Ocean Clone stayed near the entrance of the wound of the sky. He also controlled the Northern Ocean Clone who remained within the wound of the sky to cause the surrounding area to quake even further.

The Northern Ocean Clone punched out with his left fist, seemingly drawing something in mid-air with his right.

Numerous complex, profound runes appeared simultaneously, countless spirit patterns all stacking up upon one another to form an incomparably profound formation.

Affected by the formation, the spatial crevice which flickered with radiance actually began expanding further.

It was as though a wound was being ripped larger and larger.

The area near it still shone brightly with radiance. Yet, within the crevice existed an entity like a black hole which emitted immense suction force.

Taken completely unawares, even Tan Jin who was a longtime expert of the fifth level of the Martial Saint realm was instantly sucked in place by the black hole.

The wound of the sky resembled the maws of a fierce, savage beast at this moment which opened wide, frenziedly devouring all the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners who were in the vicinity.

Tan Jin and the others unceasingly worked hard to stabilise themselves, yet discovered that their group had already missed Yan Zhaoge.

They of the Radiant Light Sect were left enraged to the point of smoke rising from their orifices.

Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone were clearly still close to the spatial crevice where radiance currently enveloped the surrounding area.