Chapter 746: The Fate Of The Grand Xuan Dynasty

HSSB746: The fate of the Grand Xuan Dynasty

Yan Zhaoge’s casual words turned the faces of Luo Zhiyuan, Tan Jin and the rest even darker.

The Radiant Light Sect experts all resembled volcanoes that were ready to erupt at any moment.

North Sea Sword Pavilion’s Gu Hong smiled bitterly to himself as well. It seemed like the enmity between the two sides had only grown deeper.

Many things also seemed to have happened between them beforehand. Could all this be related to the Dim Radiant Mausoleum of legend?

The Dim Darkness Sect’s near extinction at the hands of the Star Plucking Practitioner seemed like it should be related to this matter as well?

Gu Hong’s thoughts flashed, he saying mildly as he could not bother trying for their reconciliation, “If Little Friend Yan is free, why not come to my Grinding Hut Region as a guest?”

Hearing his words, Luo Zhiyuan and the others understood that he still wished to protect Yan Zhaoge at the end of the day.

The Radiant Light Sect experts were just helpless. First not saying that Gu Hong had only come to the Phoenix Bearing Region at their invitation this time, in terms of strength alone, Luo Zhiyuan who was utterly exhausted and had also lost the moon wheel of the Sun Moon Wheels lacked the confidence to stand against Gu Hong now.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Pavilion Lord Gu is polite. It should be this Yan who will be troubling you.”

Luo Zhiyuan bid Gu Hong farewell with a dark look on his face, refusing to glance at Yan Zhaoge.

He was afraid to give Yan Zhaoge even a single glance right now for fear that he would be unable to resist the urge to charge right at him.

Seeing Luo Zhiyuan’s departing figure, Gu Hong sighed as he said, “In leaving this time, it is probable that he will not spend too much time recuperating. After recovering his vitality a little, he should be leading the Radiant Light Sect in declaring war on the Dim Darkness Sect.”

Although the Radiant Light Sect had suffered great losses in its trip to the Dim Radiant Mausoleum this time, as compared to the Dim Darkness Sect whose headquarters had been trampled on by the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide, they were unquestionably still in a much better state.

The Dim Darkness Sect would be unable to gain a stable foothold within a short period of time. Its longtime enemy, the Radiant Light Sect, would definitely not let a chance like this pass by.

An end seemed like it would finally be coming to the conflict between light and darkness which had been ongoing for so many years after the Dim Radiant Sect had split apart.

This was also not a matter that Gu Hong could interfere in.

Yan Zhaoge was instead thinking that it might not be so. Everyone knew that even without anyone’s interference, the Dim Darkness Sect would need a very long period of time to regain its vitality.

In truth, of the four great powers of the Royal Reed Sea aside from the Grand Xuan Dynasty, North Sea Sword Pavilion, the Radiant Light Sect, the Dim Darkness Sect and Copper Men Island, following this tribulation, the Dim Darkness Sect had already toppled from its throne, losing its qualifications to be acclaimed alongside the other three powers.

Even if the Radiant Light Sect let the Dim Darkness Sect be, the Dim Darkness Sect would need a long period of time to be able to get over its slump.

At the very least, Chief Zhou Haosheng would first have to recover from his injuries. Still, having been wounded by the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide, Zhou Haosheng was only alive now thanks to the assistance of the Southeastern Exalt’s disciple Lin Hanhua.

It was still an unknown whether Zhou Haosheng would be able to recover, regaining the strength he had possessed at his peak.

Under such circumstances, while both sides were longtime enemies, it did not seem that pressing a matter for the Radiant Light Sect to deal with the Dim Darkness Sect.

This was especially so when there seemed to be a certain entity which the entire Radiant Light Sect hated even more vehemently now…

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin. He, on the contrary, felt that after Luo Zhiyuan, Tan Jin and the rest had returned to the Radiant Light Sect and regained their vitality, it would first be himself and Broad Creed Mountain that they would target.

Moreover, the Dim Radiant Wheel was in his possession as well.

With the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage and North Sea Sword Pavilion protecting him, if the Radiant Light Sect felt that it would not be easy at all to succeed, they would most likely target Broad Creed Mountain in the Extremities World.

Still, as long as his Grand Master Yuan Zhengfeng could make it back to the Eight Extremities World in time, with him joining forces with his disciple Yan Di, the Radiant Light Sect might not be able to see any results even if they went all out in their assault.

After all, after they had ‘descended’, all their cultivation bases would be restricted to below the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm.

Yan Zhaoge pondered as he returned to the Grinding Hut Region to the north of the Royal Reed Sea alongside Gu Hong.

As he resided at North Sea Sword Pavilion as a guest, Yan Zhaoge paid attention to the current situation in the Royal Reed Sea through those around him.

Aside from the Radiant Light Sect, Yan Zhaoge also paid special attention to the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s movements.

If he was right, after having escaped from the bloodred vortex that day, Madame Kang would likely have been in danger of death.

The sword-intent of the Flowing Time Sword had been completely abnormal, resembling a brilliant sword-light that shone brightly right before the moment of one’s death, the final blossoming of life.

At the end of the day, Yan Zhaoge was getting hold of the news via other people rather than through competent assistants of his own. Therefore, he could only patiently await news.

“Like in the Eight Extremities World, I should also quickly establish an information-gathering network here in the World beyond Worlds,” Yan Zhaoge thought.

Yan Zhaoge saw such news and information reports to be of the utmost importance.

As Yan Zhaoge saw it, most devilishly wise plans in this world that seemed perfect and without flaw rested on the basis of the information available to both sides not being equivalent.

Therefore, he had always been rather concerned about this aspect. It had been so back in the Eight Extremities World, and it was so even now in the World beyond Worlds.

The days gradually passed. News returned that the Radiant Light Sect seemed raring to go as Luo Zhiyuan and the others gradually regained their vitality.

Still, an even more striking piece of news appeared now.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty’s current number one expert, Kang Ping of the head of the Shenling Ten Swords, had returned to the Royal Reed Sea!

Previously, Kang Ping had travelled alongside the Southeastern Exalt’s disciple, Cheng Zhiliang, in going to Golden Court Mountain to see the Southeastern Exalt, properly clarifying things with him.

This matter was of the utmost significance as it could affect the very fate of the Royal Reed Sea.

As the Grand Xuan Dynasty had quelled its war drums, with North Sea Sword Pavilion, the Radiant Light Sect and the other powers also occupied with their own matters, all this had actually been as they waited for the Southeastern Exalt’s decision.

Now that Kang Ping and Chen Zhiliang who had been away for a long time had returned to the Royal Reed Sea, this entailed that this matter was thus to be concluded.

If the Southeastern Exalt had been furious, not allowing they of the Grand Xuan Dynasty to remain in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, the core experts of the entire Grand Xuan Dynasty, those of the lineages of King Xuanwen, Shen Lingzi and Daoist Shi, would only be able to forsake centuries of their foundations and flee wretchedly from the Royal Reed Sea however much unwilling they were.

It would not be too much to say that the heavens of the entire Royal Reed Sea would hence change.

Those who had gotten wind of this were all paying close attention, awaiting the final, decisive news.

Yan Zhaoge who was a guest at North Sea Sword Pavilion instead first received something different.

It was an invitation.

It came from the head disciple of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage, the ‘Shadow Mountain Sword King’ Lin Hanhua who was currently stationed in the Royal Reed Sea.

When Yan Zhaoge saw Lin Hanhua again, he was still imposing as an unsheathed sword like before.

Only when he was meeting with Yan Zhaoge did the other party retract his aura, appraising him with a rather curious gaze as it was as though he was getting to know him once more.

“Able to control the Blood Devil Sacrificial Ceremony and the Illusory Devil Sacrificial Ceremony with such familiarity, it does truly surpass one’s expectations. You clearly do not cultivate in devilish arts.”

Lin Hanhua shook his head, “It couldn’t be that you cultivate in a martial art like the Spatial Heavenly Scripture? While your strength far surpasses others of the same cultivation level, causing such a great change in the wound of the sky is not something that can be done so easily at all.”

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was calm as he answered candidly, “They were indeed the Blood Devil Sacrificial Ceremony and the Illusory Devil Sacrificial Ceremony, being something that I inadvertently gained when out adventuring. I have liked dabbling in various unorthodox studies ever since my youth, often having been scolded by my seniors for being a wastrel as a result, I am ashamed to say.”

Lin Hanhua nodded, not inquiring further as he instead said something that would cause the entire Royal Reed Sea to quake intensely.

“Master has granted Kang Ping’s group permission to continue residing in the Royal Reed Sea.”