Chapter 749: Roc Expels The Sun, Sword Of Shocking Thunder

HSSB749: Roc expels the sun, sword of shocking thunder

Before this battle, Yan Zhaoge had already long since properly calculated many things.

Madame Kang having possibly died, the Grand Xuan Dynasty, especially Kang Ping and his sons, would probably not let it go so easily.

It was fine for Kang Maosheng and Kang Jinyuan, but Kang Ping possessed great strength as he was truly able to threaten Yan Zhaoge’s life.

While he was on friendly relations with Golden Court Mountain, he was not of the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage at the end of the day, while Kang Ping too possessed a substantial background.

Placing all his hopes on Lin Hanhua and the rest would be insufficient to assure his safety.

Yan Zhaoge naturally had to make countermeasures for this. It was just that he had originally thought that they would only come into play when Kang Ping attacked North Sea Sword Pavilion.

Now, however, he had coincidentally met Kang Ping here. While it was unexpected, Yan Zhaoge did not lose his bearings.

In the scenario of an early Merging Avatar Martial Saint facing off against an early Immortal Bridge Martial Saint, it would unquestionably spell certain death for the former.

If other first level Martial Saints had to face off against Kang Ping who was a seventh level Martial Saint and cultivated in the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture, they would definitely end up instakilled.

Kang Ping would not have to exert much effort at all.

To him, however many of such opponents came, they would still be slaughtered without question.

Today, Yan Zhaoge would have to fight this person here in a battle where victory was unattainable.

The other party’s cultivation base was laid out there for all to see. The difference between their cultivation bases was much too great. He did not wish for a battle to the death. If he could only escape, that would already be equivalent to victory.

Battling was definitely necessary here. Yan Zhaoge had never been interested in putting up no resistance against those who wanted to kill him, closing his eyes and waiting for death.

As for how he should battle in a way that would be most beneficial to him, that was rather a complex thing.

Before Kang Ping truly attacked, the true essence of Yan Zhaoge’s entire body had already surged.

If Kang Ping had not attacked, Yan Zhaoge’s actions would seem like some kind of self-entertainment where he was playing the role on his own.

Yet, Kang Ping had attacked.

With this, Yan Zhaoge having made his move earlier, it helped him to seize the initiative, successfully eliminating the advantage of Kang Ping’s strength and speed!

If not for him having moved half a step earlier, had he moved at the same time as Kang Ping, he would likely have been unable to react in time as he would already have been struck by a sword.

Now, as Kang Ping struck out with his sword, Yan Zhaoge had already summoned the Extreme Yang Seal and the Northern Ocean Clone!

Kang Ping was expressionless, the look on his face not changing in the slightest.

Substituting fingers for sword, mild sword-light flickered, resembling a long river of time as it instantly suffused the surrounding space, seemingly creating an independent world of its own.

Within this world, everything was permeated by the sword-light, turning pale as a result.

The movements of Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone suddenly slowed, while Kang Ping’s sword-light suddenly sped up!

With the variations in their speeds, Yan Zhaoge’s elimination of Kang Ping’s pre-emptive strike from earlier had turned out useless.

The sword-light that was unleashed later was the first to arrive!

It was still Kang Ping who was faster!

Beneath condensed time that resembled water, not only did the movements of Yan Zhaoge and the Northern Ocean Clone slow down, even the thoughts within their minds seemed to be slowing.

At this moment, time in this world seemed to come to a halt, no longer flowing.

Defying this natural law was only Kang Ping and his sword!

However, light suddenly flickered in Yan Zhaoge’s eyes before his movements then seemed to regain their original speed at this critical moment.

Kang Ping had manifested the effects of the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation with a single sword, weakening his enemies and strengthening himself.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge was extremely familiar with the Taiyi Imperial Breaking Formation, also having attained some incomplete knowledge of the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture through Liao Zheng which caused him to be agile with the help of his foundation of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Yan Zhaoge had completely ignored Kang Ping’s sword.

He was not so foolish as to try to compete in speed and variations with Kang Ping who was at the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm and also cultivated in the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

Now, he could only meet infinite variations with the unchanging, exacting his ideas with all he had!

Yan Zhaoge raised his hands, the left concealing the Cyclic Heavenly Seal and the right projecting the profundities of the Extreme Yang Scripture.

He stood behind the Northern Ocean Clone, now mightily clapping both his hands on his temples simultaneously!

The true essence within his body surged, variations propelled by the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture which transformed everything into the purest power of extreme yang.

All the power of extreme yang surged into the body of the Northern Ocean Clone.

The Northern Ocean Clone’s temples were currently raised high, flickering with dazzling radiance with the look of two actual suns.

Over this period of time, aside from the initial Baihui acupoint on the top of his head, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone had also already refined his temples on both sides of his head to see Divinity, resonating with the stars of the sky!

The temples, also known as the Extreme Yang acupoints, having seen true divinity, it was able to temporarily bear this power of extreme yang that was vast as an ocean of clouds!

The power of extreme yang surged within the Northern Ocean Clone’s body, similarly bearing the fist-intent of Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal and the Extreme Yang Scripture.

He pushed simultaneously with his hands towards the Extreme Yang Seal!

Roc Expels The Sun!

The Extreme Yang Seal which had already truly resembled the descended sun from the sky initially demonstrated even greater dominance now as it erupted with an unprecedentedly powerful aura!

Even Lin Hanhua and Kang Ping felt as though the space before them had turned blazing hot.

I am indeed just a first level Martial Saint, but I have a clone who has attained the Seeing Divinity Martial Saint realm.

Even though it was still insufficient to wield the full power of the Extreme Yang Seal, it would already have improved greatly!

Meanwhile, the Extreme Yang Seal had already been much too powerful in the first place!

This was a peak existence even amongst high-grade Sacred Artifacts that reigned at the top of all Sacred Artifacts, not being something that the likes of the King Xuan Spear, the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword and the Sun Moon Wheels could compare to at all.

The chance of survival that Yan Zhaoge sought existed therein!

The violent Extreme Yang Seal directly caused space to collapse, ripping apart that sword-light that resembled water.

“It is indeed unexpected. Still, how many of these can you use?” Kang Ping retracted his sword-light, the long river of time soundlessly clashing with the tyrannical Extreme Yang Seal.

The might of an early Immortal Bridge Martial Saint was demonstrated in all its dominance here as Kang Ping did not retreat at all, his sword-light sweeping down on the Extreme Yang Seal.

“That treasure is good, just that a pity that it is wasted in your hands. How can it secure your life?”

Kang Ping’s sword-intent surged madly, his sword-light growing even more tranquil and ephemeral though it also became several times more threatening with this.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone made use of the impact by his sword-light to fly back through the air towards Yan Zhaoge along with the Extreme Yang Seal.

After the Northern Ocean Clone had used that Roc Expels The Sun, Yan Zhaoge completely ignored him.

He also seemed not to care about the success of that strike by the Extreme Yang Seal and the safety of the Northern Ocean Clone at all.

The light of thunder abruptly flickered in Yan Zhaoge’s right pupil.

Fully executing Finger Flicking Shocking Thunder, Yan Zhaoge’s true essence circulated once more as the power of extreme yang instantly transformed back into chaos, next transforming from chaos into infinite, endless electricity.

“Go!” Yan Zhaoge roared, executing An Instant’s Thunder!

The true essence of his entire body erupted all at once in the form of electricity at that one instant.

In an instant, he blazed all his reserves, poured forth all he had!

The violent thunderbolts rampaged with the momentum of splitting the heavens and the earth apart.

Even so, it was still insufficient against Kang Ping who was an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint.

Yet, it was not Kang Ping that Yan Zhaoge was targeting.

As they flew backwards, the Northern Ocean Clone and the Extreme Yang Seal transformed into a streak of light which landed right in Yan Zhaoge’s palm, transmitting the force of the impact to him.

Yan Zhaoge bore this immense force with one hand as the low-grade Sacred Artifact, the Glorious Rainbow Sword, appeared in his other hand.

Yan Zhaoge circulated the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, transforming the mighty force surging into his body that threatened to rip him apart into an even more powerful explosive force.

As the power erupted, Yan Zhaoge combined it with that previous An Instant’s Thunder as he struck out with his sword, progressing in the opposite direction.

The sword-intent of the Immortal Ending Sword that carried the power of extinction was concealed within this sword as well, helping Yan Zhaoge to cleave through that world of light enveloped by the sword-intent of Kang Ping’s Time Flowing Sword!