Chapter 745: If I Had Known, I Would Have Blocked Your Path

HSSB745: If I had known, I would have blocked your path

Feeling those powerful auras, Yan Zhaoge could understand what was going on.

Besides Luo Zhiyuan, Tan Jin and the other Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners, Madame Kang’s trio and Yan Zhaoge had also been missing for a long time.

The various experts affiliated to them who knew of their general whereabouts had all congregated in the Phoenix Bearing Region to look for them.

A change had occurred with the wound of the sky, having previously transformed into an illusory domain as even the spatial crevice here had thereby dissipated into formlessness.

The reinforcements from both sides were unclear on what had happened whilst also vigilant of one another. Therefore, they had been at a standoff in the vicinity of the Phoenix Bearing Region, no one person daring to make any rash moves.

Seeing the wound of the sky gradually recovering now, everyone was instantly alerted as they shifted their attention over.

Focusing and detecting for a while, Yan Zhaoge sensed that there were two auras which were the most powerful. Both of them were sword-qis.

One was vast and vigorous, resembling a great ocean.

The other was without beginning and without end, manifesting the profundities of time.

Without question, these two Immortal Bridge Martial Saints were Pavilion Lord Gu Hong of the North Sea Sword Pavilion as well as another figure of the Shenling Ten Swords.

Gu Zhang had previously been ambushed by experts of the various sects, having been injured as a result. It was unknown whether he had recovered from his injuries. The person who had come was likely the other Immortal Bridge Martial Saint aside from him and Kang Ping, He Dongcheng of Shen Lingzi’s lineage.

Other than Gu Hong and He Dongcheng, the auras of other experts could also be felt in the vicinity.

There were some from the Radiant Light Sect as well as Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge emerge, Gu Hong and the rest were initially taken aback.

They had not known about the situation with the wound of the sky before this, only having come in search of the missing people.

Seeing Gu Hong, Yan Zhaoge too was rather surprised. Still, he thought about it and could basically guess what this was all about.

It was probably the Radiant Light Sect which had invited Gu Hong to come here.

While Nong Yuxuan’s stealing of credit in the matter of the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation back then had caused things to grow sour between the North Sea Sword Pavilion and the Radiant Light Sect, these two sects were not irrevocable enemies like the latter with the Dim Darkness Sect.

Yan Zhaoge did not know what kind of price the Radiant Light Sect had paid to ease the relationship between them and the North Sea Sword Pavilion, but it definitely would not have been light.

With Nong Yuxuan already dead, it was also only reasonable for the North Sea Sword Pavilion to accept the Radiant Light Sect’s apologetic sentiments.

While the Grand Xuan Dynasty had currently quelled the drums of war, the Southeastern Exalt’s decision was of primary significance here. Before it had been settled, no one could know for sure what might eventually come of things.

They might have to join hands in standing against a common enemy in the future, with both their existences being predicated on the other. With the Radiant Light Sect trying to make peace, the North Sea Sword Pavilion had thus decided to give them a hand.

“Yan Zhaoge?!” As the Radiant Light Sect martial practitioners saw Yan Zhaoge, their moods instantly plummeted to the utmost.

Sadly, the North Sea Sword Pavilion was instead closer to Yan Zhaoge than it was to them.

That sword-light that resembled water and a long river suffused the horizon, shooting over towards the wound of the sky.

Gu Hong’s sword-intent that was vast and mighty as the ocean immediately went forth, guarding Yan Zhaoge as it blocked the other party.

“Little Friend Yan,” Gu Hong gazed questioningly at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge spread his arms apart, “Luo Zhiyuan, Tan Jin and the rest are in the wound of the sky. Still, space is extremely fierce and chaotic there now. It will have to depend on their own abilities whether they will be able to make it out alive.”

“Other than that, the Grand Xuan Dynasty also has people inside.”

Gu Hong was shocked. He gazed at the wound of the sky, seeing it shaking intensely.

The next moment, a figure shot out from within, bedraggled beyond compare. It was precisely the Chief of the Radiant Light Sect, Luo Zhiyuan.

Even with Luo Zhiyuan’s past experiences, he experienced the relief of barely surviving a tribulation as he felt incomparably fearful after the fact.

The expert leading the group from the Grand Xuan Dynasty seemed old on the surface, yet had eyes that were young and acute, resembling that of a youth. This person was precisely an early Immortal Bridge Martial Saint expert of Shen Lingzi’s lineage.

Seeing Yan Zhaoge and Luo Zhiyuan emerge from the wound of the sky yet being unable to see the figures of Madame Kang’s trio, he felt greatly panicked.

Beneath his sword-light, an all-encompassing rain of light suffused the air, space degenerating where all these ‘raindrops’ passed.

Gu Hong roared, unleashing his cultivation base to the maximum.

Dense sword-qi transformed into a boundless, limitless ocean, hanging above the horizon as waves surged to the heavens, repelling the opposing force.

Seeing that both Yan Zhaoge and Luo Zhiyuan had already safely emerged from the wound of the sky, Gu Hong did not continue to battle as he instead led everyone along in retreating together.

While Luo Zhiyuan had managed to break free of the wound of the sky, he was extremely fatigued as he would not be able to battle an expert of the early Immortal Bridge stage even with the sun wheel in hand.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty had dispatched numerous experts here. If some reinforcements came, they would be hard pressed to deal with it.

As Gu Hong saw Luo Zhiyuan glaring resentfully and hatefully at Yan Zhaoge, he felt rather troubled.

Yan Zhaoge, though, did not mind this. He smilingly glanced at Luo Zhiyuan before turning to look at the wound of the sky once more.

He Dongcheng had similarly set his sights on the wound of the sky. Seeing that Yan Zhaoge, Gu Hong and the others had retreated, he heaved a sigh of relief and hastily shot towards that spatial crevice.

The spatial crevice that flickered with radiance was distorting intensely with a strange glow.

Feeling the changes in space within, He Dongcheng’s expression changed slightly.

He could feel that the interior of the wound of the sky did not simply connect to some lower world. Instead, it was also connected to an independent spatial domain.

Meanwhile, that spatial domain had only just collapsed with a terrifying momentum which left even he who was of the Immortal Bridge Martial Saint realm feeling rather fearful.

What was more worrisome was that if Madame Kang and her two sons had been inside that spatial domain, even if he were to charge into the wound of the sky now, he would already no longer be in time to save them. That spatial domain had already been destroyed for good.

He Dongcheng had just been about to exert his final means when he saw a sword-light that was brilliant to the extreme shoot out from within the wound of the sky.

Seeing that sword-light, an astonished look appeared on Luo Zhiyuan’s face.

Yan Zhaoge was rather surprised as well. With his understanding of that bloodred vortex, it would have collapsed very quickly, with only either one of the two groups granted enough time to escape.

Still, after having seen that brilliant sword-light, a thoughtful look appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face.

The sword-light of the Time Flowing Sword that originated from the Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture was long and eternal. The higher one’s attainments in it, the milder the sword-light would instead become, much like the tracelessness of the ages.

Dazzling brilliance such as this was actually an extremely abnormal phenomenon.

Resembling a comet, an instant’s light.

Beneath Gu Hong’s lead, everyone did not linger as they fled far away.

The Grand Xuan Dynasty seemed to be preoccupied with something as He Dongcheng’s group did not pursue them.

A distance away from the Phoenix Bearing Region, Gu Hong looked at Yan Zhaoge and Luo Zhiyuan, “The two of you, what exactly happened?”

“Speaking of this, Chief Luo was the most innocent, having unfortunately been dragged into things,” Yan Zhaoge said casually, “This Yan had something to do at that wound of the sky, not having known beforehand that Elder Tan of the Radiant Light Sect and experts of the Grand Xuan Dynasty would be coming as well.”

“Both sides happily sought to render this Yan dead. This Yan naturally wouldn’t remain a sitting duck, presenting myself for the slaughter. Therefore, I made use of the wound of the sky to contest things with them a little.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Luo Zhiyuan, “Only when seeing Chief Luo’s lot did I realise what your sect’s Elder Tan and the rest had come here to do.”

He laughed, “Of course, I do not deny that if I had known about it beforehand, I would have been very happy to completely block off your route back to the World beyond Worlds. Therefore, from the standpoint of eventualities, there is actually no difference at all.”