Chapter 753: The Endangered Radiant Light Sect

HSSB753: The endangered Radiant Light Sect

“Going fishing?” Ah Hu looked at Yan Zhaoge, seeming rather taken aback.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Because Lin Hanhua has protected me, Kang Ping and the Grand Xuan Dynasty are temporarily unable to find trouble with me as their rage has been directed fully towards the Radiant Light Sect and the North Sea Sword Pavilion.”

“The North Sea Sword Pavilion played a part in the capture of the disciple of the Southern Exalt who trespassed on their borders. This can be considered as them having sowed good karma with Golden Court Mountain.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “While Lin Hanhua said that Gu Hong is also an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint, implying that they will not intervene, if Pavilion Lord Gu is really pressured to the point of asking for Golden Court Mountain’s protection, Golden Court Mountain would likely not ignore their request.”

Ah Hu grinned, “Of the three sects, there is only the Radiant Light Sect that has to solitarily face the flames of fury of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed into the distance, “The lips and the teeth cannot solitarily survive the winter. With the Radiant Light Sect facing a large scale attack by the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the Dim Darkness Sect that is really weak beyond compare right now aside, the North Sea Sword Pavilion and Copper Men Island would most likely have to provide reinforcements. While Pavilion Lord Gu knows that he is one of their targets, he will probably still make an appearance.”

Ah Hu nodded, this being within his expectations as well.

Unless Gu Hong brought the North Sea Sword Pavilion in moving out of the Royal Reed Sea, asking for Golden Court Mountain’s assistance in their journey, with the lips and teeth unable to solitarily survive the winter, were the Radiant Light Sect to be completely decimated, the North Sea Sword Pavilion too would be hard pressed to survive alone beneath the overwhelming pressure of the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Feng Yunsheng said, “Still, the Radiant Light Sect should be unable to hold on even with the help of North Sea Sword Pavilion and Copper Men Island.”

In contrast to their previous battle, the anti-Xuan forces had suffered losses while the Grand Xuan Dynasty now had their number one expert Kang Ping who had not participated in battle previously.

With the gap in their strength widening, the anti-Xuan coalition’s chances did not look good at all.

Yan Zhaoge extended three fingers before furling up one of them, “If I were to consider things from the Radiant Light Sect’s perspective, there are three probable methods. First, they could simply change their target, giving up on their foundation in the World beyond Worlds and making use of the wound of the sky leading to the Eight Extremities World to launch a full frontal assault.”

“If the entire sect descends to the Eight Extremities World, they could make use of the suppression of the power of dimensions to somewhat mitigate the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s numerical advantage.”

To put it simply, even though I have no way of becoming as strong as you within a short period of time, I could just as well think of a way to make you as weak as me.

Still, this would be too demanding on the Radiant Light Sect.

Even if they had sufficient treasures to support all their disciples in descending through the wound of the sky, after they had descended, it would be very difficult for those who had yet to reach the fourth level of the Martial Saint realm to ascend back into the World beyond Worlds.

Yan Zhaoge furled his second finger, “Second, they could protect their people and forsake the Sun Moon Peak in the Virtuous Spirit Region, bringing their disciples in heading to Copper Men Island.”

The strength of Copper Men Island’s three guardian copper men was equivalent to that of Immortal Bridge Martial Saints, making it unquestionably the most advantageous geographical formation here in the Royal Reed Sea.

There, the anti-Xuan coalition would have a chance to face off against the Grand Xuan Dynasty.

Still, this did not just concern the Radiant Light Sect alone. Copper Men Island becoming the main battlefield aside, North Sea Sword Pavilion could likely also be forced to give up on its foundations.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Looking at the overall situation and considering for the long-term, this solution is rather more rational. Still, it is hard to say if the Radiant Light Sect will choose it.”

“As for the reason…” Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “It seems like it might be related to me a little.”

Yan Zhaoge was becoming increasingly close with Golden Court Mountain, Lin Hanhua even having been willing to block Kang Ping for his sake.

In contrast, the Radiant Light Sect had become the target of the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s intense rage.

It could only be imagined how despondent the Radiant Light Sect must be feeling with this.

Since Golden Court Mountain could not protect them, why then shouldn’t they look for a more suitable backer?

Coincidentally, there was indeed likely to be an existence such as this in the current Royal Reed Sea…

Yan Zhaoge furled his last finger, “The southern Blazing Heaven Territory.”

Hearing his words, Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu both had looks of realisation surface on their faces, the latter saying after a moment’s hesitation, “Young Master, it shouldn’t be, right? If it really were so, it would be equivalent to the Radiant Light Sect having cut off their future for good in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “That would depend on the Southern Exalt’s exact intentions. At the end of the day, the Royal Reed Sea directly borders the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.”

Ah Hu mused, “If such a day truly arrives, the heavens and the earth of the Royal Reed Sea would truly have changed then.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Yeah, right? But if the Radiant Light Sect truly becomes the pawn of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, the spearhead of their advance into the southeast, it would then be very easy for them to become cannon fodder as they would be hard pressed to enjoy the fruits of their labour in sweet victory.”

“If it were me, I wouldn’t choose this method. Still, who can say for sure that Luo Zhiyuan will not make such a desperate gamble?”

Feng Yunsheng said, “You said earlier that someone is trying to go fishing. This is what you meant?”

Ah Hu’s expression changed slightly, “The fish refers to the people of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory while the Radiant Light Sect is the bait. The ones going fishing is Golden Court Mountain?”

Yan Zhaoge simply nodded in response.

Ah Hu felt sweat trickling down his back, “Is it Lin Hanhua?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “No. It is likely the one surnamed Mu. Him having accompanied Kang Ping and Chen Zhiliang to the Royal Reed Sea this time, it should be for keeping a close eye on the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation on the one hand whilst actually also assisting Lin Hanhua on the other in handling the matter of the Southern Exalt’s lineage trespassing onto their territory.”

At this point, within Yan Zhaoge’s mind surfaced the image of Mu Jun’s smiling, approachable face.

Comparatively speaking, Yan Zhaoge still felt that Lin Hanhua whose sharpness was ever visible like that of a blade who was rather easier to associate with.

In associating with this Mu Jun, he might truly have been betrayed yet still unknowingly be helping to count money for him.

“Of course, there still remains one possibility,” Yan Zhaoge said, “Mu Jun has a secret collaborative relationship with the Radiant Light Sect which has been intentionally acting as per his instructions, borrowing the crisis brought about by the Grand Xuan Dynasty to establish communication with people of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory.”

Ah Hu grinned, “This way, the Radiant Light Sect is really walking on a tightrope.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Yeah, right? Of course, while the scheme is good, no one can know for sure if the people of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory will bite the hook.”

“This is actually more of a means of probing. Mu Jun wants to know the true motive of the southern Yang Heaven Territory.”

If the other side had no intentions of conquering the territory to the southeast, they would likely ignore any and all requests for aid by the Radiant Light Sect.

Ah Hu asked curiously, “Young Master, which of these do you think is more likely to happen?”

“A verdict cannot be made now. These are actually still just speculations of mine which require some verification,” Yan Zhaoge said, “We need only observe the Radiant Light Sect’s next step to find out.”

Here, Yan Zhaoge brought them along in entering the Myriad Dragon Palace and entering the deep sea, heading for the Sun Moon Peak of the Virtuous Spirit Region which served as the Radiant Light Sect’s headquarters.

Along the way, Yan Zhaoge asked Xiao Ai, “Xiao Ai, back when you were travelling alongside mother, did you ever hear her mentioning descendants of the Prime Clear lineage?”

Xiao Ai had appeared totally devoid of interest when Yan Zhaoge had been talking about the Radiant Light Sect and Mu Jun with Feng Yunsheng and Ah Hu earlier.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge asking her about something now, she concentrated and thought about it.

After carefully recalling things for a moment, Xiao Ai’s eyes lit up, “I did!”