Chapter 752: Sword Of The Prime Clear Lineage

HSSB752: Sword of the Prime Clear lineage

While Lin Hanhua employed a questioning tone, his gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge did not carry a hint of an inquiry at all as he seemed just to be narrating a fact.

Yan Zhaoge was rather taken aback as many thoughts instantly flashed through his mind.

After having learnt that the Earthly Sovereign had restricted descendants of the Prime Clear lineage from entering the World beyond Worlds, while he did not understand the reason for it, Yan Zhaoge had still paid attention to this.

It just happened that of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords, he cultivated in the Immortal Ending Sword which was the most proficient at variations.

With him intentionally concealing it, it would be very difficult for spectators to notice the truth.

This was especially so when Yan Zhaoge had even used An Instant’s Thunder as cover, thereby making it even more difficult to be noticed.

Kang Ping was similarly extremely powerful and knowledgeable. While he might still be less knowledgeable than Lin Hanhua, he was still far from comparable to the ordinary person.

Also, he had earlier personally traded blows with Yan Zhaoge, directly facing his sword.

Yet, Kang Ping had not noticed anything abnormal, while somehow, it was Lin Hanhua who had been a mere spectator who had somehow managed to see through the Immortal Ending Sword Manual?

Could it be that Lin Hanhua had not actually noticed it, merely having felt something suspicious?

And now, he was actually just probing him out with words?

Yan Zhaoge pondered rapidly, but he now heard Lin Hanhua continue, “Who taught you your Immortal Ending Sword?”

With this, Yan Zhaoge knew that Lin Hanhua was not actually simply probing him out.

Instead, he truly recognised the sword-intent of the Immortal Ending Sword.

How had he done it?

A slight glow flickered within Yan Zhaoge’s eyes.

There was only one possibility, and that was that Lin Hanhua too cultivated in a sword dao of the Prime Clear lineage, this being the same Immortal Ending Sword Manual as Yan Zhaoge!

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “The Sword King is indeed discerning. When in the lower worlds, I indeed coincidentally obtained a remnant legacy of one of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords, the Immortal Ending Sword.”

“Seeing such a formidable martial art, this Yan was naturally overjoyed and could not help but cultivate in it. It was only after having come to the World beyond Worlds that I learnt about the decree of the Earthly Sovereign.”

“I am not of the Prime Clear lineage. I hope that the Sword King will not tell others about this, and thank you first here.”

Lin Hanhua glanced deeply over at Yan Zhaoge, saying after a long time, “Your Immortal Ending Sword does not contain the imprint of the Jade Clear lineage, not being what was passed down by the Lord of the Dao and Conduct. Instead, it is truly of the direct lineage of the Prime Clear lineage.”

A long, long time ago, during the battles of the Investiture of the Gods, the legendary four Immortal Exterminating Swords belonging to the Lord of Numinous Treasure had once all fallen into the hands of the Jade Clear lineage.

It was a disciple of the Lord of Primordial Beginning, the Lord of Dao and Conduct, who had obtained the true Immortal Ending Sword.

With this, the sword-intent of the Immortal Ending Sword had ended up flowing into the Jade Clear lineage. Still, it had been a little different from that of the Prime Clear lineage at the end of the day.

Afterwards, descendants of the Lord of Dao and Conduct had seldom passed on this martial art. It was thus that the Jade Clear lineage’s Immortal Ending Sword had already long since gone extinct before the time of the Great Calamity.

The Immortal Ending Sword Manual stored in the Martial Repository of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was the most orthodox of the Numinous Treasure Four Swords, originating from descendants of the Prime Clear lineage who resided in the Heavenly Court.

Therefore, after hearing Lin Hanhua’s words, Yan Zhaoge’s pupils dilated slightly.

Being able to distinguish between the Immortal Ending Sword of the Jade Clear lineage and the Immortal Ending Sword of the Prime Clear lineage, the difficulty of such was at a whole new level.

If it were said that Lin Hanhua was not versed in the Immortal Ending Sword, the entire heavens’s worth of divinities would not believe it.

Also, Yan Zhaoge could be certain that Lin Hanhua too cultivated in the Immortal Ending Sword of the Prime Clear lineage!

Therein lay the problem. The Shadow Mountain Sword King Lin Hanhua was not simply renowned throughout the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. He was also a well-known figure of the entire World beyond Worlds.

Even the Earthly Sovereign might be familiar with him, being aware of his existence.

Lin Hanhua’s sword dao was forthright and unyielding and he had clashed with innumerable people before. Could it be possible that he had actually never been exposed as cultivating in a sword dao of the Prime Clear lineage all this time?

Yan Zhaoge was the one who very much wanted to ask him where he had learnt his Immortal Ending Sword from.

If he had obtained it through a fortuitous encounter, that would still be fine. Yet, if Lin Hanhua was truly a descendant of the orthodox Prime Clear lineage, that really boggled one’s mind somewhat.

If he was a direct descendant of the orthodox Prime Clear lineage, what about his Master, the Southeastern Exalt?

The Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories were jointly acclaimed in this world. It really could not be that the Earthly Sovereign was unaware of the Southeastern Exalt’s background?

If it were really like this, it was impossible that he could have attained his current position.

Was it that the Southeastern Exalt had hidden the matter for his disciple or was it that for some unknowable reason, the Earthly Sovereign had intentionally overlooked Lin Hanhua’s existence?

Or was it that Lin Hanhua had betrayed his original lineage, leaving their tutelage before only becoming a disciple of the Southeastern Exalt afterwards?

There were too many possibilities that were hard to say for sure. Meanwhile, it was also very difficult to say what Lin Hanhua intended with his current attitude.

While he had protected him, helping him to obstruct Kang Ping, he still could not let down his guard around him so easily.

Even as countless thoughts flashed through his mind, there were no changes in Yan Zhaoge’s facial expression whatsoever as he smiled, “Thank you for your tips, Sword King. I was unsure of all this beforehand.”

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, Lin Hanhua said after a while, “You already know of the Earthly Sovereign’s decree now. You must know that this is not to be taken lightly.”

Yan Zhaoge said solemnly, “I understand.”

Lin Hanhua nodded, ceasing to discuss this topic or why he had wanted to protect Yan Zhaoge who was proficient in the Prime Clear lineage’s legacy.

He changed the topic, “Kang Ping still desires to kill you, merely having been temporarily sent into retreat by me and junior apprentice-brother Mu.”

“It is even to the point that after having dealt with the Radiant Light Sect, he may assemble the others of the Grand Xuan Dynasty and come here, exerting pressure on us to hand you over.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “I will be careful. Many thanks to the Sword King this time.”

Lin Hanhua shook his head, “It is fine.”

After taking his leave of Lin Hanhua, Yan Zhaoge did not immediately leave as he stood amidst space in deep thought.

Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai exited the Myriad Dragon Palace. Everyone heaved a sigh of relief.

They had previously remained in the Myriad Dragon Palace, hidden within the formation of the Dim Darkness Sect’s branch altar.

None of them had thought that Yan Zhaoge might actually face his most threatening tribulation ever since his arrival in the World beyond Worlds then.

“Young Master, we are leaving just like this? It was not easy at all for us to gain the protection of the Shadow Mountain Sword King,” Ah Hu asked curiously.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Kang Ping came unprepared this time. He will not be so easy to get rid of again.”

“Lin Hanhua having been willing to help, we should naturally thank him. Still, it does not feel good constantly bringing trouble to others. Most of the time, we ultimately have to depend on ourselves.”

“Moreover, we still cannot be sure now why Lin Hanhua helped us.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “If we were to remain here, our whereabouts would be definite as it would be equivalent to trapping ourselves and not doing anything at all. This is not a situation that I would like to see.”

“In temporarily leaving, while there will be risks, so long as we move about covertly, it would not be so easy for our enemy to find us.”

Nodding, Ah Hu suddenly laughed as he gloated, “The Radiant Light Sect is in for it this time. If Kang Ping rushes to their headquarters as well, it will be hard even if they do not want to be decimated.”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes narrowed into slits as he seemed to think of something, “The Radiant Light Sect is indeed going to suffer tragically. Still, when this will happen cannot be said for sure.”

“I’ve only just realised this. This matter is not as simple as it seems. Someone is trying to go fishing.”