Chapter 767: A New Site For Their Base

HSSB767: A new site for their base

Chen Zhiliang glanced at Yan Zhaoge, saying, “Little Friend Yan should remain careful if you intend to remain active in this region.”

The Southeastern Exalt’s lineage had captured the personal disciple of the Southern Exalt, Wang Hui, with Yan Zhaoge’s assistance.

He had even personally killed another personal disciple of the Southern Exalt, Li Jing.

It could be said that while Yan Zhaoge had never been to the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, he had already thoroughly offended the Southern Exalt.

Chen Zhiliang said slowly, “The southern Blazing Heaven Territory has already dispatched people to our southeastern Golden Court Mountain to meet Master.”

“Yet, we have discovered that someone from their side has also come directly to the Royal Reed Sea.”

“The signs indicate that the other party is no ordinary person, instead being a peak expert with a powerful cultivation base. Senior apprentice-brother Lin and senior apprentice-brother Mu have already come over in preparation to deal with this.”

Chen Zhiliang paused slightly for a moment before continuing, “Still, due to the Endless Magnetic Storms of the Clear Scenic Region which has made complicated the surrounding environment, it is not easy to quickly locate the other party right now.”

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Many thanks for Mister Chen’s reminder. I will be careful.”

“If I coincidentally come across traces of the descendant of the Southern Exalt’s lineage, I will notify you as soon as possible.”

Chen Zhiliang looked at him, “You are indeed still making a trip to the Clear Scenic Region? That is no mere danger ground.”

The danger there did not merely consist of natural hazards like the Endless Magnetic Storms.

The three peak experts of Sheng Lingzi’s lineage, the Immortal Bridge Martial Saints Kang Ping, Gu Zhang and He Dongcheng, had all ventured within.

Apart from that, there was also the fleeing Chief of the Radiant Light Sect, Luo Zhiyuan, who was antagonistic towards Yan Zhaoge.

The threats facing Yan Zhaoge in entering the Clear Scenic Region were much greater than just natural disasters alone.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, cupping his hands towards Chen Zhiliang and Bai Ziming, “This Yan thanks you for your good intentions.”

Seeing this, Chen Zhiliang and Bai Ziming knew that he had already made up his mind.

“This youngster is really something, being fearless towards everything. I really do not know whether I should call him crazy or courageous.”

Chen Zhiliang sighed, ceasing in his thoughts as he glanced again at Yan Di and the wound of the sky in the distance.

Chen Zhiliang felt that it was necessary for him to immediately report all that he had just witnessed to Lin Hanhua and Mu Jun.

After exchanging some more pleasantries with Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, he and Bai Ziming departed.

They had come to the vicinity of the Clear Scenic Region and the Virtuous Spirit Region primarily due to the arrival of a disciple of the Southern Exalt there.

After having gained a general grasp of the conflict between the Grand Xuan Dynasty and the anti-Xuan forces in the Virtuous Spirit Region, Chen Zhiliang and Bai Ziming took their leave together.

After the two left, Yan Zhaoge turned and told Yan Di, “I intend to head to the Clear Scenic Region.”

He first briefly described the latest situation in the Royal Reed Sea before narrating in detail how the Radiant Light Sect’s Sun Moon Peak had just fallen to the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s assault.

“King Xuanmu and a great many Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners were slain by us here, with the legendary hereditary treasure, the Grand Xuan Spear that is a high-grade Sacred Artifact, having fallen into my hands as well. Whether or not Kang Ping and the others successfully get rid of the Radiant Light Sect, after they have extricated themselves from the Endless Magnetic Storms and hear this news, they will definitely attempt to seek vengeance.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at that wound of the sky, “This place cannot be defended effectively, leaving us in too forced a situation. Therefore, I want to make a pre-emptive strike. While there may be quite the risk in doing so, it is also a necessary thing.”

His gaze turned slightly cold, “If we are able to do something with the help of the Endless Magnetic Storms, to the current us, it would instead be of immense help as we would no longer be stranded.”

Yan Di frowned, “While I do not understand these Endless Magnetic Storms, from what you are saying, even experts of the seventh level of the Martial Saint realm have to be careful within. However, you have some confidence of braving it whilst achieving a beneficial effect?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “You can rest assured on this. While the Endless Magnetic Storms are rampant, with Kang Ping and the other Immortal Bridge Martial Saints already having gone in, as they resist the storms with their powerful cultivation bases, they are actually also restricting the power of the storms. If I go in now, it will instead be much safer than it usually is.”

“As for the threat these people pose, I will also have great leeway around this due to the Endless Magnetic Storms.”

Yan Zhaoge glanced at the Clear Scenic Region, “Still, if I am to enter, I have to be quick.”

Yan Di pondered for a moment before saying, “I have always felt greatly assured with your handling of matters all these years. While you like using the risky moves, you never go over in over your head.”

“You have long since matured, and I am very supportive of whatever thoughts you might have. Still, I am afraid that I cannot accompany you this time.”

Yan Di’s brows were knit tight, “According to what you just said, apart from King Xuanmu, this Grand Xuan Dynasty also has other experts of the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm, and not merely just one of them. If they hurry over, I have to be waiting for them at this wound of the sky.”

“While Master is currently guarding over the Eight Extremities World, I cannot let him bear all the pressure on his own.”

When King Xuanmu had led his troops in descending to the Eight Extremities World this time, there had indeed been an incomparable ‘surprise’ waiting for them.

Yan Di aside, Yuan Zhengfeng too had already successfully returned to the Eight Extremities World.

Both this master and disciple were unstoppable in the lower worlds, sweeping through their enemies as they were able to fight one against many. In the end, the two had joined forces, slaughtering the descending Grand Xuan Dynasty troops who had almost all perished there.

However, King Xuanmu had somewhat overestimated himself this time, acting too hastily with insufficient information on his opponents.

With King Xuanmu having died and the King Xuan Spear having been lost, the Grand Xuan Dynasty had really suffered catastrophic losses this time.

Nevertheless, the Grand Xuan Dynasty still remained a powerful existence as it also possessed peak experts like their four Lord Protectors.

Kang Ping and the others had formed their main force in the assault on the Sun Moon Peak of the Virtuous Spirit Region this time. No other peak experts besides King Xuanmu had come as they all remained within their other territories of the Royal Reed Sea.

When they received news of King Xuanmu’s death in battle, a new storm would definitely arise.

“We have basically killed all the Grand Xuan Dynasty martial practitioners here, while Chen Zhiliang and Bai Ziming will not speak of this so easily. It will still be some time later before the Grand Xuan Dynasty learns of the news,” Yan Zhaoge said, “Moreover, with King Xuanmu’s death, his throne has now become vacant. There are probably many who would desire to sit on it.”

With this, Yan Zhaoge and the others still had a considerable amount of time to work things out.

Yan Di said, “While this possibility exists, we cannot stake all our hopes on the internal conflict of our enemies.”

“That’s right. Still, this time difference is one that we can make use of,” Yan Zhaoge looked at the wound of the sky before gazing into the distance, his gaze traversing the vast ocean and falling on where the Sun Moon Peak had once stood.

“The Heavy Sun Sect of the Floating Gate World gained a stable foothold in the World beyond Worlds and re-established their sect there, and this is something our Broad Creed Mountain too could do,” Yan Zhaoge suddenly smiled, “Still, if we are to re-establish our clan, we might have to temporarily choose this place which the Radiant Light Sect used to call home.”

Yan Di smiled as well, “There are both benefits and detriments to the existence of this wound of the sky.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Clear up all the enemies who pose a threat, and there will naturally no longer be anything to worry about afterwards.”

Yan Di said, “As an important safeguard, we will instead need Master to temporarily remain in the Eight Extremities World for a period of time. Master is actually just that sliver away from breaking through that bottleneck.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Before I came up this time, Master specifically instructed that the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture he obtained be transmitted to you as well.”