Chapter 771: Faster Than You

HSSB771: Faster than you

While that phoenix had shattered the Kunpeng silhouette, as the Extreme Yang Seal descended, it also slammed him into dizziness, causing him to topple backwards.

Fortunately, he possessed shocking defensive power from the meritorious virtue and fortuitous virtue of the Phoenix True Form Scripture that he cultivated in.

Were it King Xuanmu or Luo Zhiyuan, taken unawares like this, they would definitely be badly wounded by that direct hit from the Extreme Yang Seal.

Having received an attack from the Extreme Yang Seal, his high-grade Sacred Artifact now activated.

A dark red glow suffused the depths of the sea, enveloping the surrounding area and restricting the Extreme Yang Seal.

A voice resounded from amidst the flames, “It is no wonder. This is what you were depending on?”

He would not allow anyone to covet what he had his eye on. All who dared to draw near would be killed without question.

Yet, the other party was actually even more arrogant than him. Being lazy to further attack a fourth level Martial Saint, he deemed it fine if he spared his life. Yet, the other party was actually reluctant to give up, even counterattacking he who was at the sixth level of the Martial Saint realm head-on?

Despite feeling rather befuddled initially, he now regained his wits.

“Nice treasure! It seems to resemble the accompanying treasure of the past Exalted Solar Luminary, the Extreme Yang Seal. Who might you be, that you actually possess this great treasure? Could you be the descendant of the Exalted Solar Luminary?”

The fiery phoenix abruptly spread its wings, a dark red glow sweeping back towards the Northern Ocean Clone and the Extreme Yang Seal.

Yan Zhaoge did not reply as the Northern Ocean Clone made use of the Earth Devouring Burner to bear some of that immense pressure before barely suppressing his roiling qi and blood, his figure abruptly turning.

The silhouette of a Kunpeng condensed once more, moving swiftly as it brought the Extreme Yang Seal along in descending, surpassing that fiery phoenix and shooting towards the bottom of the sea.

The phoenix emitted a long cry, instantly setting off in pursuit of the Northern Ocean Clone.

While it was not as swift as the Northern Ocean Clone at the same cultivation level, it was still extremely swift.

“Since you are not answering, do not blame me for being impolite. I will first be capturing you!” The other party said nonchalantly amidst the cry of the phoenix.

While he had been taken unawares by the Extreme Yang Seal initially, he had already stabilised his thoughts now.

A Seeing Divinity Martial Saint would definitely be unable to fully wield the power of a high-grade Sacred Artifact like an Immortal Bridge Martial Saint was able to, much less the mightiest of Sacred Artifacts like the Extreme Yang Seal.

He similarly possessed a high-grade Sacred Artifact. With both of them unable to fully unleash the power of their high-grade Sacred Artifact, it would be sufficient for him to resist the threat of the Extreme Yang Seal.

At the end of the day, he was just a step away from the Immortal Bridge stage.

With the Extreme Yang Seal no real threat, he wanted to see what Yan Zhaoge could still rely on.

Yan Zhaoge did not look back as the other party caught up, simply laughing, “The phoenix is noble and elegant rather than arrogant and domineering.”

They were already a very short distance away from the bottom of the sea.

Yan Zhaoge was even already able to see that ancient, dilapidated palace.

It looked no different from how it had appeared through the Earth Devouring Burner, simply appearing innocuous and dilapidated beyond compare.

It seemed to be perfectly ordinary, just a palace site which had long since fallen into disrepair.

Still, through the Earth Devouring Burner, he had previously witnessed that it possessed unique profundities which fully attracted one’s attention, seeming like it could even suck in one’s soul.

Seeing this palace, the Northern Ocean Clone suddenly flung the Earth Devouring Burner at it.

The small, innocuous-looking black incense burner transformed into a streak of black light, penetrating through the oceanic whirlpools and entering the depths of the sea.

After the Earth Devouring Burner had landed within that palace, the entire surrounding region of sea suddenly turned quiet.

The great sea in which hidden undercurrents had still been surging madly with snakes of electricity dancing frenziedly about earlier suddenly seemed to fall still at this moment.

The next moment, the great sea regained its former look as it was enveloped by the Endless Magnetic Storms.

Yet, black spirit patterns suddenly spread towards the surroundings with that palace as their centre.

A stream of black light spurted upwards with the surrounding Endless Magnetic Storms congregating about that pillar of jet-black light!

Yan Zhaoge and that phoenix were currently in the domain of that jet-black light.

Within the light pillar, the Earth Devouring Burner appeared, reappearing in the Northern Ocean Clone’s hand.

The Northern Ocean Clone shot downwards alongside that stream of light, a vacuum appearing at the centre of that jet-black light pillar which resembled a tunnel as it allowed the Northern Ocean Clone to continue downwards, charging into that palace.

A shocked exclamation resounded from amidst the blazing fire, “You…”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “I what?”’

The phoenix wanted to descend as well, but that vacuum had already disappeared as the violent power contained within that jet-black pillar of light mightily slammed straight into him.

The blessed purple light of fortuitous virtue and the thick earth of meritorious virtue appeared, protecting the phoenix’s entire body.

That dark red treasured light appeared as well, blocking the stream of jet-black light.

A moment later, that jet-black light dissipated completely, an unprecedentedly large vortex appearing at the bottom of the sea with a great amount of seawater spreading to the sides, a vacuum being formed.

At the bottom of the vortex was precisely that dilapidated palace, its walls broken and ruined as it appeared ancient and desolate.

The palace was no longer inconspicuous as it had been before as a strange suction force emanated from within it, causing one to want to plunge into it on their own accord.

Even Kang Ping and the others who were currently locked in battle were drawn by this, inquisitively and surprisedly observing the abnormalities which had suddenly appeared in the depths of the sea.

After a moment’s hesitation, Luo Zhiyuan, Gu Hong and the others who sought to shake off Kang Ping and their other pursuers began moving downwards.

While the situation in the palace was unclear, things could not get any worse than they were now.

Making use of the chaos to shake off the Grand Xuan Dynasty experts was currently most pressing for them.

Yan Zhaoge already having arrived a step ahead of him, that fiery phoenix ignored Luo Zhiyuan and the others now as he emitted a long cry, immediately shooting towards that palace.

The Northern Ocean Clone descended to the bottom of the sea through the tunnel at the centre of the jet-black light pillar.

As that dilapidated palace appeared before Yan Zhaoge, the Earth Devouring Burner which he held pulsed slightly.

Gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw that jet-black light pillar gradually dissipating with that fiery phoenix descending towards the palace as well.

Apart from him, powerful auras were also descending from up above as they should probably be Luo Zhiyuan, Kang Ping and the others.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, immediately turning and walking towards that dilapidated palace.

Still, the instant Yan Zhaoge stepped into that palace, a chill suddenly arose within his heart as it was as though there was a pair of eyes gazing intently at him from up ahead.

Yan Zhaoge frowned. After halting momentarily, he continued striding forward, entering the palace.

The interior of the palace was similarly dilapidated as there were many abstruse runes inscribed on the surface of its architecture as well.

After observing them carefully, Yan Zhaoge felt them to be somewhat related to the demon race.

Yet, it could still be seen that these should have been left behind by human beings, just that the profundities of the demon race had been merged within.

Yan Zhaoge paid greater attention to the fact that while these runes appeared deficient and incomplete, a complete concept was continued within them.

It was just that this concept appeared distorted as well as strange and sinister.

It seemed as though the person who had left the runes behind had intentionally left this place dilapidated, somehow achieving their intended goal through this.

It was like intentionally making something look old in the forging of antiques.

Yan Zhaoge inhaled deeply before continuing deeper into the palace’s interior.

The light of fire quickly appeared outside the palace as a fiery phoenix descended before its gate.

The fiery light was retracted, revealing the figure of a youth whose face was gloomy as he gazed at the palace before him.