Chapter 788: Time For Vengeance To Be Had!

HSSB788: Time for vengeance to be had

Thanks to having clashed with Yan Zhaoge in the vicinity of the blood pool earlier, Zhuang Chaohui had not been caught by the suction force of the black hole as he had instead risen to the surface of the sea alongside part of the wreckage of the palace.

Even so, he had still nearly been chopped down into the depths of the sea by Yan Zhaoge’s sword, hence toppling within the black hole.

Things were much more tragic for Kang Ping and the others who were currently attempting to charge out from the sea and break free of the devouring force of the black hole.

The devouring force of the black hole turned from illusory to tangible, manifesting as black streams of light which resembled numerous chains as they restricted Kang Ping and the others.

The immense force sought to drag them back into the depths of the sea.

Looking over, Yan Zhaoge saw that the likes of Kang Ping, He Dongcheng, Gu Zhang, Luo Zhiyuan and Gu Hong were all present.

Luo Zhiyuan was holding on with great difficulty with the power of the Sun Moon Wheels, the light of the sun wheel enveloping those of the Radiant Light Sect.

As for the Chief of Copper Men Island, Gongsun Wu, it was only with the help of the North Sea Sword Pavilion’s Gu Hong that he had not immediately been devoured by the black hole.

Amongst them, it was undisputedly Kang Ping who was the strongest.

He even possessed the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, as he charged at the forefront now.

Beneath the devouring power of the black hole, even the Time Flowing Sword which usually seemed as swift and ephemeral as the flowing of time had slowed now.

Under such tough circumstances, as Kang Ping raised his head and suddenly spotted Yan Zhaoge, he could not stop his expression from changing slightly.

Yan Zhaoge nodded towards Kang Ping, not wasting time on words as he directly hacked outwards!

Black light flickered about the ancient bronze sword, retracted and agglomerated as it was directed straight at the top of Kang Ping’s head.

Kang Ping clenched his teeth as he helplessly brandished the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword to block Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

Yet, his upward momentum instantly halted with this.

The black hole down below was constantly emitting a terrifying suction force. As soon as Kang Ping relaxed in his upwards struggles, he was caught by it once more, finding it hard to extricate himself.

Having obstructed Kang Ping’s path, Yan Zhaoge gazed over in another direction.

Gu Zhang and He Dongcheng, the two other early Immortal Bridge Martial Saints of Shen Lingzi’s lineage, were currently attempting to break free of the restrictive forces of the black hole as well.

He Dongcheng was slightly faster. Yet, soon after Kang Ping, he immediately received a sword from Yan Zhaoge as well.

Although he attempted to evade it, the sword-intent down below which originated from the same source as the Evil Sword Taotie directly led to more black streams of light entangling him from the black hole down below.

Not possessing the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, He Dongcheng was naturally left in a much more tragic state than Kang Ping.

Not only was his upward momentum halted, he was even immediately dragged downwards by those black streams of light.

After repelling He Dongcheng with a single sword, Yan Zhaoge did not cease in his attacks.

Replacing a sword with his finger, he tapped a major acupoint on the Northern Ocean Clone’s back.

The Northern Ocean Clone brandished the Evil Sword Taotie, sending Gu Zhang down into the deep abyss with a third sword.

No longer having to wield the Extreme Yang Seal and the Evil Sword Taotie at full power, things had become much more relaxed for Yan Zhaoge now.

He only needed to work together in concert with the power of the carcass of the Taotie down below to prevent Kang Ping and the others from escaping, easily leaving it to the black hole deal with them instead.

Yan Zhaoge chuckled as he turned, his gaze falling on Luo Zhiyuan.

Luo Zhiyuan’s face instantly grew black as a pot’s bottom.

Not waiting for him to speak, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “It is time for vengeance to be had.”

As he smiled, Yan Zhaoge did not stand on ceremony in the least as he simply hacked downwards.

Luo Zhiyuan who had originally only been barely holding on with the help of the sun wheel instantly toppled downwards from Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light changed direction, yet had turned gentler and softer as it swept along Gu Hong and the rest.

The black sword-light turned into a black hole as well, emitting a boundless suction force which diminished the threat of the devouring power down below.

Feeling Yan Zhaoge’s goodwill, Gu Hong pondered slightly before simply dissolving his sword-qi.

He was instantly engulfed entirely by the black hole formed of Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light.

Yan Zhaoge retracted his sword, his sword-light flying back over to him and again manifesting as the black hole from which the figures of Gu Hong and the others flew outwards.

Gu Hong and Gongsun Wu as well as the experts of North Sea Sword Pavilion and Copper Men Island alongside them all looked on in a stunned daze at the black hole down below.

Seeing this, Luo Zhiyuan and the other Radiant Light Sect marital practitioners all felt blood rushing up through their throats as they very nearly vomited blood at that mental blow.

Gu Hong, Gongsun Wu and the others were all continuously giving Yan Zhaoge their thanks.

“Little Friend Yan, many thanks to you here. Otherwise, if we had been swept into that black hole…” Gu Hong shook his head at this.

Everyone apart from Kang Ping would only have a fifty-fifty chance of escaping alive from this even without Yan Zhaoge blocking their way.

The Chief of Copper Men Island, ‘Three Dragon Avatar’ Gongsun Wu, cupped his hands towards Yan Zhaoge as well, “It is all thanks to Young Master Yan for your help this time. Otherwise, it would most likely have been calamity rather than fortune. This old man is infinitely grateful.”

He felt somewhat emotional as he looked at Yan Zhaoge.

At one point in time not far back, Yan Zhaoge had seemed to him to just be a talented individual of the junior generation with a mysterious background.

Many had speculated about his background, their entire Copper Man Island believing that he would surely achieve great things in the future.

Still, they had not thought that Yan Zhaoge would be able to make such big waves so soon.

While Yan Zhaoge had previously broke the Heavenly Fire Tribulation Thunder Formation and presented the Grand Xuan Dynasty a defeat without battling, saving the anti-Xuan coalition from their bind, as many people saw it, it was because of fortune and him having borrowed the power of others.

At the very least, to Gongsun Wu who was a late Seeing Divinity Martial Saint, Yan Zhaoge’s personal strength had still appeared comparatively insignificant.

Purely in terms of martial arts alone, he had still looked down upon Yan Zhaoge as a senior expert.

Yet, within such a short period of time and by such a terrifying extent, this young man had actually already grown this much?

Gongsun Wu had witnessed Yan Zhaoge joining hands with the Northern Ocean Clone as he wielded the Evil Sword Taotie in battle, his heart feeling somewhat solemn at this.

Without him having the time to properly register it, Yan Zhaoge had already become this powerful all of a sudden.

Looking at Luo Zhiyuan and the others who were being beaten downwards down below, he secretly rejoiced at the fact that his Copper Men Island had no enmity with Yan Zhaoge.

Prior to this, they had always been standing united against the Grand Xuan Dynasty together with no major tensions existing between them.

Looking at the struggling people of the Radiant Light Sect, Gongsun Wu’s lips twitched. Still, he said not a thing in the end.

Gu Hong had also intended to plead on their behalf. Still, remembering how Luo Zhiyuan had sold out the location of the wound of the sky that led to the Eight Extremities World to the Grand Xuan Dynasty when the Sun Moon Peak had fallen, he simply sighed in the end, keeping his mouth shut.

He instead looked at Yan Zhaoge rather worriedly, not knowing whether this youth already knew about the situation over at the wound of the sky, considering how he should bring this matter up.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was leisurely as after helping Gu Hong and the others to escape, his sword-light spun, hacking towards Kang Ping once more.

His upward momentum already having been stopped by that first sword, Kang Ping’s figure finally plummeted irrepressibly as he blocked another sword now.

Yan Zhaoge went round after round, his sword consecutively hacking towards Kang Ping, then He Doncheng, then Gu Zhang, then Luo Zhiyuan’s group, causing them to sink downwards non-stop.

Kang Ping and the others roared furiously in unison, yet could do nothing about it at all as they helplessly fell into the deep abyss.

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, chortling, “Feels a bit like whack-a-mole.”