Chapter 798: Golden Court Mountain, Southeastern Exalt

HSSB798: Golden Court Mountain, Southeastern Exalt

As they approached Golden Court Mountain, even before having arrived, the world seemed to light up before the eyes of Yan Zhaoge and the others.

While it should currently be the middle of the day, Golden Court Mountain seemed to be enveloped by a layer of night.

It was just that it did not appear dim beneath the layer of night. On the contrary, it looked dazzlingly bright as streams of starlight rained down upon them.

In the World beyond Worlds, the difference between day and night was less evident as starlight often flickered in the surroundings, seeming as if they were exceptionally close to the Milky Way.

Looking at Golden Court Mountain, such a feeling was exceptionally intense.

Streams of starlight flickered unceasingly before their eyes as though this was a divine realm.

Gazing at the streams of starlight that streaked across the horizon in a profound rhythmic manner, a pondering expression appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face.

“I think I may know what type of martial art the Southeastern Exalt cultivates in,” Yan Zhaoge told Yan Di, Feng Yunsheng and the others via sound transmission.

Yan Zhaoge had seldom seen the Southeastern Exalt’s disciples in battle up till now. Even when he did, it would only be a fleeting, indistinct glimpse.

Now, however, looking at Golden Court Mountain, Yan Zhaoge could guess, “The Southeastern Exalt has always been renowned for his prowess in the dao of the sword and the dao of alchemy.”

Yan Di pondered for a moment before asking, “Are you referring to the legacy of the Purple Osmund Emperor?”

“The Lord of the myriad stars, the number one figure in the dao of the sword in pre-Great Calamity times and one of the Four Imperials of Daoism,” Yan Zhaoge murmured, “While we cannot know if theirs is the complete direct lineage, it should be a related legacy and martial art at the very least.”

The Flame Devil Emperor, Thunder Emperor and Dim Radiant Emperor of post-Great Calamity times were all peak experts with the title of emperor. Still, their titles consisted of merely these few words.

Meanwhile, the Purple Osmund Emperor’s full title was the Heaven Reigning Purple Osmund Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor.

He was hailed as the Lord of the myriad stars and a Grandmaster of myriad phenomena as one of the Four Imperials who stood at the very peak of Daoism, the Earth Queen also being one of them.

At the same time, he was publicly acclaimed as the numero uno in the dao of the sword in pre-Great Calamity times.

Common sense would not apply to the ancestors of the Three Purities. Them aside, there had also been many other mighty experts who cultivated in the dao of the sword ever since ancient times.

There were generally three of them ultimately acclaimed as the bigwigs of the dao of the sword.

A personal disciple of the Jade Clear Ancestor, the Lord of Primordial Beginning- Cultivated Deity Jade Cauldron.

A disciple of the Prime Clear Ancestor, the Lord of Numinous Treasure-Daoist Plentiful Treasure, also known as the Lord of Plentiful Treasure.

The third one was the Heaven Reigning Purple Osmund Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor of the Four Imperials.

Apart from them, there were the Lord of Broad Accomplishment, the Lord of the Daoist Way, Master Red Essence, Master Amidst Clouds, Turtle Spirit Divine Mother and the Incongruence Divine Mother who were all experts of the sword as well.

Of these, Cultivated Deity Jade Cauldron and the Lord of Plentiful Treasure were both mighty experts back from the investiture of the gods in days long past. They had seldom been seen afterwards, their whereabouts being a mystery to all future descendants.

It was the same for the Lord of Broad Accomplishment and some others as well.

As for the Purple Osmund Emperor, he had still been active when the Heavenly Court had ruled the heavens and the earth prior to the descent of the Great Calamity.

Therefore, everyone was used to hailing the Purple Osmund Emperor as the number one expert of the dao of the sword in pre-Great Calamity times.

It was just that no further news of him had been heard following the descent of the Great Calamity.

Seeing the appearance of Golden Court Mountain before him, Yan Zhaoge would naturally come to think of this.

Even though many legacies and information had been discontinued as a result of the Great Calamity, Yan Di and the others had heard of the Purple Osmund Emperor before as well.

Therefore, just a slight mention from Yan Zhaoge was enough for Yan Di to catch his train of thought.

Arriving at the foot of Golden Court Mountain, Chen Zhiliang smiled, saying to Yan Zhaoge’s group, “Please follow me, everyone. Master has said that there is no need to announce your arrival. After arriving here, you can simply ascend the mountain straightaway.”

Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and the others all nodded, “The Southeastern Exalt is polite.”

As they entered Golden Court Mountain, it was as though they were wandering amidst starlight.

“Speaking of this, Golden Court Mountain is still somewhat particular. It is just unknown how this Golden Court Mountain compares to that Golden Court Mountain,” Yan Zhaoge suddenly smiled.

He blinked towards Yan Di, Feng Yunsheng, Ah Hu and Xiao Ai, “During the investiture of the gods way back in the ancient past, Golden Court Mountain with its Jade Abode Cave was the dao arena belonging to the personal disciple of the Lord of Primordial Beginning, the Lord of the Daoist Way.”

“The Lord of the Daoist Way had a supreme treasure known as the Five Fires Seven Fowl Fan. The supreme martial arts of the Grand Xuan Dynasty, the Five Fire True Arts and the Seven Fowl Treasured Spear, were both gained from projecting the concept of this treasure.”

Yan Zhaoge chuckled, “The decision to dispatch King Xuanwen over to the Royal Reed Sea of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory more or less existed as an indication of goodwill somewhat.”

While the Southeastern Exalt’s martial arts had nothing to do with those of the Lord of the Daoist Way, having set up residence at Golden Court Mountain, there would inevitably be an inscrutable feeling of closeness that he felt regarding him.

The higher one’s cultivation base, the more such major figures usually paid attention to such things.

“Still, I am more interested in the fact that in the legend of the investiture of the gods, it was none other than the Lord of the Daoist Way who wrested away the Immortal Ending Sword of the Prime Clear lineage.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, the hint of a smile appearing at the corners of his mouth.

Hearing his words, Feng Yunsheng and the others exchanged looks.

Having already heard of the Earthly Sovereign’s decree that descendants of the Prime Clear lineage were not allowed to set foot in the World beyond Worlds as well as Lin Hanhua’s matter, Yan Di too could not help but raise his brows slightly, “This really seems too much to be a coincidence. Could it be that the Southeastern Exalt…?”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged. From what he knew, the Numinous Treasure Four Swords of the Jade Clear lineage had already been lost before the time of the Great Calamity.

The Immortal Ending Sword Scripture that Lin Hanhua cultivated in was most likely of the Prime Clear lineage.

Yet, it was likely not a coincidence that Lin Hanhua had become a disciple of the Southeastern Exalt. As he had thought earlier, there should be a tacit understanding therein which outsiders would not know about.

At the top of Golden Court Mountain’s main peak sat rows of palaces.

Starlight descended from the sky in an endless stream, congregating amongst the palaces and illuminating them such that they were glowing brightly all over.

The radiance was not piercing, instead being very comfortable. Yet, the momentous force behind it was heavy as it virtually gave one the feeling of suffocation.

Chen Zhiliang made arrangements for Ah Hu and Xiao Ai to wait outside as Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di and Feng Yunsheng were allowed to enter the main palace.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng exchanged glances, knowing that the latter had most likely been allowed to enter due to the Extreme Yin Crown and the Cold Sun Divine Sabre.

The interior of the great hall was grand and beautiful. Yet, raising their heads and looking upwards, the ceiling was completely pitch black as infinite starlight flickered there.

Stars densely dotted the ceiling, resembling a massive star diagram which enveloped high up above.

A purple-clothed man stood within the great hall, seemingly standing at the exact centre of the sea of stars as he guided them in their ceaseless illumination.

It was rather hard to determine that man’s age from his appearance at first glance. His gaze shone like bright stars of the night sky whilst also like icy-cold sword-light.

Seeing the trio, he said, “Broad Creed Mountain was the East Peak of Daoism in pre-Great Calamity times, being acclaimed alongside Kunlun Mountain. Now that it can be re-established, such can be considered a cause for celebration.”

Yan Di cupped his hands, “I thank the Southeastern Exalt for your auspicious words.”

This purple-clothed man before them was the current monarch of the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory and the master of Golden Court Mountain, the Southeastern Exalt Cao Jie.

His earlier words had exhibited that he had no intention of stopping Broad Creed Mountain from moving to the World beyond Worlds and accepting disciples there.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Due to the pressing nature of things, I often acted without thinking too much in the Royal Reed Sea before this. I hope that the Southeastern Exalt can understand.”

Cao Jie shook his head, seemingly unconcerned as he asked suddenly, “Is Ancestor Hei still alive?”