Chapter 795: Preparations For Broad Creed Mountain

HSSB795: Preparations for Broad Creed Mountain

Next to Yan Di stood a young, white-clothed girl. She was none other than Xiao Ai.

Seeing the Myriad Dragon Palace appear in the distant horizon, Xiao Ai instantly exclaimed excitedly, “Lord, Lord, Young Master and the others are back!”

Yan Di’s vision was far stronger than hers as he had already long since seen them. Still, he smiled and nodded, “That’s right.”

Seeing Yan Di, Yan Zhaoge immediately smiled, “The Extreme Yin Crown is ours.”

“Oh?” Yan Di’s eyes lit up as he looked at Feng Yunsheng who smiled, nodding.

Yan Zhaoge recounted the events that had occurred in the underwater palace.

After hearing of those events, Yan Di clicked his tongue and sighed in wonder.

The Radiant Light Sect had fallen to the Grand Xuan Dynasty, its remaining experts as led by Luo Zhiyuan having all been trapped in the depths of the sea at the Clear Scenic Region afterwards.

The four peak experts of the Grand Xuan Dynasty who consisted of their three Immortal Bridge Martial Saints Kang Ping, He Dongcheng and Gu Zhang as well as King Xuanmu who bore the high-grade Sacred Artifact, the King Xuan Spear, had all been effectively lost following that major battle.

Kang Ping’s trio remained trapped by the underwater black hole. While they were still alive, they would not be able to extricate themselves for a few years at least.

Even the formations expert Qi Wei who could exert a powerful force under unique circumstances had been personally slain by Yan Zhaoge in the depths of the sea.

The dark clouds that had previously hung above Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain seemed to have dissipated virtually overnight.

Kang Ping and the others might still appear in the Royal Reed Sea. Yet, Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain would have much more time to build up their preparations and stand ready against them.

They had also profited immensely in the form of two great high-grade Sacred Artifacts, the Extreme Yin Crown and the Evil Sword Taotie.

“We just need to raise our vigilance regarding the Southeastern Exalt’s matter. With the phoenix bone having appeared, he will inevitably pay more attention to things here. More experts will be coming to the Royal Reed Sea.”

Yan Di said, “The most important thing for us to do now is to digest these gains, making use of this chance to improve ourselves in preparation for the future.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right. The Grand Xuan Dynasty still has numerous experts. If they simply maintain the defensive, they should still have enough strength left to battle.”

“We do not have to waste time trying to compete with them now. Victory and defeat will only truly be decided after Kang Ping and the others have extricated themselves from the Clear Scenic Region.”

“Before that happens, we merely have to ensure that we can stand steadfast in the World beyond Worlds. While the Grand Xuan Dynasty still has experts like their four Lord Protectors, without any high-grade Sacred Artifacts and without Kang Ping, they would not dare to act recklessly against us.”

The North Sea Sword Pavilion’s Gu Hong was currently the sole local Immortal Bridge Martial Saint in the Royal Reed Sea.

With the Grand Xuan Dynasty having lost the Grand Xuan Spear and Kang Ping’s trio now trapped at the depths of the sea, Gu Hong had instantly risen as a major deterring force of the Royal Reed Sea.

A hint of a smile appeared on Yan Di’s face, “When in the Clear Scenic Region this time, not only did you deepen your ties with the Southeastern Exalt, you even managed to get the North Sea Sword Pavilion and Copper Men Island to owe you big favours. Such intangible gains are no inferior to tangible ones like the Extreme Yin Crown in the least.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Without the Grand Xuan Dynasty and the Radiant Light Sect’s interference, with the assistance of North Sea Sword Pavilion and Copper Men Island, our clan has basically gained a stable foothold for our future development in the Royal Reed Sea of the World beyond Worlds.”

“Those of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory have Golden Court Mountain and the Southeastern Exalt’s lineage to consider. Thus, the sole people we must consider are actually those peak experts like the Star Plucking Practitioner Guan Lide who are active in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory. We will have to make sure to be careful lest they feel greed for our treasures.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged as he said this.

He had become too wealthy, with the cultivation bases of everyone at Broad Creed Mountain correspondingly seeming a little insufficient as a result.

Actually, they were not weak. Still, they just seemed clearly unable to match the likes of supreme treasures like the Extreme Yang Seal, Extreme Yin Crown, King Xuan Spear and Evil Sword Taotie.

Even Yan Zhaoge rather felt that the Southeastern Exalt and his lineage were really upright people since they had not intended to kill him and steal his treasures.

As for the origins of the Extreme Yin Crown and the Extreme Yang Seal, while many would feel wary of them, there would surely be some who chose to take that risk.

Martial practitioners were generally all extremely bold individuals.

As compared to people who were filled with reservations and hesitated for very long, they actually subscribed more to doing something first and thinking about it later.

There was nowhere that fugitives did not exist.

Moreover, from the information that Yan Zhaoge currently grasped, he did not feel that the Exalted Solar Luminary or the Exalted Lunar Luminary would be stepping forward to support him.

After others had seen through this, they might lunge forward like a pack of ravenous hyenas.

Broad Creed Mountain needed to work hard to increase its strength before then.

At that time, if someone truly came knocking, a pleasant surprise would be in store for them.

“Right, speaking of this, having wrecked the Grand Xuan Dynasty’s plans, will that major figure behind them send more people to the Royal Reed Sea? After all, Kang Ping and the others will remain trapped in the Clear Scenic Region for a few years.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “This is something that we should properly think about as well.”

Yan Di shook his head, “Even if they come, they will only be able to keep a low profile as they plan for the Heaven Bearing Efficate Formation. Their arms and legs will be tied with them unable to stir up anything new and come to find trouble with us.”

Yan Zhaoge made an affirmative noise, “That’s right. The Southeastern Exalt would probably be unable to suppress his fury any longer otherwise.”

He looked at Yan Di, “You should come to Golden Court Mountain with me.”

Broad Creed Mountain needed to notify Golden Court Mountain regarding establishing themselves in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory.

Lin Hanhua and Mu Jun could not make this decision on their own, the Southeastern Exalt’s personal permission being necessary here.

While Yan Zhaoge had caused major disturbances in the Royal Reed Sea, Yan Di was the actual Chief of Broad Creed Mountain. Since he had already come to the World beyond Worlds, he should really be going to meet the Southeastern Exalt personally for this.

“Right, I will go to Golden Court Mountain with you,” Yan Di nodded slowly, “We will have to trouble Master to continue standing guard over the Eight Extremities World for some time longer.”

The situation in the Royal Reed Sea had already stabilised, with it being unlikely for some major foe to pass through the wound of the sky and threaten the Eight Extremities World.

Even if that did happen, Yuan Zhengfeng should be able to handle it.

Therefore, Yan Di already no longer needed to stand guard by the entrance to the wound of the sky.

Glancing at Xiao Ai, Yan Zhaoge smiled, “After going to Golden Court Mountain, we can search for mother’s whereabouts for a bit.”

The smile on Yan Di’s face grew though he shook his head, “Let’s see how things go. We actually don’t have all that much time.”

“While we have still yet to meet the Southeastern Exalt, I think that he will agree to our request just based on the matter of the phoenix bone,” Yan Zhaoge said, “Establishing our headquarters here is no minor matter. There are many preparations that will have to be made.”

“As we head to Golden Court Mountain, we will also need people to begin with the preparations here, constructing the basic framework for things.”

Yan Di said, “The others of our clan are still in the Eight Extremities World and the Vast Ocean World. Each time your fan is used, it has to recover for a long time as it is comparable to a one-way trip.”

Yan Zhaoge took out Qi Wei’s Shadow Shrinking Pouch, smiling, “There are many things of various aspects that I have gained this time, although their previous owner might not have known that they could come to serve such a use.”