Chapter 796: The Monks Can Run But Not The Temple

HSSB796: The monks can run but not the temple

There was much that Yan Zhaoge had gained from Qi Wei’s Shadow Shrinking Pouch.

There were many different kinds of things stored inside it which were sorted out neatly.

They were generally classified according to what materials could construct what formation.

With this, he would be able to set up the formation he had in mind in the shortest time possible, using it to deal with his enemy.

After examining them for a moment, Yan Zhaoge discovered that some seemingly unrelated things could be of great use when put together.

While Yan Zhaoge did not cultivate in the Spatial Heavenly Scripture, having spent all that time in the wound of the sky of the Phoenix Bearing Region back then, he had gained a deeper understanding of it as a result.

Over this period of time, Yan Zhaoge had already begun trying to forge his own treasures that could protect martial practitioners who had yet to reach the Seeing Divinity Martial Saint realm in moving between the World beyond Worlds and the lower worlds via wounds of the sky.

He had made great progress in this, just that he had still lacked sufficient materials for such.

In seizing Qi Wei’s Shadow Shrinking Pouch this time, he had found some suitable materials inside.

Yan Zhaoge immediately began guiding the Northern Ocean Clone in the forging process.

Watching on from the side, Yan Di clicked his tongue in wonder. He asked about the technique from Yan Zhaoge before beginning to attempt it himself as well.

Some time later, jade pendants that seemed ordinary yet harboured intricate profundities were in their possession.

Yan Zhaoge had personally come up with the unprecedented name of ‘Heavenly Connection Jade’ which he thus unabashedly bestowed upon these pendants.

These were still limited in number due to their lack of resources. Still, Yan Zhaoge intended to buy some more required materials when out on his travels this time.

“You had best not suppress your cultivation base lest it clashes with your sabre-intent,” Yan Zhaoge said.

Yan Di nodded in agreement.

Yan Zhaoge’s Northern Ocean Clone held the Heavenly Connection Jade as he walked to the wound of the sky before him.

“Master will have to continue guarding over the Eight Extremities World a little longer,” Yan Di said, “Still, second apprentice-brother is a good fit for this role. He can assist me in handling official affairs while also performing cultivation in this more conducive environment.”

“The injuries he suffered in the Earth Domain wasted quite a bit of his time and were very damaging to his vitality as well.”

Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s true.”

He looked at Yan Di, “Second apprentice-uncle is still a Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmaster now?”

Yan Di nodded, “That’s right. With his previous injuries, the Heaven Returning Divine Pill could only ensure that his wounds did not recur. His cultivation afterwards still ended up severely impacted.”

It was all thanks to Yuan Zhengfeng returning from the Floating Gate World with the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture that Fang Zhun had been able to make a full recovery.

While he was able to resume his progress now, Fang Zhun had wasted a few years of cultivation.

Still, it was difficult to progress from the peak of the Martial Grandmaster realm in the first place, this being a heavenly gulf that most people were unable to surpass throughout their entire lives.

People like Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were still in the minority at the end of the day.

The Transcending Mortality Martial Grandmasters and Martial Saints in the Eight Extremities World virtually all had the experience of being stuck at that bottleneck for over ten or even tens of years.

With Fang Zhun’s talent, that had actually been time that he could still afford to waste.

Still, with the gap between him and Yan Di only having grown, he would inevitably be feeling rather helpless at that.

“Second apprentice-uncle possesses a strong will. While he may walk a little extreme at times, as long as he tides through this, he will definitely soar into the heavens after this,” Yan Zhaoge said.

With the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Heart’s Will Thunder Incantation, Broad Creed Mountain’s overall martial arts proficiency had advanced to a higher level.

The more outstanding one was, such as Yan Di and Fang Zhun, the more they would benefit from it.

Arriving in the World beyond Worlds where the spiritual qi was more abundant and the environment more ideal, their path would become much smoother as compared to in the Eight Extremities World.

Yan Di said, “Actually, with both the Life Creation Heavenly Scripture and the Heart’s Will Thunder Incantation, considering second apprentice-brother’s powers of comprehension, he should be able to give Transcending Mortality and entering Sainthood a shot very soon.”

“What he needs most now is actually hard work and secluded cultivation. Asking him so urgently to come up has benefits whilst also detriments, it seems. However, he is the most suitable candidate.”

Yan Di sighed, “I will have to trouble second apprentice-brother to help me out for a bit. After seeing the Southeastern Exalt, I will return to the Royal Reed Sea. That way, second apprentice-brother will be able to peacefully cultivate in the superior environment of the World beyond Worlds, striving for an earlier breakthrough.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Searching for Chuqing’s whereabouts must primarily fall to you over this period of time.”

Yan Zhaoge inwardly drew back the corners of his mouth.

He believed that Yan Di was even more desperate to locate Xue Chuqing than he was, yearning even more for the day of their reunion.

It was just that as Broad Creed Mountain’s current Chief, he had responsibilities of his own as private matters would often have to be placed at a lower priority.

Speaking of this, whether it was his tough and stern eldest apprentice-uncle Shi Tie, his second apprentice-uncle Fang Zhun who was amiable on the outside and tough inside, or Yan Di who seemed domineering and sharp, all of them were the same in this regard.

This could originate from the teachings and nurturing of his Grand Master, Yuan Zhengfeng.

“I will definitely notify you immediately if I find anything about her,” Yan Zhaoge promised.

Yan Di nodded before saying, “Second apprentice-brother aside, senior apprentice-sister Fu has been overseeing things in the Vast Ocean World. Have senior apprentice-aunt He or senior apprentice-uncle Zhang replace her and invite her up to the World beyond Worlds.”

“Of our disciples of the younger generation, have all the most outstanding ones come to the World beyond Worlds. The environment here is much better than that in the Eight Extremities World and the Vast Ocean World; the earlier they come the better.”

“After coming to the World beyond Worlds, our Broad Creed Mountain must naturally take in new disciples. Still, our initial foundation must still be formed of our original disciples.”

The disciples from the Eight Extremities World would undoubtedly feel a great sense of belonging towards Broad Creed Mountain, being extremely proud to be part of their group.

Yan Di said, “As time passes, we should gradually switch to rearing only our secondary talent in the Eight Extremities World. Since we have decided to establish ourselves in the World beyond Worlds, we must definitely gain stable footing here.”

Yan Zhaoge noted down all of this which would thereafter be conveyed to those of Broad Creed Mountain by his Northern Ocean Clone.

After the Northern Ocean Clone had suppressed his cultivation base and descended this time, Yan Zhaoge had also specifically prepared him a dimensional traversing technique as an alternative to the Lofty Prestige Mirror that would make it convenient for him to head to the Vast Ocean World.

The Northern Ocean Clone met with Yuan Zhengfeng and the others back at Broad Creed Mountain in the Eight Extremities World, narrating the events that had transpired and their current situation.

Hearing his words, those of Broad Creed Mountain were all overjoyed.

Yuan Zhengfeng waved a hand, Fang Zhun becoming the first to use the Heavenly Connection Jade as he headed to the World beyond Worlds.

The Northern Ocean Clone brought along the Grand Elder Zhang Kun and a number of the younger disciples in heading to the Vast Ocean World.

The Northern Ocean Clone met with Fu Enshu and the rest there, after which they all headed to the World beyond Worlds together via the wound of the sky in the Phoenix Bearing Region.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di saw the wound of the sky shake before a middle-aged man walked out from within.

Seeing Fang Zhun with his three-inch beard and that warm, refined air about him, Yan Zhaoge felt greatly emotional, “Second apprentice-uncle, how have you been?”

Fang Zhun smiled, “You will not be up here alone after this. The monks can run but not the temple. When traversing the outside world, it may not be as comfortable as it is now as the other side may come seeking revenge here.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed loudly, “That is why we of my generation have to be more powerful!”