Chapter 302: All Of You Must Die!

HSSB302: All of you must die!

Yan Zhaoge carried the coffin of ice on his shoulder, as he proceeded forward.

Above his head, the Clear Qi Grand Formation circulated vigorously; its, grand, endless power descending and bolstering him.

Yan Zhaoge closed his fingers together, palm forming a sabre, hacking downwards.

As radiance flickered, countless spirit talismans agglomerated to form a massive formation, resembling a condensed version of the Clear Qi Grand Formation.

The grand formation became the blade of the sabre, sweeping across domineeringly as he progressed forward, slaying a great amount of Decimating Abyss martial practitioners!

A crevice opened in the foreign dimension overhead, a terrifying air of destruction leaking out from within.

Raising his head and gazing into the horizon, Yan Zhaoge raised his left hand, spreading his fingers apart, palm directly facing the sky above Broad Creed Mountain.

The next moment, Yan Zhaoge’s fingers furled as he clenched his hand into a fist.

Accompanied by this clenching motion, the Clear Qi Grand Formation within the sky circulated mightily, countless spirit patterns transforming into mists of light, traversing the horizon.

The mists of light intermingled, forming the shape of a net, unceasingly covering that foreign dimension. Their radiance was gradually extinguished, but the foreign dimension grew stable once more.

The space that had been shaking and distorting earlier gradually regained its former calm, becoming transparent and formless once more, hard for people to detect any anomalies.

Yan Zhaoge lowered his head once more, looking coldly at the Decimating Abyss martial practitioners on Broad Creed Mountain.

His upraised left hand slammed down heavily.

As the Clear Qi Grand Formation circulated above, streaks of white light descended one after another, breaking through the horizon, resembling lightning, also resembling divine punishment!

One after another, under the incredibly terrifying bombardment of the Clear Qi Grand Formation, martial practitioners of the Decimating Abyss fell like leaves.

Yan Zhaoge did not halt in his footsteps, carrying the ice coffin alongside Xu Fei and Ying Longtu, progressing along the great road formed of spirit patterns, finally arriving before the clan.

Escorting the soul all the way, they arrived on the main peak, the Heaven Rising Peak.

Yan Zhaoge slammed out with his palm, yet another two Decimating Abyss Martial Grandmasters shattered into smithereens.

Placing the ice coffin containing Shi Tie’s body on the ground of the peak, Yan Zhaoge looked at Shi Tie’s face, sucking in a deep breath as he rose into the air.

Bolstered by the power of the Clear Qi Grand Formation, Yan Zhaoge successfully broke through the bounds of space, entering the foreign dimension.

Within the foreign dimension, after having experienced a long, heated battle, Yan Di, Yuan Tian and Xin Dongping were all not looking good, all of them having suffered injuries.

Yan Zhaoge stared at that former senior of his clan, “Xin! Dong! Ping!”

He extended his palm, striking out with the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm.

In the surrounding heavens and earth of the foreign dimension, a great amount of flickering spirit patterns appeared, before also taking on the form of a massive palm.

This palm’s movements were completely in sync with Yan Zhaoge’s, the massive heaven-covering hand mightily pressuring down on Xin Dongping!

The heavens and earth within this foreign dimension truly seemed to overturn at this moment.

As Yan Zhaoge’s figure appeared within the foreign dimension, Xin Dongping instantly let out a long sigh towards the heavens.

His gaze fell on Yan Zhaoge’s left eye, where Yan Zhaoge’s left pupil shone with a white light, three dots of golden light shining within.

Xin Dongping said, “It was this unique technique that allowed you to regain control of the Clear Qi Grand Formation?”

He too raised his palm, similarly striking out with a Heavenly Broad Creed Palm.

The two palms met, the very space shuddering, the lines between the heavens and the earth blurring, seemingly overturning unceasingly.

As Yan Zhaoge struck out with his palm towards Xin Dongping, he punched out towards his father Yan Di with his other hand.

As Yan Zhaoge’s fist landed, the grand, infinite power of the Clear Qi Grand Formation as borrowed from the heavens and the earth was greatly infused into Yan Di’s body.

Divine light shot out of Yan Di’s eyes, the aura of the Clear Qi Robe also skyrocketing alongside his.

Countless streams of clear qi dispersed into the surroundings, gradually re-establishing a connection with the Clear Qi Grand Formation that formed this foreign space.

Yan Di brandished his sabre, an incomparably fierce sabre-intent sweeping out towards the Devil Saint Yuan Tian!

As father and son combined their powers, Yan Zhaoge stared at Xin Dongping, roaring furiously as it resembled the roars of tigers and dragons.

The terrifying volcano seemed to completely erupt at this moment!

Amidst Yan Zhaoge’s long roar, the Heavenly Broad Creed Palm abruptly changed.

The Xin Dongping who was facing this directly had the most direct feel of this.

It was no longer a power to overturn the heavens and the earth, but that even the heavens and earth no longer existed!

The world seemed to return to before the heavens and earth had been established, when all had still been a state of chaos.

No yin, no yang, no before, no after, no beginning, no end, no movement, no stability.

The next moment, chaos exploded mightily!

It was like all things belonged to chaos, and then chaos was extinguished, the universe opening once more!

The next moment, an abnormal change happened in the entire Clear Qi Grand Formation, as though the establishment of the heavens and the earth in ancient times was playing out once more!

This massive, incomparably majestic force domineeringly broke through Xin Dongping’s Heavenly Broad Creed Palm!

Xin Dongping seemed stunned as sword-light flickered within his other hand, a Limitless Heavenly Sword travelling amidst the heavens and the earth, shooting straight towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge exhaled, his hands extending forward together, before he clapped out.

Within the foreign dimension, countless flickering spirit patterns transformed into two massive palms, following Yan Zhaoge’s movements as they also converged on each other, instantly trapping Xin Dongping’s sword-light.

Yan Zhaoge looked coldly at Xin Dongping, that terrifying concept of chaos and explosions appearing once more.

The violent, direct force shattered Xin Dongping’s Limitless Heavenly Sword!

Xin Dongping’s brows were knit tightly as he retreated, no longer forcibly facing Yan Zhaoge and the Clear Qi Grand Formation head-on, instead wanting to join up with the Devil Saint Yuan Tian.

There, Yuan Tian was currently also being sent into retreat by Yan Di’s descending sabre.

Sucking in a deep breath, Yan Zhaoge pushed horizontally forward within his palms!

Infinite waves raged, pressuring towards Xin Dongping and the Devil Saint Yuan Tian with a momentum that surged to the heavens!

At the same time, Yan Di struck out with his sabre, splitting the heavens and the earth, breaking through even space itself, also attacking towards Xin Dongping and Yuan Tian!

The palm-intent and the sabre-intent combined, raging waves that surged to the heavens directly consuming Xin Dongping and Yuan Tian!

The majestic sword-light and the ethereal air of impermanence in the area were completely extinguished!

Yan Zhaoge’s palm descended, the Clear Qi Grand Formation not ceasing in its circulation, the shocking explosive force of grand explosive chaos domineeringly shattering one of Xin Dongping’s arms!

On the other side, Yan Di struck out viciously with his sabre, the spirit artifact whip within Yuan Tian’s hands shattering, as a bloodied wound was also left between his chest and stomach.

If he had not retreated in time, a hole would have directly been cut through his body.

As Xin Dongping and Yuan Tian retreated hurriedly, Yan Zhaoge changed his palm stance, his hands closing in on each other as the entire foreign dimension pressured down towards the two.

At this moment, the foreign dimension actually began to shrink, the grand, infinite force suppressing whilst also imprisoning Xin Dongping’s and Yuan Tian’s bodies.

Yan Di brandished his sabre, dots of black and yellow light on the Clear Qi Robe greatly boosting his Heavenly Dragon Sabre, also surrounded by countless streams of clear qi.

A fierce, domineering sabre descended, pressuring till Xin Dongping and Yuan Tian were unable to move, only able to combine their forces, using their full strength to stand against this.

Xin Dongping, his cultivation base lower, was already beginning to be damaged by that cold, sharp sabre-intent!

Yan Zhaoge’s hands, closing in on each other, abruptly met!

The Clear Qi Grand Formation suddenly circulated in reverse!

Amidst this sudden, intense reversal, a shocking force was born, distorting as it seemed able to rip a full corner out of the Eight Extremities World!

Xin Dongping and Yuan Tian both let out tragic groans.

The wound at Yuan Tian’s chest abruptly expanded, seemingly about to cause him to split entirely apart!

The body of a Martial Saint-how sturdy it was, how powerful it was. But at this moment, it was on the brink of collapse!

On the other side, it was even worse for Xin Dongping, his Limitless Heavenly Avatar completely shattering, his entire body erupting in a rain of blood!

His entire person seemed about to be crushed into meat paste!

Resolute looks appeared in the eyes of Xin Dongping and Yuan Tian.

With a low shout, a great amount of black devilish qi began to appear from within their bodies.

Their pupils began yellowing, a bloodred light simultaneously shooting out from within!

“Devil?” Yan Zhaoge laughed brutally, his killing intent surging to the heavens, “I’ll see you turn into devils!”

His Shadow Shrinking Pouch opening, a bow and three arrows suddenly appeared within Yan Zhaoge’s hands!