Chapter 319: A Pressing Goal

HSSB319: A pressing goal

Yan Zhaoge attended the entire viewing ceremony, Xu Fei and Ying Longtu just by his side.

The two direct disciples of Broad Creed Mountain had removed the black-bordered blue robes they usually wore, only white clothes remaining, along with white sashes tied around their foreheads.

Han Long’er was choking on his tears unceasingly, not being able to rein them in.

Unlike the time when his parents had died, the current him could already comprehend the meaning of death, understanding that yet another of the people he was close to had left him forever.

Xu Fei’s great frame resembled a stone statue as he hugged Han Long’er’s shoulder.

He was expressionless, his tiger-like eyes reddened, not stopping Han Long’er’s weeping as he just tightly held onto his junior apprentice-brother, providing him with support.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Xu Fei, “Senior apprentice-brother Xu…”

Xu Fei sucked in a deep breath, shaking his head, “Relax, I’m fine.”

Yan Zhaoge spoke no more, looking silently at his father sending his eldest apprentice-uncle Shi Tie off for the final time.

At the end of the burial ceremony, under Yan Di’s control, the spatial passage leading to the Heavenly Life Lake began to close once more.

The expressions of Yan Zhaoge and the other Broad Creed Mountain disciples were solemn as they bowed solemnly towards the Heavenly Life Lake, vanishing gradually before them.

Song Chao and the people from the other powers who had come to view the ceremony also all half-bowed.

After the burial ceremony had ended, Song Chao came before Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei, sighing, “My condolences.”

Yan Zhaoge and Xu Fei nodded, the former then asking softly as he looked at Song Chao, “City Lord Song has entrusted Senior Brother with words to bring over here?”

“In view of our clan being in mourning, Senior Brother has not mentioned it up to now, and this Yan acknowledges this. While there is still some followup that has yet to come, the burial ceremony can basically be considered over. If Senior Brother Song has something, you can speak directly on it now. If you wish to meet my father or Grand Master, I can also help you to communicate your intentions.”

The pain within their hearts would not dissipate so quickly, and their anger towards their enemies would only accumulate and grow unceasingly.

However, the dead were already gone, and the living had to look forward. Not forgetting about those who had perished did not mean being unable to extricate themselves from those negative emotions.

Some matters that had already come before their eyes still had to be calmly taken care of in a timely manner.

Striving forward strongly, in order not to lose even more.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Song Chao hesitated no longer, nodding candidly, yet shaking his head immediately after, “It is a private matter of mine, indeed requiring Junior Brother Yan’s help. It is not extremely important, just that it seemed a little inappropriate to speak of it before the ceremony.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Since that is so, Senior Brother Song should just speak directly then.”

Song Chao said, “It’s like this. Having cleaned up your household, exterminating the Abyss Lord Xin Dongping, I wonder if your clan has gained anything in terms of resources?”

“I am referring to special products of the Earth Domain that are usually very hard to gather.”

Yan Zhaoge asked rather curiously, “What is it that Senior Brother Song wants?”

Song Chao explained, “It is something known as the Unfalling Ghost Rock, being a special spirit rock of the Earth Domain, not found elsewhere, only produced in small amounts there.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and considered. From his memories, there had really been something like this amongst Xin Dongping’s private possessions.

Song Chao continued from the side, “I am willing to exchange other resources for the Unfalling Ghost Rock. In terms of price, I will definitely leave Junior Brother Yan satisfied.”

With Yan Zhaoge’s current level of authority in Broad Creed Mountain, there was completely no problem with him handling the resources and materials obtained from Xin Dongping.

And there really were things from Jade Sea City and the Water Domain that he wanted.

However, in other to avoid his target being exposed too early, Yan Zhaoge said, “Due to the immensity of the matter, Xin Dongping’s private possessions are currently being personally handled by my father. Senior Brother Song can follow me to meet my father, speaking on the situation.”

“With the good relationship between our two clans, if we do indeed have the Unfalling Ghost Rock, there shouldn’t be a problem then.”

Song Chao nodded, “I will be disturbing Senior Yan.”

Earlier, he had also met Yan Di, but had not brought up the matter of the Unfalling Ghost Rock then. Now, he met with him once more, explaining the situation.

After receiving a sound transmission from Yan Zhaoge via aura-qi, Yan Di said, “We indeed have the Unfalling Ghost Rock, but it is rather limited in quantity. How much does Little Friend Song need?”

Song Chao answered, “I just require around three feet of it.”

Yan Di nodded, “Then my clan indeed does have a sufficient amount of it, and can give it to Little Friend Song.”

“With our clan just having undergone a great tribulation, we have many things that require attention, urgently requiring many resources. Actually, I also want to have greater interaction with your clan in terms of exchange of resources, originally also having had the intention of sending this message to your father through you.”

With that, it would not just be a matter of a few objects being exchanged between the two sides, rather concerning many, various types, with also greater quantity.

Song Chao hurriedly said, “This junior will definitely send the news back to Jade Sea City as soon as possible.”

Yan Di said, “That would be best.”

After sending Song Chao temporarily back to rest, Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di sat down across from each other.

Yan Zhaoge stroked his temple as he said, “Just slot in the things that I want within the clan’s list of goods.”

“Naturally,” Yan Di now asked, “Do you feel that this is something Song Chao wants privately?”

Yan Zhaoge answered, “I feel not. Rather than it being a personal thing, the possibility of Jade Sea City wanting it is greater.”

Yan Di said, “Song Chao is not as conspicuous as you. If he wants to find something, most would not pay any attention to it. It would instead come much more concealed than with the open flowing of goods.”

“Everyone under the heavens know that you can freely move most of the clan’s resources. Him contacting you and privately finding you for help also seems rather normal.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “I did not directly agree to his request, instead bringing him to you. He should also know that his thoughts have been exposed, having been seen through by us?”

Yan Di answered, “He should naturally know.”

Yan Zhaoge lightly tapped the table by the side, “Unfalling Ghost Rock, Unfalling Ghost Rock…what does Jade Sea City want this thing for?”

“If we cannot immediately think of what the other side wants, what they want to do, we could instead consider what they lack, what they urgently need…” Yan Zhaoge’s tapping ceased, swivelling his head to look at his father, the father and son both opening their mouths and exclaiming together, “Sacred Artifact!”

While the Sacred Sun Clan had lost the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler, Huang Guanglie’s cultivation base had successfully improved a step further.

For Broad Creed Mountain, Yuan Zhengfeng had Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood, becoming yet another Martial Saint expert of the current Eight Extremities World, at the same time also possessing the Sacred Artifact, the Clear Qi Robe.

The current Broad Creed Mountain had already replaced the Sacred Sun Clan as the only Sacred Ground of the Eight Extremities World that possessed both a Martial Saint and a Sacred Artifact.

Of the six great Sacred Grounds, Broad Creed Mountain and the Sacred Sun Clan had already clearly become superior to the other four Sacred Grounds.

With Broad Creed Mountain restricting the Sacred Sun Clan, Jade Sea City could naturally let out a breath of relief. Otherwise, rather than seeing their hated enemy, the Sacred Sun Clan, sweeping over the world and gaining hegemony over the Eight Extremities World, Jade Sea City would rather commit mass suicide by jumping into the sea.

However, of the Heaven-Mountain-Water alliance, evenly matched and joined together by a common cause, one of them had suddenly gained the momentum of rising from an ally to the head of the alliance. This would inevitably lead to the unhappiness of the two other powers.

At least, they would definitely feel more strongly the pressing need to rise in strength.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head slightly, “Not having completely resolved the chaos by the Flame Devils on the East Sea, they’ve already run over looking for the Unfalling Ghost Rock. This matter of Jade Sea City’s must be rather pressing ah.”