Chapter 317: The Site Of The Sacred Sun Clan’S Weakness

HSSB317: The site of the Sacred Sun Clan’s weakness

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, a ponderous look appeared on Yan Di’s face, “You said just now that the legacy of the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint was but on the side, even concealment.”

“Your meaning is that your true target also lies to the north? Or perhaps, your method will be applied there?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “That’s right.”

He gazed towards the north, then looked towards the south before saying softly, “My goal is their Sacred Sun Clan’s Southern Underground Palace!”

Hearing his words, Yan Di’s gaze focused slightly.

The Southern Underground Palace: to the south of the Fire Domain existed an endless chain of mountains, many volcanoes amongst them. A massive sea of lava existed beneath the ground, its depths unknown, spreading outwards to boundaries unknown.

Like the Wind Domain’s Great Western Desert, it was a long existing major danger ground of the Eight Extremities World.

However, it was also an important foundation of the Sacred Sun Clan.

How important was it?

It had many uses, but just one of them was already sufficient to explain the problem.

The Sacred Sun Clan’s supreme martial art, the Extreme Yang Fist, above the Seven Great Sun Arts. To cultivate successfully in it, one needed the assistance of the flames of the Southern Underground Palace.

If not for the environment there truly being too unconducive, the Sacred Sun Clan would not have chosen the World Illuminating Peak for its headquarters.

To speak of it, there was the true sacred ground of the Sacred Sun Clan, with the World Illuminating Peak just being where they were usually stationed.

Yan Di said, “The Southern Underground Palace is a place like the Great Western Desert. While we know that it is very important to the Sacred Sun Clan, it would be difficult to assault and damage it. Even attacking it and occupying it would also not be feasible.”

If they could have damaged the Southern Underground Palace, in the previous war of the Eastern Tang, having forced the Sacred Sun Clan completely back to the World Illuminating Peak, Broad Creed Mountain and Jade Sea City would already have made a move on it.

Yan Zhaoge said, “That’s right; the creations of the heavens and earth are incomparably majestic, not being things that can easily be shaken by human methods. At the very least, the current me definitely cannot do it.”

“However, it’s not that I want to forcibly damage that place.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed towards the north once more, “I can’t still say it for sure now. Only after I have arrived at the Extreme Northern Lands and surveyed for the area for a bit will I be able to come to a conclusion; what exists now is only a vague line of thought.”

Yan Di asked, “From where does your line of thought originate? While you always have some strange, wonderful ideas, what is it this time that gave you inspiration, letting you think up something so greatly wild?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Father, it is written in the ancient records that a strange incident once occurred before the Great Calamity, concerning a great martial power of that time, the Snowy Immortal Palace. I wonder if you have heard of it?”

“Are you talking about the drying up of the Heavenly Ice Springs of the Snowy Immortal Palace?” Yan Di pondered for a while before answering.

The Great Calamity had made many things extinct, turning many things into legends, in the form of vague, incomplete rumours.

Many things had been made extinct, while some scattered, fragmented things had been passed down over the ages, being known by the people of the Eight Extremities World now.

However, the veracity of many of these things was currently already unknown.

Yan Di looked at Yan Zhaoge, “It is rumoured that the legacy of the Snowy Immortal Palace was not cut off due to the Great Calamity, having already disappeared before that.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “I am also not too clear on the specifics. However, from browsing through ancient texts, I have my own thoughts and guesses on the subject, just that I still have to personally test out and verify them on site.”

“Not the site where the Snowy Immortal Palace once existed-that place is lost gone. What I want is to survey the environment of the Extreme Northern Lands, that is similar to that of the past Snowy Immortal Palace.”

To Yan Di, it was a rumour, but Yan Zhaoge knew for a fact that the Snowy Immortal Palace had indeed already been destroyed before the descent of the Great Calamity.

However, he was indeed unclear on the specifics of the situation.

Not having checked it out on site before, Yan Zhaoge indeed currently couldn’t be sure on the true reason for the Heavenly Ice Springs drying up. However, he indeed had thoughts on the matter, having analysed out some underlying principles from consolidating his knowledge in other areas.

However, he still had to perform some experiments to properly verify these thoughts.

Yan Di said, “If you want to head to the Extreme Northern Lands, you can. However, you have to pay attention to your safety. After all, that place is rather near to the Heavenly Thunder Hall.”

“With Master having Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood, and with me having entered the Transcending Mortality stage as well, our clan has already increased in power to the point of being able to completely abandon our earlier conservative stance. The Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall will also rein themselves in a little. But if you want to head to the Extreme Northern Lands and the North Sea, you still have to be careful.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, I understand.”

Yan Di paused for a moment before continuing, “You have to pay more attention to the matter of Jun’er and his mother.”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was solemn, “You can rest assured. This is eldest apprentice-uncle’s sole remaining bloodline; I will definitely protect it.”

Yan Di spoke no more, walking to the window with his hands behind his back, gazing out into the distance.

Many old memories surfaced within Yan Di’s mind.

……

“I am surnamed Shi, named Shi Tie, Master’s oldest disciple.”

……

“Junior apprentice-brother Yan, you are a supreme genius blessed by the gods, a hundred times stronger than me. In the future, you will definitely become a legendary figure like Ancestor Heaven Shaker.”

……

“Eldest apprentice-brother, you are really giving up on the competition for Chief succession?”

“That’s right.”

“If you were the one to succeed the position, I would be willing to stay your subordinate, but if it is second apprentice-brother, I feel like trying to compete for it a bit.”

……

“Eldest apprentice-brother, regarding the matter of Songtao’s family, my condolences…”

“I’m fine, don’t worry. Right, junior apprentice-brother Yan ah, I know that you are also very busy, but if you have the time, do pay a little more attention to Zhaoge.”

……

Yan Di’s usually always tyrannical, incisive gaze was currently uncharacteristically unfocused.

Yan Zhaoge could basically understand Yan Di’s feelings, also feeling similarly dismal as he soundlessly retreated outside, closing the door with him.

Other than the people of Infinite Boundless Mountain, Jade Sea City and Turbid Wave Pavilion had also sent people over to congratulate Yuan Zhengfeng on his ascension into the Martial Saint realm, and Yan Di on his official ascension to the position of Chief.

From Jade Sea City had even come someone Yan Zhaoge was familiar with.

While he was only a Spirit Vessel Martial Grandmaster, as the son of Jade Sea City’s Lord, Song Wuliang, the arrival of the Seven Seas Young Master Song Chao was sufficient in expressing their sincerity.

“Senior Brother Song has travelled a long way; our clan warmly welcomes you,” Yan Zhaoge received Song Chao and his group, “However, we have just experienced a huge tribulation. Despite having successfully tided through it, many of our fellow disciples have perished. Therefore, despite father having taken up the position of Chief and Grand Master having ascended into the Martial Saint realm, my clan does not intend to hold a ceremony.”

“Currently, our entire Mountain has many things that need to be done. If there is anywhere that you feel slighted, please do not hold it on us.”

Song Chao said, “This is only natural. In ascending your Mountain, we also hope to offer up joss sticks to the deceased seniors who were sacrificed.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “We thank everyone from Jade Sea City.”

Beside Song Chao, part of the group of Jade Sea City disciples, a girl said, “Senior Brother Yan, my condolences.”

It was Li Jingwan, whom he had met at the Heavenly Connection Meet.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Junior Sister Li is kind.”

He led the way, leading Song Chao, Li Jingwan and the others up the mountain.

After the offering of joss sticks, Yan Zhaoge said, “After a bit, our clan will bury our disciples who perished in this tribulation. If you want to stay behind to observe the ceremony, that will also be fine.”

Song Chao seemed to have something he wanted to say, but his expression remained calm as usual as he nodded, “Since that is so, we will be bothering you.”

Despite his dismal feelings, Yan Zhaoge had not lost his basic calm. Seeing this, he knew that Song Chao probably had another purpose in coming over here.

It was just that if he mentioned it now, it would inevitably be a little rude. Therefore, he meant to leave it for after the burial ceremony.

Yan Zhaoge took note of this, his expression not changing.