Chapter 338: Through Another Method!

HSSB338: Through another method

Ah Hu looked curiously at that blue spirit spring. Yan Zhaoge raised his head, looking at their surrounding environment.

He felt the circulation of the spiritual qi in the surrounding heavens and earth, also reaching out and scooping up some blue spring water with his aura-qi, examining it carefully within his palm.

After a while, Yan Zhaoge muttered, “The time is still not ripe. We will have to wait for more spiritual qi to be accumulated here first.”

Saying thus, he looked at their surroundings before exerting force with his feet once more.

This time, he collapsed the soil and stones of the surrounding area, concealing the location of the blue hot springs once more.

The changes in the surrounding soil and stones inevitably looked a little obtrusive on the snowy plains.

Yan Zhaoge’s entire body’s aura-qi abruptly changed, becoming bone-penetratingly cold, numerous streams of white aura-qi resembling numerous ice dragons as they flew within the air before landing on the great earth, sealing up the soil and stones that had been disturbed earlier.

By the side, Ah Hu also helped to patch up the deficiencies, manipulating the area such that it seemed basically the same as the rest of their surroundings, not too much of a difference being present.

After all this had been done, Yan Zhaoge said, “Come, let’s head to the next location.”

As he led the way, Yan Zhaoge said, “Ah Hu, pass me the four sabres that I handed to you earlier on.”

Ah Hu did as he said, taking out four sabres that were each not more than a foot long, appearing extremely ordinary, and handing them to Yan Zhaoge.

Looking at them carefully, it would be discovered that these four sabres had clearly not been bladed, their edges still being blunt.

However, the blade of the sabres flickered with crimson light, resembling blazing fire.

Receiving those four sabres, with a sweep of Yan Zhaoge’s aura-qi, they all hovered simultaneously within the air, remaining by his side.

As they swayed, fire seemed indistinctly to dance within the air, converging to form an illusory line of fire above Yan Zhaoge’s head, pointing indeterminately away as it extended into the distance.

Yan Zhaoge brought Ah Hu along, following the general direction of the line of fire.

Accompanied by their advance, that illusory line of fire that extended into the distance gradually stabilised, finally pointing straight in a single direction.

This illusory line of fire was extremely conspicuous amidst the snow, but only Yan Zhaoge, controlling the four sabres, was able to see it.

Following where it led, after a long journey, the two finally halted.

Following the line of fire that had landed on the ground, Yan Zhaoge saw that it penetrated straight beneath the earth.

He raised his head and observed their surrounding environment as well as felt the spiritual qi flow here, murmuring to himself after a time, “This place should be fine.”

He lightly pushed his palm down on the ground, which shuddered.

The four sabres that hovered in mid-air descended, their tips directly contacting the ground.

Yan Zhaoge reached out, slapping the four sabres one by one into the ground.

On their hilts that remained outside of the earth, the red light of fire now also surfaced. The next moment, the crimson light gradually turned icy blue.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, pulling out the four sabres before he took out the Underground Splitting Shuttle once more, boarding it alongside Ah Hu, entering beneath the ground.

Proceeding amidst the frozen soil, the Underground Splitting Shuttle was not as agile as it usually was.

Still, very quickly, controlling the Underground Splitting Shuttle, Yan Zhaoge felt the pressure up ahead decrease.

Shooting out of the soil and stones, while they were still enshrouded in darkness, Yan Zhaoge could determine that their surroundings were now completely formed of a thick ice layer.

The massive ice cave that was hidden beneath the ground here was also one of Yan Zhaoge’s targets.

Passing through the ice layer, they suddenly passed into empty space as the Underground Splitting Shuttle as ridden by Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu had already emerged from the ice layer, arriving within the central region of the ice cave.

The underground space they were in within this cave of ice should originally have been a completely sealed space, but Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu were still able to breath normally here.

The environment ahead of them also lit up slightly, a shade of dark blue.

Seeing the silently flowing blue light that resembled underground hidden glacial rivers, Yan Zhaoge instantly smiled, “It’s here.”

Ah Hu stared at that flowing blue light, “Young Master, this thing seems to be formed of extreme condensation of a great amount of qi of ice and snow.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “You’re right. Even Essence Talisman Martial Grandmasters might not be able to withstand it, so you’ve got to remember definitely not to touch it. Don’t even let a single drop of it touch you, or you will instantly be frozen into an ice statue, all your flesh and blood freezing up.”

Ah Hu nodded, “In this icy cave, it instead doesn’t really feel cold. All of the cold qi has been condensed densely within that flow of blue light-it truly scares one just looking at it.”

“This is the origin of the icy plains of the Extreme North, its world of ice and snow. Born naturally of the heavens and the earth, this is an Ice Pith Vein of the area,” Yan Zhaoge’s expression was rather solemn, “And this is actually only still just one tiny branch of it.”

“If it were the main vein, even a Martial Saint would not dare to come into contact with it lightly. If a Martial Saint entered fully within, even they might be frozen to death.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed emotionally, “The extreme coldness within the Eight Extremities World- there is naught more potent than this.”

Ah Hu shrunk back, “Then, Young Master, why have we come here ah?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “To perform an experiment. If the experiment succeeds, we might be able to achieve something major.”

Ah Hu blinked, appearing uncomprehending.

Yan Zhaoge’s hands moved in a blur as he took out various materials that he had prepared beforehand, arranging them whilst saying, “The ancient records mention that before the Great Calamity, there was once a martial powerhouse known as the Snowy Immortal Palace. The Snowy Immortal Palace contained a Heavenly Ice Spring, being extremely divine.”

“However, afterwards, this Heavenly Ice Spring suddenly began slowly drying up without any prior warning, the reasons for this unknown.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, the four red sabres flying out once more, respectively embedded in four corners of the ice layer above.

“I too do not understand the reason for this, but I have my suspicions,” Yan Zhaoge said, “The phenomena of the heavens and earth are actually all connected as one.”

“The spiritual qi flows about the entire world look to be undergoing individual changes one by one, but looked at from an overall perspective, all of them are actually related to one another.”

“It’s just that some of these are rather more obvious, while others are rather obscure; some we may be able to get into contact with, others not.”

Yan Zhaoge used various materials, speedily setting up a formation here.

Amidst arranging the formation, he said, “While extreme coldness and extreme heat seem diametrically opposed, in some situations, they are actually compatible as yin and yang.”

“That year, with no one having attacked the Snowy Immortal Palace, under normal circumstances, with the spiritual qi of its Heavenly Ice Springs still far from drying up completely, what was it that caused the spring water to dry up?”

Finishing his work, Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “My guess is that through some other method that was out of everyone’s knowledge, completely out of the Snowy Immortal Palace’s knowable predictions, someone used a method that no one would have thought of to complete this deed.”

At this point, Ah Hu seemed to understand his meaning, “Young Master, your meaning is that somewhat did something to a Fire Pith Vein, influencing the opposition between fire and ice, from there changing the Ice Pith Vein, causing the Heavenly Ice Spring of the Snowy Immortal Palace to naturally dry up?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Speaking of it, it would really be a hard thing to accomplish. Generally speaking, if the person truly had the ability to do such, he could instead simply have directly attacked the Snowy Immortal Palace, stomping them down. However, he did not do so. This means that perhaps he just employed some subtle methods, truly moving a thousand kilograms with just four bits of strength, thereby accomplishing his goal.”

Ah Hu asked curiously, “First not speaking of how there could be such great a force that could influence an earth vein, how could he have been certain that only that for the Heavenly Ice Spring of the Snowy Immortal Palace would be affected, with no changes occurring in other Ice Pith Veins at all?”