Chapter 330: Feeling Like They Were Slapped

HSSB330: Feeling like they were slapped

The pillar of light that enveloped Feng Yunsheng had earlier shifted repeatedly between bright and dim, making it seem extremely unstable…

Now, however, accompanied by the unending roar of a dragon, the pillar of light grew brighter and brighter, as well as more and more stable, to the point that it was no longer flickering.

The force that Feng Yunsheng exerted was not as restrained as Meng Wan’s; it was tyrannical and mighty, causing all the other participants here to feel a pressuring aura weighing down upon them.

Infinite Boundless Mountain’s Ling Hui first felt it, followed closely by the Heavenly Thunder Hall’s Nian Lei.

Very quickly, the Sacred Sun Clan’s Yun Xiuqing and Jade Sea City’s Chen Suting also felt the fearsome pressure brought to them by Feng Yunsheng.

The pillar of light enveloping Feng Yunsheng grew brighter and brighter, also expanding rapidly in terms of thickness into the surroundings, its momentum shocking.

Let alone Yun Xiuqing, even Chen Suting was surpassed by Feng Yunsheng!

The heavenly dragon roared, soaring straight into the nine heavens, crushing one opponent after another, leaving them in its wake.

Very quickly, even Turbid Wave Pavilion’s Fan Qiu looked grave, earnestly looking at Feng Yunsheng.

Meng Wan did not even look towards Feng Yunsheng for a moment, a glow momentarily lighting up within the depths of her gaze, her feelings joyful whilst also complicated.

The pillar of light that enveloped Feng Yunsheng gradually stabilised, slightly inferior to Turbid Wave Pavilion’s Fan Qiu, whereas stably surpassing the Sacred Sun Clan’s Yun Xiuqing and Jade Sea City’s Chen Suting, ranked third amongst everyone here.

As this scene fell into the eyes of the spectators, they were all momentarily stupefied.

Everyone else aside, the martial practitioners of the Sacred Sun Clan fell into a state of utter disbelief.

Similarly attending an Extreme Yin Bout for the first time, Yun Xiuqing could be considered a secret weapon prepared by the Sacred Sun Clan. If she outstandingly shone in this first attempt, it was not something that others would be completely unable to accept.

However, Feng Yunsheng was different. Having been given the death sentence by everyone of the Sacred Sun Clan that year, her Extreme Yin Physique having been reported as crippled, she had actually truly recovered her Extreme Yin power, at the same time also improving further.

Having resumed her pace after having wasted so many years, she was actually displaying this level of ability-this truly almost shocked their eyeballs to the point of falling to the ground.

The Sunset Lord stared hard at Feng Yunsheng, seemingly wanting to see through her entire person.

His gaze was condensed to the point of near tangibility, even touching the Extreme Yin Crown a little.

A chill suddenly rose in the Sunset Lord’s heart as he knew that he had caused a backlash from the Extreme Yin Crown. He hurriedly retracted his gaze, his expression momentarily rather dark.

The more outstanding Feng Yunsheng was, the more it was like a slap to the Sacred Sun Clan’s face.

If it was just a high ability in the area of martial arts, her strength outstanding, while that would also be very awkward, it could still barely be accepted.

However, they had previously determined Feng Yunsheng’s Extreme Yin Physique to be completely crippled, the crowd of Sacred Sun Clan bigwigs checking her condition one after another, finally all attesting confidently to that fact. Looking back at it now, it really seemed like a joke.

Of the crowd of Sacred Sun Clan martial practitioners, all those in the know felt a fiery pain on their faces at this moment.

Elder Mo let out a reassured smile, nodding consecutively, “Not in vain, really not in vain-our efforts were not wasted at all.”

He swivelled his head to look at Yan Zhaoge, praising, “Zhaoge, it’s all thanks to you ah.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Elder Mo overpraises me; it’s all thanks to junior apprentice-sister Feng’s own diligence, as well as senior apprentice-aunt Fu’s good teachings.”

These were not all polite words of courtesy.

Looking at Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge also felt emotional. Today, she was finally standing on this stage that she had aspired to for so long, letting her own people feel joyful, letting their enemies feel bitter and frustrated, but how many knew how much effort Feng Yunsheng had put in for this behind the scenes, how much hardship she had suffered.

Everything else aside, just the Cold Marrow Needles were already one of the Seven Great Tortures alongside the Soul Illuminating Lamps, a cruel form of torture that caused one to wish for their death but be unable to welcome it, a vicious method that could even reduce trained, tough men into puddles of water.

And this torture had not only been done once, instead having been carried out every once in a while after a set period of time ever since a year ago.

Just before setting out for this fifth Extreme Yin Bout, Feng Yunsheng had just suffered it once more.

Looking at Feng Yunsheng whose performance was slightly inferior to Fan Qiu’s, Yan Zhaoge said softly to himself, “This first round can be considered moderate; some of her advantages still cannot be displayed. In the second round, she will cause others to be even more shocked ah…”

At this moment, seeing Meng Wan, Fan Qiu and Feng Yunsheng placed in the top three positions, already having taken up three of the four spots for advancement, Yun Xiuqing and Chen Suting could not help but feel rather anxious.

On Yun Xiuqing’s usually cold, expressionless face, anxiety could not be seen, but her expression was clearly even colder than usual, a cold sharp light flashing within her eyes.

Jade Sea City’s Chen Suting’s expression was grave to the point that it could not be any graver.

She was the victor of the second Extreme Yin Bout, once having been the owner of the Extreme Yin Crown.

Having tasted such once before, she could only hope that it would be eternal.

The two began drawing on all their strength, communicating with the Extreme Yin Crown, increasing their resonance with the Sacred Artifact, hoping to gain greater recognition from it.

The pillars of light enveloping them shook slightly, gradually beginning to grow thicker and brighter.

Seeing this, Meng Wan furrowed her brows slightly.

The Sunset Lord’s expression also changed slightly as he said in a deep tone, “Xiuqing, don’t be impatient.”

Before his words had landed, the tall mountain above Yun Xiuqing’s head suddenly began to shake intensely.

Yun Xiuqing’s face turned pale before a crack suddenly appeared at the bottom of that snowy mountain from which gushed flames and lava, the crack spreading all the way upwards, arriving at the peak of the mountain.

The next moment, the tall snowy peak began to mightily collapse and break apart.

Some pain and unwillingness flickered within Yun Xiuqing’s eyes.

One knew one’s own problems best; she was the clearest on her own situation.

She was the youngest of all the Maidens of Extreme Yin here, possessing the lowest cultivation base. In other words, her foundations were the least firm.

Although her Extreme Yin Power was mighty and powerful, her supreme Extreme Yin Arts also remarkable, the result of forcibly stimulating her power and wringing out her potential was naught but collapse.

It was not that she had not known the underlying risks, but Yun Xiuqing had still wanted to give it a go with all she had.

Sadly, she had gone too hastily beyond her limits, finally still unable to achieve it.

Meng Wan looked at Yun Xiuqing, her head lowered, shaking her head slightly as she sighed.

The Sunset Lord and the other Sacred Sun Clan martial practitioners also had no words to speak.

The pillar of light enveloping Yun Xiuqing gradually dimmed, till it had completely vanished.

The other six pillars of light also completely stabilised, the first round of the Extreme Yin Bout drawing to an end.

In the end, it was Feng Yunsheng, Meng Wan, Fan Qiu and Chen Suting who went through to the next round. Following this, it would be individual eliminatory bouts amongst them, till a victor was finally decided.

Sorting out his thoughts, calming his emotions, the Sunset Lord looked at An Qinglin, “In the past, it was always the final two directly competing. This time, there are four people, and three matches will be required. Will the first two matches be based upon the performance in the first round, number one against number four, number two against number three, or will it be decided by drawing lots?”

An Qinglin said, “Number one against number four, number two against number three.”

Elder Mo, the Sunset Lord and the others all nodded in agreement.

Feng Yunsheng glanced at Meng Wan, Meng Wan simultaneously also glancing at her, the gazes of the two brushing past each other.

Then, Feng Yunsheng’s gaze fell on her upcoming opponent, Fan Qiu of Turbid Wave Pavilion.