Chapter 343: A Martial Saint’S Legacy Site

HSSB343: A Martial Saint’s legacy site

With the equilibrium already broken, it would not be easy for the currently rampaging Ice Pith Vein to regain its equilibrium once more.

While he had the help of the Earth Devouring Burner to obstruct it, Yan Zhaoge could also not continue staying around here as he left the area with the Underground Splitting Shuttle.

Tides of extreme coldness chased after them, strengthening the ice layer, expanding unceasingly outwards.

Only after he had fled a long distance away did Yan Zhaoge feel the tides of coldness gradually calm behind him.

Also sitting within the Underground Splitting Shuttle, Ah Hu gazed warily behind.

“Young Master, such a massive change happening with the Ice Pith Vein; might it affect your plan?”

Yan Zhaoge said upon hearing his words, “It’s fine. Coincidentally, this final bit has magnified the effects the most. Currently, it is already enough.”

“Over at the Southern Wilderness, it is only a matter of time now.”

Controlling the Underground Splitting Shuttle, Yan Zhaoge headed upwards, finally emerging on the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains once more.

Looking back in the direction of that ice cave, blue light that shot to the heavens could still indistinctly be seen. While it had already begun falling, regaining its calm, one seemed still to be able to feel that terrifying power of destruction.

Yan Zhaoge clicked his tongue in praise, “The mighty power of the heavens and the earth truly is stunning.”

Ah Hu said, “Young Master, what do we do now? Return to that blue hot spring that can be used to treat Shi Jun and his mother?”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “Now is still not the time. Counting the days, some time is still required for spiritual qi to be accumulated there.”

“While the eruptive force of the Ice Pith Vein was used just now to bury a great number of Heavenly Thunder Hall martial practitioners, some experts of the Heavenly Thunder Hall are still alive around here. That Black Nightmare Mountain Martial Grandmaster seems also to have survived.”

“With everyone striving to survive earlier as we fled in different directions, we all lost traces of one another. Still, they will most likely be searching for us in this area, so it is best that we do not remain around here.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “Seeing someone just now, it proved something from someplace else.”

Ah Hu seemed not to understand his words, “Young Master?”

Yan Zhaoge looked towards the east, precisely the direction from which they had initially arrived. There, the legacy site of the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint was present alongside many Heavenly Thunder Hall martial practitioners.

Still, with most of them having been buried by Yan Zhaoge within the ice cave, the defending forces around the area would inevitably be weaker than it had been earlier.

Yan Zhaoge had previously not been able to confirm what lay within, only having some guesses.

However, with martial practitioners of the Heavenly Thunder Hall having appeared here, especially with Lin Zhou having himself run all the way here to the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains, Yan Zhaoge understood that this legacy site would not be simple.

By Yan Zhaoge’s analysis on Lin Zhou, in looking for treasures, this brother of his had never ever fired a misfired shot.

In other words, since this master who would not recall its eagle not having seen a rabbit had appeared here, it proved that there truly was something good here.

Since that was so, originally having gained the initiative due to Ye Jing, how would Yan Zhaoge let this chance go?

Moreover, the Heavenly Thunder Hall had split up its forces within the Extreme Northern Lands, the group that had come looking for trouble with him at the ice cave having suffered many casualties due to the eruption of the Ice Pith Vein.

Against the Heavenly Thunder Hall martial practitioners guarding the legacy site of the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint, Yan Zhaoge didn’t mind going up against them for a bit.

With the matter of the Southern Underground Palace having been settled, some time needed for the brew to ferment, and the conditions for restoring Shi Jun and his mother still not yet satisfied, the matter of the legacy of the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint now entered Yan Zhaoge’s eyes.

Weakening the enemy and strengthening himself-both were good paths to consider.

Currently, it was also the most suitable time for a returning lance back to the legacy site of the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint.

Whether or not he succeeded or failed, he would also retreat speedily. This way, causing the enemy to move, they would not be able to easily catch his true motives.

“Speaking of this Lin Zhou, not having seen him in a while, he seems to have had quite the gains, even having been able to come up with something like the Yin Yang Chain Barrier,” Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “The silvery light of thunder that broke through the ice layer within the ice cave also seems a little familiar. I seem to have heard of it before; what was it again?”

As Yan Zhaoge thought, he narrowed his eyes into slits, “Lin Zhou, ah…”

Proceeding towards the west, after journeying for several days, the figures of Heavenly Thunder Hall martial practitioners appeared before Yan Zhaoge’s and Ah Hu’s fields of vision once more.

Yan Zhaoge expanded his Immortal Crane Wings, speedily rushing forward, instantly slaying several of them located on the outskirts.

Guarding this area were also two early Essence Spirit Martial Grandmasters, at the fourth level of the Martial Grandmaster realm.

Alerted to Yan Zhaoge’s arrival, receiving news of his coming, they immediately came up to meet him.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge’s expression was heavy as the purplish-green light of thunder shone within his right eye. The next moment, a purple orb hovered above his head.

It was precisely formed of the Eye of the Thunder Emperor fragment.

The light of thunder flickered, as though the god of thunder had blinked.

A terrifying shot of An Instant’s Lightning descended, violent thunderbolts ripping through the very air.

An opposing early Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster, not even having the time to evade, saw bright, violent thunder light instantly arriving before his eyes, instantly consuming him!

Not able to save him in time, the other person was greatly angered as he rushed towards Yan Zhaoge.

His figure flickered, also resembling the light of thunder as he instantly disappeared before Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, his shadow something that could not be easily apprehended even with Yan Zhaoge’s visual abilities.

First, the terrifying light of thunder lit up. After, the rumbling of thunder resounded.

Sabre-light lit up between the heavens and the earth, as though a divinity of thunder had descended from the heavens, hacking towards Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge was not panicked in the least as he raised a hand, a short rod flying out, lengthening as it flew, instantly transforming into the great pillar of the Divine Palace.

The sabre-light that resembled thunder hacked down on the pillar of the Divine Palace. As the stone pillar shook, countless streaks of bright vapour expanded into the air in all directions.

Those countless streaks of bright vapour formed countless spirit patterns, intermingling between the heavens and the earth, actually forming a massive spirit formation with the pillar of the Divine Palace as its centre.

Suppressed by the spirit formation, the light of thunder instantly dimmed, growing calm.

The massive stone pillar descended from the heavens, the spirit formation enveloping the area, directly pressuring that Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster of the Heavenly Thunder Hall below.

The other party’s face changed slightly, wanting to evade, yet felt as though he had been locked in place as he was unable to shift his position.

With his prided speed having lost its grounds for use, he could only clench his teeth and forcibly bear the pressure.

His face ugly, this Essence Spirit Martial Grandmaster pushed upwards with his palms, supporting the descending pillar of the Divine Palace.

Yan Zhaoge, however, did not entangle himself with him, holding onto Ah Hu with one hand as he expanded his Immortal Crane Wings, raising his speed to the maximum, instantly leaving the group of Heavenly Thunder Hall martial practitioners in the dust.

Some other Heavenly Thunder Hall martial practitioners came up to block him. However, Yan Zhaoge’s Immortal Crane Wings shuddered as the crane feathers on it transformed into numerous feathers of light, shooting towards them like a tempestuous storm.

After breaking through their defensive lines, with a wave of Yan Zhaoge’s hand, the shining pillar of the Divine Palace rose up once more, shrinking as it returned to the appearance of a short stone rod, landing within Yan Zhaoge’s hand.

Not halting in the least, Yan Zhaoge angled his wings as they drew a perfect arc in mid-air, Yan Zhaoge shooting straight into the ice lake with the Glacial Dragon Martial Saint’s legacy site!