Chapter 359: Capture

HSSB359: Capture

The sea was vast, but this couldn’t hinder Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu.

Black streams of water appeared around Pan-Pan, shrouding him as it formed a barrier which kept the seawater at bay as he strode onto the sea with Yan Zhaoge and Ah Hu on his back.

Yan Zhaoge surveyed their surroundings, “Junior apprentice-sister Sikong should still be somewhere in the vicinity.”

Ah Hu’s spiritual sense locked onto Ouyang Qi, the smile on his face a little savage, “Young Master, since it’s confirmed that there’s something wrong with this kid, let’s just take him down.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “It’s unknown whether he has any relation to Old Man Mo. I remember that the Verdant Pill Island that Old Man Mo resides in is in the intersecting area between the Outer North Sea and the Outer East Sea.”

While Old Man Mo had not founded a clan, he had many disciples under him, just that all of them were like him, seldom getting involved in worldly affairs, keeping an extremely low profile.

Old Man Mo was detached from the world, living beyond the seas.

However, if one thought that this old man had a good temper, that would be a great mistake indeed.

The treasured ink of old man Mo was famed throughout the world, but what stood alongside his ‘ink paintings’ were his ‘blood paintings’!

Killing people like hanging a picture-as the fresh blood of the enemies killed by Old Man Mo was touched by his martial true intent, it would be transformed into bloodstained ink, with the heavens and earth as the canopy and blood as the medium, the marks remaining within nature, not dissipating in a long time.

Thinking about Old Man Mo’s great strength, Ah Hu shrunk back his neck.

While his Young Master had Broad Creed Mountain behind him, first not saying that they were currently facing off against the Sacred Sun Clan, even if they had any manpower to spare, if they offended and infuriated Old Man Mo on his own territory here, they would be destined to suffer a loss, with there even not being a place to complain to should they be killed.

If it was that girl who had battled with Sikong Qing, fighting would still have been acceptable. Sikong Qing was a Broad Creed Mountain disciple, and even if the opponent was of Old Man Mo’s lineage, Broad Creed Mountain would also guard its own disciple.

However, while this Ouyang Qi appeared very strange, he currently hadn’t revealed any sense of animosity towards Broad Creed Mountain.

Under such a circumstance, if the other party was of Old Man Mo’s lineage and Yan Zhaoge captured him on his own volition, it would appear as though he was just randomly provoking Old Man Mo.

Provoking a Martial Saint—in the current Eight Extremities World, this was not a minor thing.

Even if Old Man Mo did not react immediately, allowing Yan Zhaoge to return safely to the Water Domain and through it the mainland, gaining Broad Creed Mountain’s protection, Old Man Mo would be rendered helpless , also being pushed towards the side of the Sacred Sun Clan.

The Sacred Sun Clan would be laughing even in their dreams.

At this point, Ah Hu could only feel that his teeth hurt a little as he could only temporarily discard the idea of capturing Ouyang Qi back.

But after pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge said, “Right, Ah Hu, go capture him.”

Ah Hu was stunned, “Young Master, this is in the case of…”

Seated in the meditative position on Pan-Pan’s back, hands pressed down on knees, Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Just do it; it’ll be fine.”

Hearing his words, Ah Hu spoke no further, leaping upwards and out from the sea, resembling a ferocious tiger spreading its wings, soaring through the horizon as he shot towards Ouyang Qi.

Yan Zhaoge pressed his knees down with his elbows, palm on his lower chin as his eyes were temporarily unfocused, many issues currently occupying his brain.

But after just a bit, Ah Hu was already returning to his side with Ouyang Qi in tow.

“Young Master, this kid’s strength is not ordinary. At the same cultivation level, let alone capture him alive, even obtaining victory over him should take quite some effort.”

Ah Hu smacked his lips, saying, “It feels like even though his strength at the same cultivation level is inferior to Miss Sikong’s, the distance is also very limited.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, now saying to Ouyang Qi, brought before him, “Hi, we meet again.”

Ouyang Qi snorted, “I don’t know how I have offended your Broad Creed Mountain, for the Broad Creed Young Master to treat me like this?”

While his words could still be considered polite, the doubt and mockery contained within was very obvious.

Martial practitioners traversing the area beyond the seas seldom bore much goodwill towards the six great Sacred Grounds, their fear of them also being somewhat lower.

Yan Zhaoge smiled calmly, “Currently, you still don’t seem to have offended my clan or offended me with any specific actions.”

“However, there are some questions that I would like to ask.”

“The first question is-are you a descendant of the Painting Saint’s lineage?” Yan Zhaoge asked neither hurriedly nor slowly.

Hearing his words, Ouyang Qi’s gaze flickered slightly, but he did not speak.

It was instead Ah Hu by the side whose face seemed slightly bitter as he sent over a sound transmission via aura-qi to Yan Zhaoge, “Young Master, the martial art he displayed earlier seemed to be the Light Rainbow Sword.”

The Light Rainbow Sword, a martial art of after the Great Calamity, having been created by the Golden Rainbow Sword Saint from referencing and merging some pre-Great Calamity martial legacy within his own true martial intent.

It had also been famous once, as one of the elite sword arts that had appeared in the Eight Extremities World following the time of the Great Calamity.

However, it had been lost for a long time afterwards.

The Painting Saint Old Man Mo himself had not displayed this martial art.

However, one of the known disciples of Old Man Mo, ‘Collapsing Sea Long Rainbow’ Tan Xing, had gained his fame with this sword art.

Therefore, those of the Eight Extremities World knew that this long lost sword art had reappeared once more thanks to Old Man Mo.

In having displayed this martial art, Ouyang Qi had inevitably exposed his own identity.

As Ah Hu saw it, the worst case scenario had appeared, that of Ouyang Qi precisely being a descendant of Old Man Mo’s lineage.

Hearing his words, Yan Zhaoge instead smiled as he appraised Ouyang Qi all over, “Light Rainbow Sword ah, so it really is someone of the Painting Saint’s lineage. I wonder how you are related to ‘Collapsing Sea Long Rainbow?”

Ouyang QI was silent for a moment before he finally said, “That is my Grand Master.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I have also long heard of Senior Tan’s famed name.”

Ouyang Qi remained silent as he looked at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge asked, “The second question is; my fellow disciple-where is she now?”

Ouyang Qi asked, “How could I possibly know.”

Ah Hu stared, greatly curious as he looked at Ouyang Qi who actually appeared to be breathing slightly more quickly in guilt.

Could it be that he had stolen the Light Rainbow Sword to learn? Or perhaps run out after having made a mistake? Or might he already have been expelled from whence he had come?

Yan Zhaoge said casually, “You definitely know, or maybe you have just forgotten it. That’s fine; we can head to Verdant Pill Island. I believe you will be able to remember very easily there.”

Not only did Ah Hu stare wide-eyed at this, even his mouth unconsciously widened as he was temporarily rendered speechless.

His Young Master, having captured someone else’s disciple, was still preparing to head to that someone’s home on his own accord?

However, what left Ah Hu stunned was the fact that Ouyang Qi’s face turned rather dark upon hearing those words as he answered after a while, “Your fellow disciple is around three hundred and fifty kilometres west of here, but I cannot be certain of her exact position.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded satisfiedly, “It is already enough. See, isn’t this good.”

Saying thus, he patted Pan-Pan, the group turning to head west.

Ah Hu’s gazed moved continuously between Yan Zhaoge and Ouyang Qi as he silently asked via sound transmission, “Young Master?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “As long as we don’t kill him, it’ll be fine. Comparatively speaking, he hopes even less for his seniors to know of this matter.”

Turning to gaze into the distance, Yan Zhaoge said softly, “After seeing junior apprentice-sister Sikong, we should be able to confirm more things.”