Chapter 379: Two Pieces Of Bad News And A Piece Of Good News

HSSB379: Two pieces of bad news and a piece of good news

Because of his trip to Long Ocean City earlier, they could not ascertain the current position of the Flame Devil King Cheng Huang in the region of sea around Jade Sea City.

Also in case an enraged Cheng Huang immediately began to rampage upon his arrival here, Yan Zhaoge had purposely left more time for himself this time, lest they be trapped by Cheng Huang.

However, having waited for a long time, that Flame Devil King had still yet to appear.

With this being completely different from how it had been previously, Yan Zhaoge’s heart instantly sunk somewhat.

Ah Hu was also baffled by this, “Young Master, could it be that the old Chief arrived, and the Flame Devil just happened to run into him, having been taken care of by him?”

Yan Zhaoge knit his brows tightly, “If that is the case, it would definitely be best. However, there is also the possibility of that Flame Devil King having turned back and gone off to attack Jade Sea City again.”

Ah Hu scratched his big head, “While the Flame Devils are rash and easily enraged, they are not completely without brains. If Jade Sea City has not been taken down after so long, with so much time having passed, even if Pavilion Lord An and the others over at the Outer East Sea are unable to return and reinforce them in time, the other experts of the Eight Extremities World should also be arriving.”

“Still daring to run over to Jade Sea City, does he think the Old Chief won’t be able to deal with them?”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “Therefore, abnormalities predicate problems. In daring to return, there must be some basis for this.”

Ah Hu’s expression changed, “An even more powerful Flame Devil King has already entered the Inner East Sea?”

Yan Zhaoge sat down cross-legged, crossing his hands, “This still cannot be confirmed. However, we may have to risk returning to East Dragon Island where Jade Sea City is. Even if we do not enter the island, we must also observe it from its vicinity to know of the specific situation there.”

“Young Master, in returning this time, isn’t it like lambs entering the mouth of a tiger?” Ah Hu swallowed his saliva with some difficulty, “If the enemy truly has even stronger experts covertly making their way over this time, perhaps they have come for that dark red ring.”

Yan Zhaoge looked through the transparent ice ball surrounding them at the deep sea outside, “That’s hard to say. With the characteristics of the Flame Devils, the possibility of this is not high. There is the possibility of the other Flame Devils reporting to that Flame Devil King who chased us for so long just now.”

“However, if one were to speak of that Flame Devil King requesting for the assistance of even stronger experts because he just couldn’t manage to catch us, there is basically no possibility of that. While he might be weaker, he is still a Flame Devil King after all, definitely not lowering his head in inferiority so lightly.”

Ah Hu asked, “Then, could it be that the other Flame Devils leaked the news?”

Yan Zhaoge replied, “That possibility does exist. Of the Flame Devils that entered the Inner East Sea before this, other than those subordinate to that Flame Devil King who was pursuing us, there should still be a portion subordinate to that Flame Devil King who remained in Jade Sea City. There is the possibility of them having leaked the news.”

Now, Yan Zhaoge suddenly couldn’t help but smile, “In having gone to the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains last time, while the final results were still acceptable, the process was really not smooth at all, constantly having been targeted. I had always been feeling that my luck was really a little bit bad.”

“This time, my luck seems to be rather good.”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “In having gone to Long Ocean Island, we may just have avoided danger.”

If a Flame Devil King equivalent to a human expert at the second level of the Martial Saint realm had really come to the region of sea around Jade Sea City and Yan Zhaoge had shown himself at that time, he might just have collided straight into the tip of the other party’s lance.

With the presence of such a Flame Devil King, his speed and strength both superior to Cheng Huang’s, if Yan Zhaoge had still used his previous experience to calculate the time, there would be the possibility of him making a miscalculation, getting trapped by the other party as a result.

Having said this, the smile on Yan Zhaoge’s face had gradually vanished, “However, the danger Jade Sea City is in has increased.”

Yan Zhaoge had temporarily left the region of sea around Jade Sea City and gone to Long Ocean City. With his opponent unable to find him, he had decided to just go back and take care of Jade Sea City first.

After a lengthy journey, as Yan Zhaoge traversed the sea and neared East Dragon Island once more, he discovered that his guesses had been proven true.

Rising to the sea’s surface, gazing far into the horizon, clouds were surging and gales rising.

Yan Zhaoge closed his left eye, the purplish-green light of thunder flickering slightly within his right.

Because the distance was too great, even assisted by the Eye of the Thunder Emperor, Yan Zhaoge could only barely see some scenes.

However, just these scenes alone were sufficient to show how terrible the battle situation there was now.

Following by Yan Zhaoge’s side, Ah Hu asked curiously, “Young Master, how’s the situation now?”

Vast collisions of power emanated from the distance, shocking the heavens and shaking the earth. Even from such a great distance, it still caused one’s heart to palpitate in fear, their very souls trembling.

Yan Zhaoge did not shift his gaze as he casually replied, “One piece of good news; two pieces of bad news.”

The first piece of bad news is that Jade Sea City’s City Lord Song Wuliang seems still not to have left seclusion yet.”

Hearing his words, Ah Hu pulled back the corners of his lips, not uttering a sound.

Yan Zhaoge continued, “The second piece of bad news is that a Flame Devil King of strength equivalent to that of someone at the second level of the Martial Saint realm has arrived in a great show of power and authority.”

Ah Hu swallowed his saliva, asking in a small voice, “Young Master, is there still time for us to turn and run now?”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “The good news is that Grand Master has arrived.”

Ah Hu was taken aback upon hearing this.

Yan Zhaoge still gazed into the distance through his right eye, “It is fortunate that Grand Master came over with the Clear Qi Robe. Otherwise, Jade Sea City would already have been levelled.”

While he could not clearly view the images, those countless streams of clear qi that resembled the vast, majestic heavens unceasingly dispelling that all-encompassing world of flowing fire made it easy for Yan Zhaoge to make such a judgment.

Broad Creed Mountain’s old Chief and current Grand Elder, the Heaven Equalling Saint Yuan Zhengfeng, had already arrived at Jade Sea City along with Broad Creed Mountain’s Sacred Artifact, the Clear Qi Robe.

The two sides engaged in a heaven-roiling, earth-overturning battle in the air above East Dragon Island.

While the enemy was equivalent to a second level Martial Saint in strength and Yuan Zhengfeng had just stepped into the Martial Saint realm not long ago, with Yuan Zhengfeng’s great strength, also possessing the Clear Qi Robe, he did not fear fighting one versus one, even holding the upper hand.

It was just that the current presence of the two Flame Devil Kings at the level of first level Martial Saints, Cheng Huang included, posed an immense threat.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was grave. While Jade Sea City’s Jade Sea Limitless Grand Formation still stood, Yuan Zhengfeng, not being the formation’s wielder, could not borrow much strength from it, the two sides only able to fight their own respective battles.

The Jade Sea Limitless Grand Formation was like Broad Creed Mountain’s Clear Qi Grand Formation, powerful whilst also complicated and profound.

Even if Jade Sea City did not consider further and directly handed over the control of the grand formation to Yuan Zhengfeng, Yuan Zhengfeng would be hard pressed to attain smooth control over it and properly wield its power within a short period of time.

Therefore, being ganged up on now, Yuan Zhengfeng could not make much use of his geographical advantage, only able to rely mostly on himself.

Under such circumstances, faced with the combined attack of three Flame Devil Kings, with one equivalent to a second level Martial Saint expert, even with the combination of Yuan Zhengfeng and the Clear Qi Robe, it would not be easy.

Experts who were able to attain such heights were all extraordinary beings. When their cultivation bases had still been low, against ordinary opponents, who of them had not been able to take on several at once?

Now, with them instead ganging up on someone together, the power of their attacks was naturally ferocious to the extreme.

Ah Hu looked carefully at Yan Zhaoge, “Young Master, do we still use the same old method? If we can lure away a Flame Devil King, it should be much easier on the old Chief’s side. After all, that strongest one will be restricted by the old Chief, and we would not have to fear his pursuit.”

Yan Zhaoge focused on the distant horizon, “As long as that strongest one doesn’t lose his calm, he will be able to stabilise the other two, not letting them be lured away by us.”