Chapter 383: Reversing The Situation, Turning Defeat Into Victory

HSSB383: Reversing the situation, turning defeat into victory

Sacred Artifacts were hard to obtain. In the current Eight Extremities World, the other three Sacred Grounds aside from Broad Creed Mountain, the Sacred Sun Clan and Infinite Boundless Mountain all yearned greatly for one.

The Painting Saint Old Man Mo and the late Devil Saint Yuan Tian had also tried hard to forge a Sacred Artifact of their own.

Now, Jade Sea City had finally succeeded, forging a Sacred Artifact of their own, the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword.

They had suffered a great tribulation, nearly having been destroyed.

The boundless anger that had been suppressed within the heart of Jade Sea City’s Song Wuliang all erupted at this moment.

The all-encompassing jade green sword-light was retracted, turning formless, seemingly having vanished.

However, three Flame Devil Kings here felt a chill run down their backs. Having already clashed with Jade Sea City martial practitioners numerous times, they naturally knew that what they would be facing now was Jade Sea City’s supreme martial art, the Jade Sea Formless Sword.

The sword-light seemed formless, but had actually transformed into innumerable tiny specks of sword-qi the size of dust particles.

While these specks of sword-qi were extremely small, they were tough and indestructible as well as sharp to the extreme.

They were scattered like tiny dust particles between the heavens and the earth, being omnipresent, completely undetectable, yet all-pervasive.

Executing the Jade Sea Formless Sword with the Sacred Artifact, the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword, Song Wuliang’s strength rose to a whole new level.

Virtually in an instant, innumerable jade green sword-lights lit up all about the boundless sea of flames, rising up and down, visible at times whilst concealed at others.

An Qinglin’s sword techniques remained supple and endless, not revealing their sharpness, just coordinating with Song Wuliang in entangling the Flame Devil Kings before them, sealing their movements.

On the other side, Yuan Zhengfeng was finally free to assist, attacking rampantly in great movements.

Bolstered by the Clear Qi Robe, along with the descent of Yuan Zhengfeng’s palm, it truly seemed as though the heavens were toppling as a great part of the sea of flames instantly collapsed.

Watching from down below, Yan Zhaoge nodded continually in praise.

While Yuan Zhengfeng, Song Wuliang and An Qinglin very seldom joined forces, at their current cultivation realm, with their abundant combat experience and their outstanding perception, their attacking coordination was tacit.

His clan having been stomped over, Song Wuliang was burning with fury.

Having successfully forged the Sacred Artifact, the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword, it was precisely his moment of glory where he would exact his vengeance in due.

However, when truly attacking, he still left the main attacking position to the more suited Yuan Zhengfeng, expanding the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword in restricting the enemy, not being rash.

Not possessing a Sacred Artifact, also being injured, An Qinglin did not push herself too much as she left the main battlefield to Yuan Zhengfeng and Song Wuliang, staying in charge of filling up the gaps.

Yuan Zhengfeng performed his duties as tasked, in charge of attacking the enemy head-on, battling the three Flame Devil Kings as they were hard pressed to parry his blows.

The enemies were exhausted in trying to preserve their lives, withstanding Yuan Zhengfeng’s attacks while Song Wuliang’s Jade Sea Formless Sword moved covertly and unseen, searching for a chance to go in for the kill as it posed a massive threat.

Under the combined efforts of the three peak experts of the Eight Extremities World, the Flame Devil army was instantly slaughtered into pandemonium.

With Jade Sea City below having lost its guardian grand formation, the intense battle situation might very possibly affect it.

If not for fear of drawing them into things, the advantage of the three Martial Saints would have been even greater.

Amongst the three Flame Devil Kings, Cheng Huang’s temper was the worst as he roared, his massive snake’s body shooting towards Jade Sea City down below!

From the looks of it, he actually wanted to try to destroy Jade Sea City and kill Yan Zhaoge and the others even at the risk of his own probable demise.

However, two massive hands grabbed out, directly grasping that massive frame with a human’s head and a snake’s body of the Flame Devil King, Cheng Huang.

Garbed in the Clear Qi Robe, Yuan Zhengfeng had extended his hands, streams of clear qi transforming into two massive heaven-concealing hands, capturing Cheng Huang!

Cheng Huang roared unceasingly in rage, thrashing as he fought his way over towards Yan Zhaoge, flames blazing on unceasingly.

Yuan Zhengfeng showed no signs of fear whatsoever, applying pressure with his hands as he squeezed till popping sounds were emitted from Cheng Huang’s body, seemingly about to shatter.

The other two Flame Devil Kings were respectively obstructed by An Qinglin as well as Song Wuliang, wielding the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword.

That Flame Devil King who was equivalent to a human expert at the second level of the Martial Saint realm howled consecutively in rage, looking at the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword in Song Wuliang’s hands and the Clear Qi Robe on Yuan Zhengfeng, finally unwillingly fleeing speedily back towards the east.

The other Flame Devil King who had been attacking Jade Sea City alongside Cheng Huang initially could also only helplessly retreat.

Song Wuliang and An Qinglin capitalised on their momentum, pursuing them all the way.

Yuan Zhengfeng remained where he was, streams of clear qi circulating as he resembled a gigantic descended divinity, capturing a dragon in both hands.

Suppressed by his power, the flames surrounding the body of the Flame Devil King Cheng Huang dispersed like the gushing of blood as he let out an agonised wail.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge felt a little emotional, “It just happens that it is our clan that is on good terms with Jade Sea City, and not the Sacred Sun Clan.”

“Moving freely and unrestricted, as though destined by the heavens-the mysteries within are inexplicable indeed.”

Not counting Old Man Mo, amongst the six great Sacred Grounds, there was only the combination of Yuan Zhengfeng and the Clear Qi Robe or the Sacred Sun Clan’s Huang Guanglie who could face off directly against the Flame Devil King Jing Zhong, equivalent to someone at the second level of the Martial Saint realm.

If it was Huang Guanglie who had come, he might have been able to temporarily protect Jade Sea City from the Flame Devil King Jing Zhong, but he would not have been able to assist Jade Sea City in successfully forging the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword.

As the battle situation entered a stalemate, as time passed, if Song Wuliang was still unable to leave seclusion, to the martial practitioners of the human race, if would eventually still be very perilous indeed.

At the very least, Jade Sea City, the Sacred Ground that had ruled over the Water Domain of the Eight Extremities World for so many long years, might really have been completely destroyed here.

No intact egg could survive beneath a toppled nest. Dragged down by his artifact forging process, the Jade Sea Martial Saint Song Wuliang, heavily injured, would also have perished here.

Meanwhile, Yuan Zhengfeng having rushed over with the Clear Qi Robe, temporarily obstructing the Flame Devil King Jing Zheng, it was actually also the same.

However, what was different was that with the help of his Sacred Artifact, the Clear Qi Robe, Yan Zhaoge had risked it all and finally managed to successfully birth the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword.

With Song Wuliang entering the battle with the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword, the battle situation instantly reversed, defeat turning into victory.

“However, it also seems like it was because of me that the Sacred Sun Clan lost the Great Sun Heaven Measuring Ruler,” As Yan Zhaoge suddenly thought of this, he couldn’t help but smile.

Within the sky, currently in a bitter struggle for survival against Yuan Zhengfeng, Cheng Huang lowered his gaze, seemingly looking for something in Jade Sea City down below.

Yan Zhaoge did not evade his gaze as he just hovered peacefully in mid-air, meeting Cheng Huang’s gaze straight on.

Cheng Huang’s eyeballs bulged as he let out a great roar that shook the heavens, erupting with his final vestiges of power, wanting to break free from Yuan Zhengfeng’s hands, rushing straight towards Yan Zhaoge.

However, he was fated to only be able to think about it. He would not be a match for Yuan Zhengfeng even if he did not have the Clear Qi Robe on him. Currently, with Yuan Zhengfeng bolstered by the Clear Qi Robe, Cheng Huang was even more hard pressed to stand against him.

This Flame Devil King was only able to glare furiously at Yan Zhaoge, his gaze as though wanting to devour him.

Yan Zhaoge smiled as he looked at Cheng Huang, waving to him as though in greeting.

Seeing this, Cheng Huang was enraged to the point of his soul nearly shooting out from his body.

Yan Zhaoge, however, was in a rather good mood. Having finished waving, he no longer looked at that Flame Devil King, instead placing his attention on himself.

While it would require quite a lot of materials, the lost Internal Crystal Furnace could still be reforged. Yan Zhaoge did not mind this.

What he minded was that in having helped Jade Sea City to forge the Sacred Artifact just now, as the power of the grand formation had surged in reverse, converging towards the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword, located at the core of the formation, he had been nourished greatly by it as well.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge could clearly feel spiritual force surging madly within his body!