Chapter 386: There Are Always More Plans Than Difficulties

HSSB386: There are always more plans than difficulties

Infinite Boundless Mountain’s Chief, the ‘Northern Peak Towering Sky’ Chu Yan, had not come to the seas with his Sacred Artifact, the Heaven Cleaving Axe.

After all, all the other peak experts of the human race other than him were all currently gathered in a great battle with the Flame Devils on the East Sea.

If abnormalities were to occur elsewhere now, such as in the Earth Domain, the Eight Extremities World would be hard pressed to react to it in time.

After the leaders of the Sacred Grounds had communed on this, Chu Yan had become the final reserve force, sitting over the inner mainland.

If the battle over the seas intensified further, Chu Yan would be able to flexibly come to assist as needed.

With Chu Yan yet to reach the Martial Saint realm, while he possessed the Sacred Artifact, the Heaven Cleaving Axe, it would be extremely difficult for him to break through the guardian grand formations of the Sacred Sun Clan or the Heavenly Thunder Hall with his own power.

This way, the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall would not have to worry about the safety of their own backyard.

Leaning backwards on a wall of the vessel, after some pondering, Yan Zhaoge suddenly asked Ah Hu, “Other than the Hall Lord Shen Li, have others of the Heavenly Thunder Hall come over as well?”

Ah Hu said, “I heard that some longtime Elders of their Hall came to the East Sea.”

Yan Zhaoge seemed to be thinking about something, “Did anyone of their younger generation come?”

“Not that I currently know of,” Ah Hu replied, “Even if it were for tempering, I estimate they would only send people over after the situation has stabilised?”

Ah Hu looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Xie Ziyi having died, Yan Shan still in seclusion working on using the sword with his left hand, the most available younger generation disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Hall now should be that Lin Zhou?”

“Speaking of which, he has actually reached the Martial Grandmaster realm as well. Counting by age, he is even younger than the Sacred Sun Clan’s Tang Yonghao and our Broad Creed Mountain’s Brother Fei.”

In the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains, travelling alongside Yan Zhaoge, Ah Hu had also met Lin Zhou once more.

Yan Zhaoge took out Heaven Shocker, gently plucking its bowstring, feeling the surging power of thunderbolts within, “Pay attention to this. If that person appears on the East Sea, inform me.”

“Yes, Young Master,” Ah Hu directly agreed, not thinking more on it.

During the great tribulation of Broad Creed Mountain, Lin Tianfeng and the others had attempted to stage a robbery amidst the inferno, joining hands with the Sacred Sun Clan in shaking Broad Creed Mountain’s Clear Qi Grand Formation with their Anti-Suns, nearly sending Broad Creed Mountain beyond the point of recovery.

Afterwards, Lin Tianfeng and the others had personally assaulted Broad Creed Mountain, in the end all perishing there.

Enmity as deep as the ocean also existed between Broad Creed Mountain and the Heavenly Thunder Hall.

On the Extreme Northern Snowy Plains, the two sides had engaged in conflict once more, people of the Heavenly Thunder Hall attempting to kill Yan Zhaoge and instead having suffered many casualties due to him setting off a local Ice Pith Vein.

Afterwards, when Yan Zhaoge had been saving Shi Jun and Ying Yuzhen, Lin Zhou and Black Nightmare Mountain’s Zheng Shuo had assaulted him together, ending up with Zheng Shuo being slain and Lin Zhou losing Heaven Shocker, even having been blinded by Yan Zhaoge in one eye.

If one were to make a list of who wanted Yan Zhaoge dead the most in this world, Lin Zhou could definitely be placed amongst the top few.

With Flame Devils rampaging on the East Sea now, amidst this complex situation, Ah Hu felt that Yan Zhaoge guarding against his enemies causing trouble once more was a very natural thing.

“Still, he is still greatly incomparable to Young Master,” Ah Hu said, “It is instead those Martial Grandmaster experts of the Sacred Sun Clan and the Heavenly Thunder Hall, especially ones of the Essence Talisman stage, that you should be more vigilant of, Young Master.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “It doesn’t have to be said; we must naturally be way of those people.”

He gazed into the distance, murmuring to himself, “Also, there are some people who are less conspicuous and easy to overlook, who might just pose a great threat.”

Ah Hu scratched his head.

Yan Zhaoge retracted his gaze, smiling, “To some, aren’t I just this kind of existence?”

Ah Hu gave a simple and honest smile, “That’s indeed true. Rest easy, Young Master. I will take note of this.”

Accompanied by Yuan Zhengfeng, Song Wuliang and An Qinglin having rushed over to the boundary between the region of sea about Long Ocean City and the Outer East Sea, the forces of the Eight Extremities World were completely stabilised.

With Yuan Zhengfeng, the Painting Saint, Huang Guanglie and Song Wuliang at their head, the experts of the human race even launched a fierce counterattack, sending the invading Flame Devils into retreat.

Without question, the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword became the focal point of all.

Excluding the Extreme Yin Crown whose origins were unknown, just having been coincidentally discovered, it had already been a very long time since someone of the Eight Extremities World had successfully forged a new Sacred Artifact.

With the Jade Sea Pill Heart Sword domineeringly making its debut appearance, many people were naturally left with complex feelings.

While the sword’s blade was currently targeted at the invading Flame Devil tribe, its cold, sharp edge was still paid attention to by many.

With a Sacred Artifact in hand, Jade Sea City’s strength had inevitably risen correspondingly, its significance not any lower than Broad Creed Mountain’s Yuan Zhengfeng having Transcended Mortality and entered Sainthood or Huang Guanglie having successfully improved, stepping into the second stage of the Martial Saint realm.

The Flame Devils met a great setback, beginning to gradually retreat, while the peak experts of the human race began capitalising on their advantage, pursuing them as they reclaimed their lost land.

The main battlefield shifted back to the Outer East Sea once more, most of the Flame Devils in the Inner East Sea having been slaughtered.

The human martial practitioners began unceasingly eliminating the remaining Flame Devils in the Inner East Sea.

The younger generation disciples of the various Sacred Grounds were given permission to participate in the battle. While they did not go near the main battlefield, the task of exterminating the remaining Flame Devils was perfectly suited for tempering them.

After the Jade Sea City martial practitioners had basically stabilised the situation over on East Dragon Island, as the ruler of this Domain, they became the main force for this exterminating mission.

After sending Sikong Qing over to Fu Enshu, Yan Zhaoge immediately took his leave.

While he had warned Sikong Qing against taking solitary action, lest it accidentally affect the entire situation, Yan Zhaoge himself was of no mind to abide by this.

Whether it was Fu Enshu or Sikong Qing herself, neither of them found any problem with this.

It had already been sufficiently proven over countless times that as Yan Zhaoge moved alone, not only did he not cause trouble, he even often brought about some unexpected gains.

Yan Zhaoge’s target naturally wasn’t the remaining Flame Devils within the Inner East Sea.

On the Outer East Sea, Yan Zhaoge did not use modes of transportation like the vessel Jade Sea City had given him, also not sitting on Pan-Pan or walking through the air or over the waves.

Yan Zhaoge’s entire person was currently submerged fully within the waters of the sea.

Ah Hu and Pan-Pan followed curiously beside him.

After a long while, Yan Zhaoge’s figure arose from within the water as he appraised their surroundings, “After the rampaging of the Flame Devils, the spiritual qi in the sea here has become very thin ah.”

Ah Hu asked curiously, “Young Master, what do you want to do ah?”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Oh, I wish to try something.”

Ah Hu could not get his mind around it, “How?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I want to find a Great Flame Devil.”

Ah Hu instantly coughed intensely, “Young…Young Master, Great Flame Devils are at the very least equivalent to us humans who are at the seventh level of the Martial Grandmaster realm, at the early Essence Talisman stage ah.”

While Yan Zhaoge possessed Heaven Shocker and also Devil Shattering Ice Talismans and that dark red ring which could restrict the Flame Devils, the prospect of dealing with a Great Flame Devil still let Ah Hu choking for a bit.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “We don’t definitely have to kill him, or even clash with him. I just want to find a live Great Flame Devil in its peak state in order to confirm some things.”

Ah Hu’s face was bitter, “This is also very difficult ah, especially when Young Master is very possibly already a great thorn in the Flame Devils’ flesh.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, waving his hands, “That’s precisely why I am thinking of a plan ah. It’s said that there are always more plans than difficulties, anyway.”