Chapter 1808: What’S Between The Lines At Eight Hundred Years Ago

Chapter 1808: What’s Between the Lines at Eight Hundred Years Ago

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord finally left, and the Monkey kept his eyes on him.

Both the Primordial Heavenly Devil and Maitreya Buddha withdrew.

At this point, the overall situation of the Immortal Court battle had been set. There would be hardly any new changes.

Yan Zhaoge turned around and looked at the debris behind him. The remains of Immortal Court gradually dissipated like a cloud.

The figures of Ne Zha and Taiyi Cultivated Deity appeared beside him. The crowd was filled with emotion, and they couldn’t hide their joy.

“Let’s go.” Yan Zhaoge led the group, traveled through time and space, and returned to Daoism’s universe.

Yan Zhaoge utilized the eighteen Sea Suppressing Pearls to establish eighteen universes, in which he could place many people from the Immortal Court who had been purified from the treasured light imbued with faith power.

Over time, this place would be another prosperous world, and it would also be the solid foundation of orthodox Daoism.

The North Star Emperor also placed World beyond Worlds in his Grand Sovereign Apricot Great Heaven.

At this point, the Daoism lineage had finally truly restored the thriving scene before the Great Calamity.

The folks were gratified upon witnessing it unfolding.

Long Xingquan asked Yan Zhaoge about World beyond Worlds. After listening to Yan Zhaoge, he entered a brief silence.

“Perhaps it was the dark years before the worlds such as World beyond Worlds and Roving Jade Heavens were opened, and the dark years of wandering and losing someone day and night overwhelmed Brother Jiang.” After a long time, Long Xingquan sighed softly, “It’s hard to find a foothold. Thus, he cherished it so much.”

“To endure humiliation and to bear heavy burdens even though it’s not as difficult and dangerous as in the past, there is no hope,” said Gao Qingxuan quietly.

“It’s all thanks to Fellow Daoist Shao looking for Pill Hall, Yin Tianxia and Hu Yuexin seizing the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment, Zhaoge’s assistance on the Great Sage Equalling Heavens to get out of trouble, Fellow Daoist Yan and junior sister to protect the ancient sword, the Daoism folks in acquiring Immortal Extermination Formation, and the Great Sage Equalling Heavens attaining Dao Realm. Otherwise, we, including Jiang Shen, will never see the day our comrades set things right and destroy the heretics.”

She shook her head slightly, “Laying the hopes on Heavenly Lord attaining Daoism isn’t so easy. The demon race and Western Pure Lands have the same thoughts. If our generation doesn’t work hard, how can we compete with them?”

“His greatest hope lies in the Elder Lord. However, the Elder Lord only likes to mess with other plans but never laid a game of chess on his own.” Everyone figured out that Yan Zhaoge was related to the Supreme Elder Lord.

They also realized that the Monkey’s escape and attainment in Dao Realm were related to the Elder Lord.

But the question was that the Supreme Elder Lord did not really care whether Yan Zhaoge helped the monkey.

If Zhaoge did not help, what followed later would not have happened. However, it was also possible for the Supreme Elder Lord to correct it and arrange for other people to help the Monkey.

But probably not also.

When the opportunity slipped away, it could be permanently gone.

At that time, the Supreme Elder Lord might not take action in the Nine Underworlds’ situation.

For this reason, the Monkey owed the Supreme Elder Lord’s favor and Yan Zhaoge’s favor and would not attribute everything to the Supreme Elder Lord’s arrangement.

The Supreme Elder Lord would do as he pleased, act along the flow, doing nothing but capable of doing anything. That was the Supreme Elder Lord.

Of course, it was distressing the Daoism folks.

“The deceased has gone. Let’s not talk about it anymore. Although I have different ideas, I am also grateful for Daoism Jiang’s willingness to try his best to leave a chance for Daoism to survive over the years.” Long Xingquan said, “Brother Jiang died with a smile, and it was worth it.”

Gao Qingxuan nodded slightly and said no more.

Feng Yunsheng appeared and nodded to Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge understood what she meant.

She had established a connection to Gao Han.

Yan Zhaoge once said that after the Immortal Court battle, he wanted to chat with Gao Han.

While Feng Yunsheng stayed in Daoism’s universe, she tried to contact Gao Han.

“I will pay tribute to my ancestors first.” Yan Zhaoge said to Feng Yunsheng.

Feng Yunsheng returned to Sky beyond Skies with him to Bright Connection Valley, where he saw Xue Chuqing standing in front of the Canghua Heavenly Tree transformed by the remains of Bright Connection Emperor Hu Yuexin.

Xue Chuqing turned her head, saw Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng coming in, smiled, and said, “Welcome back.”

She had also received the news previously.

Yan Zhaoge’s couple duo came to her side, tapped their fingers, and a small halo appeared, hanging in front of the Canghua Heavenly Tree.

The light wheel became larger, turning into a black iron wheel with twelve holes.

The Dim Radiant Wheel turned slowly, and the faint blue flowers on the Canghua Heavenly Tree were in full bloom. A soothing sound came out of nowhere with the tree leaves swaying as if there were a silent song ringing.

The brilliance in the twelve holes on the black iron wheel went out, and it flew up to the Canghua Heavenly Tree and hung on the top of a branch.

Like an eternal picture, the tree and the wheel gathered together quietly like this.

Yan Zhaoge, along with Xue Chuqing and Feng Yunsheng, paid their respect to the Dim Radiant Wheel and Canghua Heavenly Tree together.

After paying homage to Yin Tianxia and Hu Yuexin, Yan Zhaoge and Xue Chuqing sat in Bright Connection Valley for a while before leaving.

Their mind moved, soared through the void, exited Sky beyond Skies, left Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, and soon appeared in the vast cosmic void.

After a while, a man in white appeared in sight. It was the Exalted Solar Luminary, Gao Han.

Gao Han and Ling Qing had always been close to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

In the Nine Underworlds game, Yan Zhaoge had a conflict with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor. As the two sides met again, it was not as embarrassing as the past.

When Gao Han saw Yan Zhaoge, he first cupped his hand, “Thank you, Fellow Daoist Yan, for exterminating the Immortal Court, exterminating the heretics, and helping orthodox Daoism.”

When Yan Zhaoge made an uproar at Immortal Court with the Golden Body of the Great Sage, Gao Han tried to dissuade him.

However, at this moment, he paid respect to Yan Zhaoge solemnly, with an unprecedented, serious look, “Looking back on the Great Calamity in the past, seeing what unfolds today is a relief in my life.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at him quietly, “Daoist Brother, you’re over courteous. As you said, we’re also from the Daoism lineage.”

“But I haven’t congratulated Daoist Brother Gao yet, attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm, ubiquitous and immortal.”

Feng Yunsheng on the side also assessed Gao Han up and down and said, “Congratulations to Daoist Brother for landing in the Grand Heavenly Realm, being ubiquitous and immortal.”

Gao Han had also achieved Five Qis Unification, Three Flowers Converged Crown and the Grand Heavenly Immortal.

After Suo Mingzhang and Jiang Shen in the heretic path, World beyond Worlds’ New Nine Luminaries of Kunlun in the past had the third Grand Heavenly Immortal.

After the Great Calamity, he was the orthodox Daoism’s fifth Grand Heavenly Immortal after Suo Mingzhang, Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge, and Yan Di.

“I have to thank you both for our Daoism’s flourishment, allowing my attainment today,” thanked Gao Han.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Gao Han quietly, “It’s easier to get in touch with Brother Gao now. Since Brother Gao is willing to come and meet me, Brother Tao was hinting at something else 800 years ago, right?”

When Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng married in the past, what Gao Han said when congratulating them sounded like small talk. However, Yan Zhaoge noticed something was amiss at that time.

Since he had some conjectures about the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s actions, he grew even more suspicious than what Gao Han said in the past.

Thus, there was a meet-up today.

Yan Zhaoge skipped the pleasantries and asked directly, “I wonder what’s the intention of Brother Gao’s words back then?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.