Chapter 1806: Blessing Rain’S Cleansing On The Faith Power

Chapter 1806: Blessing Rain’s Cleansing On The Faith Power

Yan Zhaoge had the universe under his grasp. He altered time and space, displayed his heavenly might, and stored World beyond Worlds in a cluster of Clear Qi.

Clear Qi floated aside. The six stars flashed in the void, with the North Star Emperor’s figure appearing.

The assault on the Immortal Court had summoned the North Star Emperor to the front line.

After taking over the Clear Qi cluster, he cupped his hands to Yan Zhaoge.

The two looked back at the shattered Immortal Court together. Soon, the scene of the calamity that befallen Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past resurfaced in their mind.

After a while, Yan Zhaoge’s expression moved slightly. He felt his arrangement in the Sky beyond Skies being affected.

The situation of Meng Wan, Fu Ting, He Xixing, and the rest had become unstable.

Yan Zhaoge looked up at the endless heights above the void.

There, the Golden Cudgel stopped the white jade door, stopping it from intervening amidst the disintegration of the Immortal Court below.

However, faint jade lights flickered from the white jade door, spreading outwards.

At this time, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord finally tried to awaken the “seed” buried in the hearts of Meng Wan, Fu Ting, and the rest.

“It’s half a beat later than I expected. What’s the reason?” Yan Zhaoge thought in his heart. Still, he did not slow down his plan. Instead, the qi above his head rose and turned into a baldachin.

The baldachin rotated, and Clear Qi hung down from it.

At this moment, this baldachin seemed so huge that it enveloped the worlds.

The top of the baldachin was about to touch that place above the void.

The jade light scattered from the endless heights fell on the baldachin, and the Clear Qi on the baldachin broke. However, the baldachin itself still managed to stop the light in the end.

The monkeys were fighting against the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. Yan Zhaoge had no pressure at the moment, so he had time to study it.

“Rise!” Yan Zhaoge took out the Mutton-fat Jade Bottle and poured the blessing rain out of it onto his baldachin.

The rain, majestic and vast as the Starry River, turned into water droplets after being squeezed in the middle by the baldachin and jade light.

These water droplets spun around on the baldachin, merging the jade light with Clear Qi.

Yan Zhaoge set foot in the universe. He went straight back to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, back to Sky beyond Skies.

The droplets of rain and dew on the baldachin fell into Sky beyond Skies. It appeared as if they had come to life, passing through Meng Wan, Fu Ting, He Xixing, and the rest.

They were initially confused and lethargic, but now they felt refreshed and clear-minded.

Everyone could vaguely feel something in the depths of their hearts had gone.

That invisible seed disappeared.

On the Red Lotus Cliff, Fu Yunchi, who was guarding Meng Wan’s group, was overjoyed and solemnly bowed to the rain.

As the rain passed, it eliminated the hidden dangers laid deep within everyone. Soon, the rain returned to the baldachin above Yan Zhaoge’s head.

Then, Yan Zhaoge returned to the Immortal Court territory again.

The Heavenly Palace was annihilated. The Three Thousand Immortal Territories were separated, and the worlds were scattered in the void.

Many Daoism masters such as Xu Fei, Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, Yue Zhenbei, and the rest had already discussed properly, divided their regions, and took over the thousands of worlds previously ruled by the Immortal Court.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were also eager to gain access to the Immortal Court’s territory and its large population.

However, Daoism’s universe was a strong deterrence. The Buddhas in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus dared not act rashly.

Even though the Monkey was occupied in the fight with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, orthodox Daoism still had the Immortal Extermination Formation at disposal.

The Future Buddha had to keep the Primordial Heavenly Devil occupied and did not come.

For him, the destruction of the Immortal Court and the eradication of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s faith were already a great victory.

Even if the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord could rebuild the Immortal Court, the tens of thousands of years of hard work had been eradicated. It would be tough to catch up with the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Yan Zhaoge came to the worlds of Immortal Court. The baldachin above his head disappeared, and that blessing rain turned into edgeless rain in the cosmic void.

Every world here was bathed in the blessing rain.

Under the drizzle, the treasured light imbued with faith power in every world had dimmed.

Before that, Wang Guan and Yan Zhaoge’s revelation about the practice of heretics had already stirred chaos in the Immortal Court’s foundation.

At this moment, most people were at a loss as the rain passed by.

Soon, everyone discovered that the majority of the treasured light imbued with faith power that originated from the trillions of people in the world was drowned out by this blessing rain!

Ordinary mortals could not perceive this scene. They only feel a sense of loss in their hearts. At the same time, their minds seemed to be clear and relaxed, but they were more at a loss.

Those with cultivation, especially the Immortal Court’s martial art practitioner with a slightly higher cultivation realm, were horrified.

The mortal world’s incense offering to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was forcibly cut off!

The mortals were terrified by the changes. They habitually recited the name of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to seek blessings.

However, such behaviors could not gather faith power at the moment.

Such a scene immediately caused another uproar among the Immortal Court martial art practitioners, who were already in a state of confusion.

The Immortal Court powerhouses who had overcome the Immortal Door were eradicated.

For the remnants, the highest cultivation was limited to the peak of the Martial Saint Realm, the Human Exalt realm.

It was also the bottom line set by the Immortal Court to those who follow the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and enjoy the benefits of faith power.

At this moment, they could feel their weakening faith had disappeared quickly!

This time, it was not the weakening in terms of quality but the rapid collapse of quantity.

The stronger the person, the more faith he would offer.

The worldly mortals were the weakest, yet the number of worldly mortals far exceeded that of the martial art practitioners.

With the Immortal Court destroyed, the heretics fell. As the rain fell, the treasure light was cleansed.

Those Immortal Court Exalt at Martial Saint Realm became restless.

Under the watch of Daoism powerhouses such as Xu Fei, Gao Qingxuan, Yue Zhenbei, and the rest, how could these Immortal Courtmartial art practitioners turn the tide? They were immediately wiped out.

The blessing rain cleansed the mortals. Xu Fei’s group quickly separated the surviving Immortal Court’s martial art practitioners from the mortals.

One after another martial arts sects were uprooted and isolated.

Thousands of worlds had turned into independent and peaceful worlds.

Although there was still the legacy of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, orthodox Daoism would make adjustments slowly.

Subsequent lingering influences would take time and natural population changes to eradicate.

Of course, there were difficulties with it. However, it was a good start, and the future was promising.

Yue Zhenbei was reminded of Yan Xintang. On the other hand, Gao Qingxuan thought of Di Qinglian, Vine Sovereign, Tai Sovereign, and the rest. They recalled the dark age when orthodox Daoism descendants were persecuted and slaughtered because of the heretics. Compared with the scene in front of them, they couldn’t help but feel melancholy and gratified at the same time.

When the Buddhas of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus saw the scene of the pouring rain, their faces changed.

The jade door above the void was interrupted by the Golden Cudgel. It could only sit back and watch everything happen.

There was no emotion in the white jade door.

The dust had settled.

After a brief silence, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord did not stay any longer. The white jade door gradually drifted away.

However, the Monkey did not intend to stop.

Golden Cudgel chased after him, keeping a close pursuit at the white jade door. Both disappeared from this piece of universe together.

In the Western Pure Lands, Buddhist Bhantes such as Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva watched this scene from a distance across the void and sighed in unison.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.