Chapter 1801: Taking Revenge Personally

Chapter 1801: Taking Revenge Personally

Even though Yan Zhaoge described it leisurely, the matter of visiting the Immortal Court was not an easy matter.

As Yan Zhaoge was occupied in thoughts, he appeared near the Immortal Court territory.

Looking at the Three Thousand Immortal Territories and the Immortal Court Heavenly Palace above the countless worlds, a playful smile appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s face.

The last time he entered this place was to kill He Mian and make a scene in the Heavenly Palace with the Great Sage’s Golden Body.

After stirring up the place, Yan Zhaoge escaped immediately. More than a thousand years had passed since then.

At this moment, he set foot at this place again.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head slightly. A white jade door loomed in the endless heights above the ethereal Immortal Court Heavenly Palace.

However, a Golden Cudgel was standing in front of the jade door.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge lowered his eyes and stepped into the Immortal Court territory.

The immortal worlds were thriving right now.

Countless Immortal Court powerhouses were gearing up, seemingly ready for a grand plan.

Previously, Sword Buddha Qu Su had perished. With the Buddha only second to Future Buddha Maitreya gone, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had no way to contend against the Grand Heavenly Immortals from the Immortal Court.

Initially, the Immortal Court was short of manpower. However, with the power balance of the higher rankings tilted, the Immortal Court made a comeback, showing signs of turning the previous defeat into victory. Over the years, the Immortal Court managed to face the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus with great confidence.

In the just-concluded Nine Underworlds game, Maitreya Buddha suffered another loss.

The two heretics compete to illuminate the Nine Underworlds devils. In the end, the Immortal Court had the upper hand and acquired much more gains through the event.

Thus, the Immortal Court was filled with talents.

Yan Zhaoge glanced over and noticed many strange-looking beings that were not humanoid.

There were countless cultivators below the Immortal Realm. They were definitely out of the picture. However, there was still an abundance of cultivators in the Immortal Realm.

Even though these cultivators changed their appearance, vicious air still lingered. It was obvious that they were all the Great Devils in the Nine Underworlds in the past.

But now, these Great Devils had all their devilish qi gone. Instead, there was abundant treasured light imbued with faith power flashing in them.

The light straight into the sky, as if gathering towards the white jade door.

For heretics, falling into the devil’s path was one of the limited ways to escape from their original heretic path.

Conversely, the Great Devil might also be illuminated by heretics, offering faith power to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord or the Future Buddha.

With the blessing of the faith power, Immortal Court had many powerhouses and a large population.

However, the original population of the Immortal Court’s Three Thousand Immortal Territories was saturated. Consequently, there was limited faith power to enshrine the mighty heretic powerhouses besides the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

The Immortal Court had to expand its territory to feed these new populations.

Otherwise, it would shrink down the living space of the Immortal Court’s aboriginals.

It should be fine for a short time, but if it caused unrest for a long time, it might shake the people’s faith in the Immortal Court.

The heretics had to work on this issue.

Thus, the Immortal Court was in high spirits. They not only wanted to trouble their old rival Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, but also intended to march into the newly established worlds.

Yan Zhaoge looked at this scene with a sigh.

“Wang Guan, Lu Yue, Yin Jiao…” He shook his head, “The people at the lower rankings don’t know, but you should know what the ending of the Nine Underworlds battle means.”

In the ethereal Immortal Palace above the Three Thousand Immortal Territories, the Immortal Court Grand Heavenly Immortals like Epidemic Welkin Emperor Lu Yue and Stationary Year Tai Sui Heavenly Lord Yin Jiao were solemn, silently looking at Yan Zhaoge.

In the Nine Underworlds’ game, the Monkey had recovered his Grand Heavenly Realm via Daoism’s path and became Dao Ancestor.

In terms of the demon races faction, the Monkey would be considerate of the ancestral relationship. Still, orthodox Daoism was equivalent to having the second Dao Ancestor leading against other forces besides the Supreme Elder Lord. The Monkey was a Dao Realm bigwig who could intervene at any moment.

The balance of power between orthodox Daoism and heretics had reversed.

It was a reckoning to set things right, and it was bound to unfold!

Lu Yue, Yin Jiao, Wang Guan, and other Immortal Court Heavenly Lords who knew the details had anticipated the arrival of this day.

However, they could not reveal it to the people below.

Doubt and panic might shake the foundations of the Immortal Court.

When the time comes, the Immortal Court would be in chaos on its own without Yan Zhaoge’s group evoking a war.

Thus, the Immortal Court was in a thriving scene when Yan Zhaoge came here.

Many in the Immortal Court’s cultivators were in the dark about this matter.

They only knew that the Nine Underworlds were eradicated.

At the same time, they only saw many Great Devils being illuminated, and the Immortal Court was getting stronger.

Then, they were informed the evils in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were in a worse state than theirs and that the Future Buddha had suffered a loss.

As such, the Immortal Court was stronger now against the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

These were all facts, and none of them were deceived.

Therefore, everyone was celebrating, confident in delivering a fatal blow to the evils of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

However, there were many more things they were hidden from.

Thus, the absurd joyous scene unfolded in front of Yan Zhaoge.

When Yan Zhaoge’s voice sounded in the Immortal Court, the first reaction of most people in the Immortal Court was stunned.

Before they could react, Yan Zhaoge stepped into the cosmic void and advanced.

As he advanced, the Immortal Court was stirred into turmoil!

Three Thousand Immortal Territories drifted away, along with Yan Zhaoge’s footsteps. They were separated from the Immortal Court Heavenly Palace.

The Immortal Court composed of many Immortal Worlds disintegrated, presenting the scene of their world being fragmented.

Above the void, the Golden Cudgel held the white jade door, preventing it from descending into this world.

Yan Zhaoge walked among the Immortal Domains. His steps were neither hurried nor slow as he scanned around his surroundings.

He sent his palm up, facing the sky. A small light spot emerged, which gradually expanded, like the sun appearing in the sky.

The light group was not glaring. Instead, it appeared a little dim and unpredictable. It was blurred as if its intensity was in the middle ground between light and darkness.

Among them, a massive iron wheel with twelve holes spun quietly.

The iron wheel rose. Half of it was filled with brilliance, while the other half was dim. A boundary to divide the light and darkness seemed to have emerged. Then, the boundary melted into the wheel, imbuing it with intricate properties.

In the twelve holes on the wheel, unpredictable light rays flashed.

It was the Immortal Artifact, Dim Radiant Wheel, crafted from the remains of Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia.

Looking at the Dim Radiant Wheel, cultivators in the Immortal Court were stunned. Then, they quickly remembered something, and their faces changed abruptly.

In the Immortal Court, the light wheel vibrated slightly as if it had come to life.

Yan Zhaoge reached out his finger and tapped it lightly. A few light streams were sent out from the light wheel.

Several heretics in the Immortal Court were immediately shrouded in light. They were rather conspicuous in the vast universe.

“I recalled there are still five people who besieged Daoism ancestor, Dim Radiant Yin.” Yan Zhaoge glanced at the five people picked out by the light streamers.

These five people had varying cultivation strengths, including Grand Virtual Immortal and Tranquil Profound Immortal.

More than two thousand years had passed since Yin Tianxia had perished.

Among those who participated in the war in the past, some surviving members were stagnant in their cultivation, while others had grown in cultivation.

As Yan Zhaoge waved his hand, the five of them were sent to him from the vast Immortal Domain.

“Immortal Court shall become history today,” said Yan Zhaoge. He reached out and grabbed the Dim Radiant Wheel, then smashed it on the skull of the person in front of him!

“Let’s start the party from Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia’s revenge.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.