Chapter 1805: Eliminate The Heretics, Exalt The Clear Lineages

Chapter 1805: Eliminate the Heretics, Exalt the Clear Lineages

“Little Friend Yan, how have you been?” Jiang Shen looked at Yan Zhaoge. His tone was calm and indifferent, “I think this is the last time you and I will see each other, so please don’t mind me addressing you like my junior generation.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at him and asked, “I wonder what happened to the other people who stayed in World beyond Worlds in the past?”

“Only I took the faith in the Immortal Court, and the rest are safe and sound.” Jiang Shen smiled warmly, “If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord gets rid of you, the World beyond Worlds branch of the Three Clears Lineages can continue on.”

No one could guarantee that the Three Clears Patriarch would return to this world or not.

There was also the Supreme Elder Lord’s deterrence. It was impossible to understand the Supreme Elder Lord’s mind who was secluded from worldly affairs, and the other faction still had to pay close attention to this Supreme Existence.

Therefore, no one would attempt to eliminate the Daoism Lineage. At best, they would continue to suppress and weaken the lineage.

Compared with Sky beyond Skies, which had always been at odds with the heretics and had undergone tremendous development, World beyond Worlds was naturally easier to control and accept for Immortal Court.

The Immortal Court annexed World beyond Worlds in the past. Besides taking revenge on Daoism, it was more so to stabilize their faith power so as not to shake the majesty of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord because of the Golden Body of the Great Sage’s uproar in the Immortal Court.

The symbolic meaning was more significant than the actual benefit.

However, there were exceptions to this, namely Jiang Shen of Grand Virtual Realm.

After illuminating Jiang Shen, who was already Grand Virtual Immortal, Immortal Court had great hope to add a Grand Heavenly Immortal into their rank in a short time.

Of course, the Immortal Court desperately needed to boost its numbers.

“Besides that, the Immortal Court had taken away some talented people from World beyond Worlds over the years.” Jiang Shen looked regretful.

“So, there is still a new population and wealth?” Yan Zhaoge asked.

Jiang Shen nodded and sighed, “You’re right.”

“It’s as expected. You’re at the Immortal Court’s mercy,” commented Yan Zhaoge.

Jiang Shen nodded, then shook his head again, “Having Little Friend Yan acquiring the Immortal Extermination Formation and winning the Nine Underworlds game, it’s a blessing for the Three Clear Lineages.”

“But what if you lose?” The old man gave Yan Zhaoge a deep look, “Even if we’re living in a sorry state and at the mercy of others, the Three Clear Lineages will survive. Even if we have to endure humiliation, others will do the same thing to keep the lineage surviving aside from the World beyond Worlds. “

He looked at the disintegrating Immortal Court in front of him and at the Heavenly Palace, which had turned into ruins, “However, you have succeeded. I have no regrets after witnessing the scene in front of me in my lifetime.”

The treasured light imbued with faith power pulsating within him became unstable.

Jiang Shen looked peaceful and calm.

What was shaken was the faith power offered to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, but not himself.

“Still, we’re on a different dao.” Yan Zhaoge said lightly, “I can trust your intention to protect the next generation of orthodox Daoism, but you and I have different dao. I’m afraid I have to disagree with many of your decisions.”

“But, since it has come to this, there’s nothing else to say. What is Daoist Brother Jiang going to do next?”

Once a cultivator joined the heretics, it was hard to return from it.

Yan Zhaoge intended to solve the problems lingering in Meng Wan, Fu Ting, He Xixing, and others because they were not illuminated yet.

There seemed to be no way around people who had already joined heretics.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was still alive. Eradicating Wang Guan, Lu Yue, Jiang Shen, and others would only take a split second.

The old man looked at the dilapidated Immortal Court with a smile, “I have my final wish fulfilled. There’s nothing to regret about.”

Jiang Shen closed his eyes. The treasured light imbued with faith power that was unstable in his body suddenly stabilized and then dimmed.

In the next instant, it exploded again, blazingly dazzling.

The treasured light imbued with faith power turned into a rainbow, flew through the sky, and disappeared instantly. It appeared like the last sunset of the Immortal Court.

Yan Zhaoge watched Jiang Shen turn into a rainbow and perish calmly.

At the same time, his figure appeared at the end of the rainbow, which Jiang Shen transformed.

The time and space there were reversed. It seemed another universe was hidden in it.

There was a world inside, running on its own. There was no treasured light imbued with faith power, seemingly like a paradise in the Immortal Court.

That was the World beyond Worlds in the past.

Yan Zhaoge threw a gaze over which penetrated the barrier of time and space, given his cultivation strength.

The mountains and rivers of World beyond Worlds entered his eyes once again.

Although he split the world back then, the remaining part looked familiar.

Thousands of years had passed. Things remained the same, but the people had changed. However, Yan Zhaoge still got to see some acquaintances.

He saw the Encompassing Emperor Li Jun, who had become Tranquil Profound Immortal, the Heaven Emperor Qian Yuanzi, and the original World beyond Worlds Northwestern Exalt — Lian Zulin, who had overcome the Immortal Door in terms of cultivation.

Dwellers in World beyond Worlds saw Clear Qis emerge in the sky.

It appeared to be a Grand Heavenly Realm existence that the mortals could not comprehend and stared at for a long time.

Times brought changes to the world. At this moment, Yan Zhaoge did not intend to manifest himself despite this place leaving a deep impression on him.

Clear Qi ushered the World beyond Worlds, relocating it and sending it off from the Immortal Court.

Except for a few people such as Li Jun, Qian Yuanzi, and Lian Zulin, the vast majority of martial art practitioners might not even know that they once fell under the control of the Immortal Court, nor do they know that the Immortal Court was brought to ruins.

Sure enough, the mortals were not worth mentioning in the big picture.

Although it was difficult for Li Jun’s group to see Yan Zhaoge, they naturally knew that the person who took them out of the Immortal Court was not the Immortal Court Heavenly Lord possessing treasured light imbued with faith power. Instead, they were aware that it was the Grand Heavenly Immortal who came from the orthodoxy Daoism lineage.

The situation was still unclear, but the current event showed that the circumstances had changed.

In addition to the worries brought about by the unknown, everyone was in a complicated mood. They were excited and joyful, but they had mixed feelings in their heart.

The mysterious syllables echoed in World beyond Worlds at this time, and their meaning was incomprehensible.

However, Li Jun’s group could vaguely understand the meaning behind it.

More precisely, those were like thoughts that surfaced from the depths of their souls instead of just comprehending them.

“Today, orthodox Daoism has eliminated the heretics and exalted the Clear Lineages. Our brethren who share the same dao, let’s go back home together.” The World beyond Worlds’ dwellers widened their eyes.

They looked at each other with their lips moved, but no one made a sound. Everyone went into complete silence.

This statement confirmed their previous speculation. Their long-awaited wish had finally come true, but it had left everyone at a loss.

Then, there was ecstasy.

Li Jun and others went out of World beyond Worlds together, and Clear Qi surrounded them.

Looking back, they could see that the Immortal Court’s ten thousand worlds were scattered and fragmented in the vast universe.

The once majestic Heavenly Palace had collapsed, leaving only a few ruins. At the same time, the disintegration process ensued, with many of the worlds turning into ashes.

On the ruins of the Immortal Court, death and resentment lingered in the air and seemingly condensed into substance.

Even Li Jun, who had already reached the Tranquil Profound Immortal realm, felt suffocated from a distance in the face of the air of death and resentment at this caliber.

Those in it would most likely have their mind collapsed.

The numbers of heretic victims were superb. Hundreds of Grand Heavenly Immortals, Grand Virtual Immortals, and thousands of Tranquil Profound Immortal and True Immortal perished, giving birth to monstrous qi composed of death and resentment.

Not only did the Immortal Court Heavenly Palace collapse, but the heretics withered and died.

Everyone in the World beyond Worlds stared blankly at the shocking scene in front of them.

When they returned to their senses, Li Jun and the others knelt to the sky.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.