Chapter 1809: The Three Chess Pieces

Chapter 1809: The Three Chess Pieces

When Gao Han attended Yan Zhaoge’s wedding 800 years ago, he seemed to have accidentally mentioned Eight Extremities World.

Since then, Yan Zhaoge had been suspicious.

Indeed, Gao Han once lived in seclusion in the Eight Extremities World. In the end, he utilized the Extreme Yang Seal as the foundation to break through his limit.

Strictly speaking, Yan Zhaoge had never interacted with him face to face in the Eight Extremities World.

When the two were in touch, they were already at World beyond Worlds.

If it was someone else, Yan Zhaoge might not overthink it. However, since it was Gao Han, he naturally paid more attention to it.

In the face of Yan Zhaoge’s straightforward question, Gao Han showed no surprise, “Since you have said that, you must have noticed something?”

“That’s right.” Yan Zhaoge nodded and looked into Gao Han’s eyes, “I guess that you and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor were paying attention to me as early as when I was still in the lower world of the Eight Extremities World, right? “

Gao Han, who liked to leave riddles and disguises, stopped making it mysterious this time.

He smiled slightly, “Fellow Daoist, you have guessed it right.”

At this time, Gao Han seemed to have gotten a little emotional, “Back then, I was curious why Southern Extremity Emperor is so captivated by your performance.”

“However, looking back later, you are extraordinary.” He looked at Yan Zhaoge and smiled, “It wasn’t until you separated World beyond Worlds that I didn’t know that you might be the chess that the Elder Lord put into the chessboard.”

“Everyone thinks that is the truth.” Yan Zhaoge said lightly, “But only the Supreme Elder Lord knows the truth.”

Gao Han nodded, “Yeah.”

He looked at Yan Zhaoge and then said, after being silent for a while, “So now, looking back at what the Southern Extremity Emperor did back then, there are many unusual things that are simply inexplicable.”

Yan Zhaoge did not answer, looked at Gao Han, and waited for his explanation.

He knew that he was entering the main topic.

Gao Han secretly gave a hint when he attended Yan Zhaoge’s wedding before he attained the Grand Heavenly Realm.

In other words, Gao Han might have addressed the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor with respect.

But as early as that year, he might have other intentions and thoughts even though he was under the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Yan Zhaoge had abolished the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s Origin Heavenly Scripture cultivation previously. Even if Gao Han was still a Grand Virtual Immortal, he had no concerns over his safety.

Even if he had not attained Grand Heavenly Realm at that moment, he would still spit the truth when Yan Zhaoge invited over.

Sure enough, Gao Han’s following sentence was shocking.

“The Southern Extremity Emperor originally wanted to get rid of you.” Feng Yunsheng raised her eyebrows upon hearing that.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was as usual, “Back then, it was a piece of cake to eliminate me, given Southern Extremity’s cultivation.”

“

En

, to be more precise, he had been thinking of that all these while.” He smiled, “There’s a 50% chance that he might be worried about the Supreme Elder Lord looking into this matter. But why does Southern Extremity want to get rid of me?”

Gao Han shook his head, “This is exactly what I can’t figure out.”

“After you have abolished the three chess pieces, the Southern Extremity stopped making plans and gave up.” Gao Han’s eyes were filled with undisguised inquiry, looking at Yan Zhaoge, “Even since then, he has paid less attention to you.”

Hearing the “Three Chess Pieces”, Feng Yunsheng might not care, but Yan Zhaoge had something else flashed in his mind.

A few faces deeply ingrained in his memory came into view again.

Ye Jing, Zhao Hao, Lin Zhou…

Yan Zhaoge closed his eyes, then slowly opened them again.

“

Hehe

, I thought it was a voodoo nurturing practice. However, I never thought everything happened because of me alone.” Yan Zhaoge found it bizarre, “So that is why…”

It was already the past. Yan Zhaoge did not care about the three who died in his hands.

It was just that the peculiarity had brought him into deep thoughts.

Why does the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor want to trouble me?

Ye Jing and others were utilized to disguise his traces so as not to attract attention. Then, what was the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor worried about?

Is it the Supreme Elder Lord?

Yan Zhaoge could not think of a reason for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor to oppose the Supreme Elder Lord.

In the Nine Underworlds game, he competed with Bhikkhu Xuan Du for the chance to attain the Dao Realm; thus, it was not exactly opposing the Elder Lord.

Although the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was not sure about the specific arrangement, whether the Elder Lord would personally attend to this matter, and how, he vaguely noticed that the Elder Lord was waiting for something. Overall, Southern Extremity intended to take action along with the tide, benefiting from the Elder Lord’s participation to grant himself the opportunity to achieve Dao Realm.

He did not plan to go against the Elder Lord.

He was vaguely aware that Yan Zhaoge was related to the Elder Lord. Thus, he even secretly contributed to the momentum, trying to earn some favors.

Considering what Gao Han said, Yan Zhaoge suddenly had a new speculation as to why the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor no longer participated after Ye Jing, Zhao Hao, and Lin Zhou failed in a row.

Perhaps the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor vaguely saw that Yan Zhaoge was linked to the Supreme Elder Lord, so he stopped trying to get rid of Zhaoge.

It was not that he wanted to kill Yan Zhaoge because he was related to the Supreme Elder Lord. The situation was the opposite. It was because he realized that Zhaoge was linked to the Supreme Elder Lord, so he put out his murderous intention.

So the question came to the original point.

Previously, why did the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor laid his plan, intending to kill Yan Zhaoge without a trace?

Did the Southern Extremity discover the peculiarities at the beginning, but he was not sure where it came from? Then, to avoid interference with other arrangements, he planned to eliminate it.

Or was the target that the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor wanted to fight against was someone else?

Yan Zhaoge pondered in his heart, looked at Feng Yunsheng, and then asked Gao Han, “Where’s Zhuo Jing?”

“The remains of Rahu Saber left by Fellow Daoist Jian Shunhua are kept in the Eight Extremities World. They are passed down from generation to generation, waiting for the person who can make him return to World beyond Worlds and finally reach the Nine Underworlds.”

Gao Han replied, “As for Fellow Daoist Feng and Fellow Daoist Yan fell in love and tied the knot, neither the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor nor I had expected it.”

Feng Yunsheng’s destiny encompassed many possibilities before she assumed the authority of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil. However, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, proficient in Origin Heavenly Scripture, basically saw everything.

But matters related to Yan Zhaoge were vague and difficult to predict.

He could only watch everything unfold as time passed.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor did not interfere and finally waited and watched.

“He didn’t interfere with the two of us getting together, nor did he interfere with Zhuojing’s entry into the Nine Underworlds.” Yan Zhaoge sneered, “Should I still thank him?”

Feng Yunsheng stood silently aside. Without saying a word, she took Yan Zhaoge’s palm and smiled at him.

“Daoist Brother, your Extreme Yang Seal is used to hide people’s eyes and ears.” Yan Zhaoge nodded with Feng Yunsheng, then turned his head to look at Gao Han, “What about Fellow Daoist’s Ling Extreme Yin Crown?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.