Chapter 1807: Fighting Two Battles At The Same Time

Chapter 1807: Fighting Two Battles At The Same Time

“Looking at this momentum, the Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor is on his way to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha showed a helpless look on his face, “After gaining the Dao Realm, his temper is still the same as before.”

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva looked at the ruined Immortal Court with a look of pity, but there was no particular change in emotion.

In the past, Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was destroyed. The great thousand worlds were destroyed, and the Three Clear Lineage suffered a Great Calamity. The commotion was bigger than this; what happened here was just karma.

“Is there any decree from Amitabha?” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva asked.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha shook his head gently, “Immeasurable Heavenly Lord is still alive. Maitreya won’t be able to take much advantage of it. There will be a fight between the two sides, but it’s not good for us.”

“Although Maitreya is ahead of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord by a lot, his foundation is still shallow. If he misses the Nine Underworlds game, he needs to find new opportunities.”

Archaic Dipankara Buddha sighed, “Judging from the Nine Underworlds situation, asking the Primordial Heavenly Devil’s help will most likely provoke the Supreme Elder Lord. However, the Supreme Elder Lord’s mind is transient. He may have changed his mind again after the Nine Underworlds situation.”

“Let’s wait for Buddhism and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil to recover so we can regain the upper hand. The Supreme Elder Lord is unpredictable after all.”

Having said that, Archaic Dipankara Buddha suffered a huge loss when he missed his chance in the Nine Underworlds game.

If Amitabha had transcended, it was worrying as to what the Western Pure Lands would go next in the future.

“Amitabha will make arrangements,” comforted Samantabhadra Bodhisattva.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha nodded slightly, “I’m fine, Bodhisattva, don’t worry.”

He looked in the direction of the Immortal Court, “Besides, there may be further conflicts between the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Daoism. That blessing rain…”

“Fellow Daoist Yan is an amazing talent. I’m ashamed of what has happened,” said Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.

“To the Dao Ancestors, Yan Zhaoge is not in the Dao Realm. However, for those in the Immortal Court…” Samantabhadra Bodhisattva continued after a brief pause, “In fact, including me, Yan Zhaoge’s arrival isn’t much different from the arrival of a Dao Ancestor.”

“We still have Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan and the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, but we’re unsure if they can stop him.” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva smiled bitterly, “He’s like a humanoid Immortal Extermination Formation.”

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva said, “Since we mentioned the Supreme Elder Lord, we can say that the Supreme Elder Lord gives him what he has now. I wonder if we can see other traces of the Elder Lord on him.”

All the Buddhas present were slightly silent.

“Let’s stay low profile for now.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked above the void. The white jade door and Golden Cudgel disappeared without a trace, “Let’s see what Immeasurable Heavenly Lord plans to do in the future.”

All the Buddhas were slightly moved, looking at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s face was calm, and he did not speak.

…

At the same time, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and other great demons were paying attention to the Immortal Court catastrophe.

“Daoism has almost returned to the peak of the past, pertaining to the Grand Heavenly Realm level.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya frowned slightly.

He looked away from Immortal Court, staring into the cosmic void.

The newly created world of the Monkey had replaced the Nine Underworlds and was closely connected with the original great thousand worlds, like two sides of a mirror.

A battle unfolded there.

Daoism conquered the Immortal Court, and the demon race did not help. Instead, they took the opportunity to aggressively exploit the new world created on their side, trying to seize the early advantage.

Some people from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus went to the Immortal Court to see if they could make some benefits, but the majority of their forces also went to the newly created world to fight for more territories.

Only in this way could they arrange living spaces for the illuminated devils to not compete with the aborigines of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus for land and interests.

At the same time, a wider territory would bring abundant resources, facilitating the reproduction of more populations and more faith power in the future.

However, the Astro Mountains Starry Sea and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were met with great resistance despite their wishful thinking.

Led by Yan Zhaoge, orthodox Daoism had assigned teams to conquer the Immortal Court. They cast a net to encircle and suppress the heretics and even have special personnel to hunt down and kill the elite heretics escaping from the Immortal Court.

But on this basis, orthodox Daoism still had the power to participate in the second battlefield. In that new world at the stage of prehistoric creation, they competed with the demon race and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

When the demons and the White Lotus Buddhas saw Yang Jian and Suo Mingzhang appear there at the same time, they couldn’t help but feel powerless in their hearts.

Even if Maitreya Buddha gave Mahamayuri the last sarira to request his help, it would not do much to the situation.

The orthodox Daoism had the foundation to fight on two battlefields concurrently and dominate the opponents.

Not to mention that Maitreya Buddha’s primary goals had always been the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Immortal Court.

Even if he wanted to overwhelm Daoism with his Dao Realm, he would still need to be wary of the Immortal Extermination Formation.

At the moment, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi had successfully taken a step ahead of Amitabha because of the Maitreya Buddha. He could rest firmly in his current position.

After protecting Maitreya Buddha from the Nine Underworlds and the Monkey on attaining the Dao Realm, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was in a relaxed state.

All he needed to think about was Amitabha making a comeback by joining forces with the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, the Primordial Heavenly Devil, and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

However, Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil suffered too much this time. Even if he wanted to recover, it would still take him a long time.

“Sage Sovereign is still more biased towards Daoism.” The Golden Crow Great Sage sighed, “So, if Eastern Sovereign transcends in this era, I’m afraid of our fate in the next era…”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya said indifferently, “In ancient eras, Daoism was prosperous, and we had been under their wings. But, everything has its ups and downs. As for your future, it depends on yourself.”

“What’s more? Once the Eastern Sovereign transcends, will it be good news for Daoism? I’m afraid not necessarily.”

He looked at the Eastern Sovereign Palace in the Grand Plainness Heavens Plains of Nuwa. “Eastern Sovereign should have allocated some arrangements. We’ll just wait patiently.”

The Golden Crow Great Sage nodded in a complicated expression, “Blessed Lands of the White Lotus have to worry about the Three Clear Lineages too.”

In the Great Calamity that year, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Maitreya Buddha were involved.

Even when Daoism withered, the demon races of the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, the Buddhas of the Western Pure Lands, and the Nine Underworlds’ devils were more or less involved.

At this stage, the situation pushed the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and orthodox Daoism into one ship.

However, each of them was vigilant with each other.

Even though the overall situation was chaotic, it had never changed the situation where the blur between enemy and ally was blurred, and each faction was vigilant of each other.

For Maitreya Buddha, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was the most potent ally.

However, would he be happy to see Eastern Sovereign Taiyi transcend?

“The Three Clear Lineages won the Nine Underworlds game. We can only say we didn’t lose as badly as other players.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya shook his head, “Yan Zhaoge has just recently attained the Grand Heavenly Realm.”

“I don’t know where his opportunity to attain Dao Realm is, in case it happens…” Dao Monarch Lu Ya sighed. He stopped talking and turned back to the Astro Mountains Starry Sea.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.