Chapter 1817: The Ultimate Moment!

Chapter 1817: The Ultimate Moment!

“They are not just paying attention to us, but they are eager to make a move.” Yan Zhaoge said slowly, “They are just waiting for an opportunity.”

Feng Yunsheng said slowly, “They’re waiting for Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.”

The Great Calamity of the Nine Underworlds thousands of years ago and the collapse of the Immortal Court followed by was called the Second Great Calamity of this era.

In that catastrophe, several Dao Ancestors made their moves.

As a result of the battle, Amitabha, Primordial Heavenly Devil, Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, and Future Buddha Maitreya suffered considerable losses.

After many years, Amitabha, Maitreya Buddha, and the Primordial Heavenly Devil had all recovered.

Only the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, who suffered the most losses back then and almost perished, was still lurking in seclusion.

“After the collapse of Nine Underworlds, the connection between the devils and me dissipated, and I was no longer affected by the devils. However, I also lost my sense of Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.” Feng Yunsheng frowned, “I can’t feel the current situation of the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil. The situation is the same with Senior Brother Nie.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “It’s fine. We just have to wait and see what happens.”

He looked at the blue sky above and said leisurely, “If my senses are right, Kong Xuan has finished his preparation.”

“So, did Mahamayuri Kong Xuan get the last thing he needs?” Feng Yunsheng’s eyes flashed.

“He should have everything ready now.” In Yan Zhaoge’s pupils, a mysterious talisman appeared, “Unlike the Nine Underworlds situation, he may be able to take that step now, but he needs the help of others to protect him. Otherwise, his ascendancy may be disturbed or ruined.”

This talisman was different from the Origin Heavenly Scripture; it was a wholly new and unprecedented existence in this world.

Different from the previous green or purple gold brilliance, the talisman in Yan Zhaoge’s eyes at this moment was constructed by interweaving one after another Clear Qi. There seemed to be another layer of profundities in this art.

“He hasn’t yet made a move now, which means that the last thing he lacks isn’t in the hands of the Eastern Sovereign, nor the hands of the Future Buddha,” said Yan Zhaoge softly.

Sure enough, Yan Zhaoge would know if the Daoism Lineage had items Kong Xuan needed. At the same time, the Monkey did not have the item either.

The Supreme Elder Lord was in seclusion at Tushita Palace for thousands of years, and Mahamayuri never visited.

Although Daoism, demon races, and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus often had minor conflicts against each other, they still maintained a strong alliance when facing the Western Pure Lands, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and the two devils.

If anyone among them offered favors to Mahamayuri, they would naturally seek to win Mahamayuri to their side and fight against Amitabha’s group.

Of course, they hoped that Mahamayuri would attain Dao Realm as soon as possible and as smoothly as possible.

There was no doubt that it was time to act while the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had not recovered.

The battle among the Dao Realm bigwigs would be three-on-three. Daoism had Immortal Extermination Formation at its disposal and was the leading combat power under Dao Realm. Those advantages would boost Mahamayuri’s chances of attaining the Dao Realm significantly.

If the opponent wanted to interrupt it, it would be challenging even if they had other hidden cards. So their best bet could be hoping that the Supreme Elder Lord suddenly made it difficult for Mahamayuri.

If Yan Zhaoge’s prediction was not wrong, Mahamayuri had gotten all the things he needed. However, if he had not taken on the ascendancy process yet, it was likely for the peacock to be on the opposite side.

He, Amitabha, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and the Primordial Heavenly Devil were all patiently waiting for the best moment.

That was when the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil returned.

“I just don’t know if it will be Amitabha, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Primordial Heavenly Devil helping Kong Xuan at the last step.” Yan Zhaoge pouted, “In the Nine Underworlds game, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and Future Buddha gave him two sariras, helping him collect all the Sakyamuni Sariras. That’s a waste.”

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge in amusement, “Why are you so childish again? How could it be considered a waste if Brother Lu Ya succeeded?”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged.

“Unfortunately, we can’t find Kong Xuan’s whereabouts. Otherwise, we can make the first move.” The smile on Feng Yunsheng’s face disappeared. She pursed her lips and said, “I’m afraid we won’t be able to stop him until the last moment.”

The Western Pure Lands had closed its mountain. Even if Daoism assaulted the Western Pure Lands, their efforts would be in vain because of Amitabha.

Maybe it could lure the Primordial Heavenly Devil to turn his back and let everyone besiege Amitabha together.

But, the Primordial Heavenly Devil would be wary that Amitabha’s death would mark his demise, thus the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s disaster. It would be a laughing joke if they were defeated one by one.

Even if he had other plans, he would have to wait for the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil to rejoin the fray.

If the Supreme Elder Lord was not involved, once the two heavenly devils joined forces, they could be regarded as the strongest in the world on the scale of individual factions. No matter what decisions they made at that time, they would be more confident.

“The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil’s return and Mahamayuri’s ascendancy in striving for Dao Realm mark the moment to decide the outcome of this era.” Feng Yunsheng muttered.

Mahamayuri came to Dao Realm with the help of Amitabha, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and the two heavenly devils. Together, the five of them would break the balance of the current situation.

Even if the two heavenly devils or Mahamayuri had their plans, the battle between Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Amitabha would become unpredictable again.

Apart from that…

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge, who nodded slowly, “Yes, the chance of me attaining Dao Realm will most likely be in this match!”

“If I win in this showdown, the general situation of the world would change because of me. If I lose, I’m afraid I won’t have the chance to start over.” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes were calm, and he said with a smile.

Feng Yunsheng’s expression did not change. She did not say anything, just reached out and pressed lightly on Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

Yan Zhaoge held her palm in his backhand, and the couple smiled at each other.

“Uncle Yan, will you exit your seclusion at that time too?” Feng Yunsheng asked softly.

“At that time, he will be forced to come out even if he doesn’t want to,” said Yan Zhaoge lightly.

Feng Yunsheng asked, “Are you ready?”

“There is still one more thing.” Yan Zhaoge said, “I need to borrow the Green Duckweed Sword from Incongruence Divine Mother.”

“You should meditate in peace. Then, I’ll look for Immortal Extermination Formation and Incongruence Divine Mother.” Feng Yunsheng nodded, disappearing in place.

When she borrowed the Green Duckweed Sword and gave it to Yan Zhaoge, Yan Zhaoge would also begin his seclusion.

Time continued to flow with the day and night cycle ensued.

Everything seemed calm, being not much different from the past few thousand years.

Until one day, all the top existences in this world felt that the world gradually began to vibrate violently.

The five elements of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth were in chaos.

It was not a scene limited to one place but the whole world. The great thousand worlds and the foundation of the five elements of the vast universe were in turmoil.

Yan Zhaoge also exited his seclusion at this moment.

Feng Yunsheng was waiting for him outside.

Yan Zhaoge took a long breath with a smile painted on his face, “It’s time.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.