Chapter 1812: Good News Faltered, Only The Bad Omen Came

Chapter 1812: Good News Faltered, Only the Bad Omen Came

It was not wrong to say that the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue’s treasures belonged to the Supreme Elder Lord.

Although the Lord of Dao and Virtue had transcended, he had left the Supreme Elder Lord in this world. Therefore, his treasures equally belonged to the Supreme Elder Lord.

Even if the treasures were given out, the Elder Lord should have acquiesced them.

But considering that the Primordial Heavenly Lord and Lord of Numinous Treasure had left behind the Triratna Jade Sceptre and Green Duckweed Sword, Yan Zhaoge sometimes wondered if the Lord of Dao and Virtue also had treasures left behind?

The case mentioned above would be having the treasures scattered in the world rather than giving them to the Supreme Elder Lord from the beginning.

With the Supreme Elder Lord’s temperament, he would not look for it on purpose as well.

After listening to Yan Zhaoge’s question, the boy did not answer immediately but thought carefully for a moment before opening his mouth.

“I don’t dare to simply talk about the Elder Lord’s matter.” The boy replied cautiously, “But, I know there’s Tempest Fiery Praying Mat. We don’t know their whereabouts. Other than that, I don’t have many clues.”

After a short pause, he took a peek at Bhikkhu Xuan Du, who was being suppressed under the mountain rock, “Bhikkhu Xuan Du knows more about it. Heavenly Lord, you…”

Hearing the words “Tempest Fiery Praying mat”, Yan Zhaoge was slightly taken aback. As he saw the boy’s behavior, he couldn’t help but laugh, “Don’t bother Brother Xuandu anymore.”

Having said that, he bowed to Tushita Palace in front and then took Feng Yunsheng out of No Hatred Heavens.

Standing outside No Hatred Heavens, Yan Zhaoge looked back at Tushita Palace and muttered, “Good news falters, and only the bad omen come.”

He shook his head and returned to Daoism’s universe with Feng Yunsheng.

Back to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens into the Sky beyond Skies, the married couple came to the Broad Creed Mountain Gate.

Although they were at Grand Heavenly Realm, the Yan Zhaoge couple did not attract much attention.

Xu Fei received them with a smile and said as he walked, “It’s not an easy task to accommodate the mortals who were previously under the rule of heretics. Now I understand why you aren’t hands-on in this matter.”

“Of course, the mortal does wear down our energy quite a bit. If I can hide in laziness, I would do so.” Yan Zhaoge commented, “But then, when will you attain Grand Heavenly Realm, Senior Brother Xu? At that time, we will develop many places with the Sea Suppressing Pearl, including a dao arena in the universe. It is on a first-come, first-served basis.

Xu Fei said, “If I am lucky, I will have it; if I don’t, that’s just life. I’ll accumulate my cultivation for a while before I challenge the Origin Heavenly Tribulation.”

He shook his head, “Now that the Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor has attained Dao Realm, I no longer have the power of the Golden Body of the Great Sage. However, I have acquired the blessing from the Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor accumulated in the past. I’m already several times luckier than many others, but I don’t dare to be contemptuous because of this. I have to step on it one step at a time in solid progress.”

The Monkey’s attainment in Dao Realm was unique.

Before the ascendancy, the Monkey killed the Victorious Fighting Buddha. After the Dao Realm attainment, the three Golden bodies of the Great Sage disappeared.

However, the Earthly Essence Stone and Ru Yi Golden Cudgel stayed.

Yan Zhaoge, Xu Fei, and Pan Pan were fine to part with the Golden Bodies.

Otherwise, they had to be willing to become the Monkey’s clones or avatars.

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone, Xu Fei, and Pan Pan were subtly influenced after being imbued with the Golden Body of the Great Sage for more than a thousand years.

In the end, even without the Golden Body of the Great Sage, the trio had reached the pinnacle of the Grand Virtual Realm.

However, the trio needed time to accumulate their cultivation before seeking the hope of continuing to climb up.

Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone had successfully cultivated Yang Jian’s Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts with the firmest foundation, thus being the closest to the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Xu Fei’s talent was extraordinary, and he was diligent in his cultivation. As soon as he secured a firm foundation, Grand Heavenly Realm was in front of him.

Pan Pan was a little lazy. Yan Zhaoge had to supervise him all day.

“Speaking of which, Gao Han has achieved the Three Flowers Converged Crown, the Grand Heavenly Realm.” Yan Zhaoge said casually with a normal expression.

“In the past, the New Nine Luminaries of Kunlun were truly a generation of geniuses. Even excluding the Exalted Earth Luminary who joined heretics, there are now two of them on the Grand Heavenly Realm.” Xu Fei nodded and said with admiration, “Exalted Solar Luminary is better than Senior Gao and Senior Long of Roving Jade Heavens.”

“Gao Han is incomparable, but he is a predecessor before the Great Calamity. He is in the same era as Practitioner Ziteng and Exalted Earth Luminary and is older than Master Long.” Yan Zhaoge said, “As early as Brother Suo attained Grand Heavenly Realm, Gao Han already had Two Flower Converged Crown. He is in the lead compared to many others.”

“It’s just that Senior Apprentice-granduncle Long’s group are sword cultivators, and it’s not easy to make progress. It will take time to break through Origin Heavenly Tribulation and enter the Grand Heavenly Realm.”

Thousands of years had passed. Nevertheless, the three elders of Roving Jade Heavens: Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, and Daoist Yun Zheng, had already reached the peak of Grand Virtual Immortal.

Like Yan Zhaoge had said, it still took time and effort for them before they could challenge for the Grand Heavenly Realm.

The closer they were to Dao Realm, the harder it would be.

Origin Heavenly Tribulation was not a decoration. Those who failed to overcome it would perish. No one could save them or help them.

Gao Qingxuan’s trio had commenced the Sheathe Edge and Nurture Sword process, entering strict seclusion. Except for such a big event like the assault on Immortal Court, they would not come out quickly.

Fortunately, Daoism was revived and became more prosperous day by day. The older generation did not need to worry about having no successor.

Not to mention that Yu Ye and Long Xueji had already entered the Grand Virtual Realm, continuing to make great strides and improvements.

For more than a thousand years of Prime Clear Lineage continuation, not only Roving Jade Heavens but also the entire world of Crimson Luminance Melding Solaris Heavens and Unperturbed Origin River Heaven had countless outstanding rising stars emerging.

Orthodox Daoism had escaped from the decline and sorry state of the past.

The same was true in Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

Yue Zhenbei of Jade Capital Crag managed to acquire Two Flowers Converged Crown.

It was just that he, like Gao Qingxuan and others, still needed time to be polished and patiently accumulated their cultivation.

Wang Pu under the Jade Capital Crag overcame the Immortal Door and became Leakless True Immortal.

With that, Yue Zhenbei passed the Jade Capital Crag lineage to Wang Pu in his early years, and he devoted himself to cultivating Daoism.

With Nie Jingshen’s return, the Immortal Court had collapsed. All the crucial matters troubling Yue Zhenbei’s mind were settled, and he could rest assured to enter seclusion.

Similarly, Fu Yunchi of Ingenious Flying Peak Red Lotus Cliff was relieved of the heavy burden in his heart.

The hidden dangers laid within Fu Ting, Meng Wan, and others were eradicated. With that, Fu Yunchi could be at ease and focus on attaining the Grand Virtual Realm of Five Qis Unification with all his might.

The two sisters, Fu Ting and Meng Wan, attained the Tranquil Profound Realm altogether.

Among the older generation in the Broad Creed Mountain, where Yan Zhaoge originated, Yuan Zhengfeng and Fang Zhun had acquired Tranquil Profound Realm.

However, Yuan Zhengfeng’s upward momentum gradually came to an end.

Although Fang Zhun still had the potential to go for Five Qis Unification in the future, he was not entirely confident.

As the older generation at Eight Extremities World, they were still delayed a bit.

Although they got to enjoy the benefits brought by the overall improvement in Daoism circumstances, it did impact their cultivation progress.

But the two of them were not upset. Instead, they were much more relaxed than before.

There were many successors in the Broad Creed Lineage. Not to mention the three Grand Heavenly Immortals of Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, and Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei was also one step away from the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Among the remaining successors, the newer generations emerged in an endless stream. The sect finally became more prosperous in the recent decade.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.