Chapter 1815: Fortunes Rise And Fall, A New Blessing Lasting Centuries

Chapter 1815: Fortunes Rise And Fall, A New Blessing Lasting Centuries

“I’m all ears.” Feng Yunsheng smiled slightly, “But it’s fine if you don’t want to talk about it.”

Yan Zhaoge asked, “You must have a lot of doubts in your mind, right?”

“You can say that you piqued my interest, but I’m not someone with an insatiable curiosity.” Feng Yunsheng said with a smile, “You know, I’m not very curious and enterprising. Most of my hard work is not for myself.”

“You have a better insight than me. If I’m alone, I will be exhausted thinking about many things. When I’m with you, I can stop overthinking. You just tell me what to do when you think it through. That’s great for me.”

Feng Yunsheng took Yan Zhaoge’s hand with their fingers intertwined, “Do you remember what I told you? My strongest opinion is to listen to what you say and disregard others’ words.”

Yan Zhaoge also had a smile on his face.

He looked back at the cave manor where Yan Di was secluded, then took Feng Yunsheng to leave and said as he walked, “The story may be a bit long.”

…

The Nine Underworlds shattered, and the Immortal Court collapsed.

Comparable to a catastrophe in the Great Calamity in the past, it once again brought drastic changes to the world.

Daoism Lineage was back as the protagonist on the stage of history, at least one of the protagonists.

Daoism underwent rapid development with each passing day, showing the prosperous atmosphere in ancient times and the Middle era.

Time flew by. Thousands of years had passed.

Amitabha, Primordial Heavenly Devil, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, the Monkey, Future Buddha.

The Dao Realm bigwigs went silent again except for the Monkey, who was still watching the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

The Eastern Sovereign Taiyi lived in seclusion in the Astro Mountains, Starry Sea. No news of him has been heard since the Nine Underworlds catastrophe for thousands of years.

Even though Amitabha intended to erase the Future Buddha, he was helpless for the time being.

The seemingly silent Eastern Sovereign Taiyi would respond as soon as he made a move.

At that time, there would be Immortal Extermination Formation on the opposite side to help, and the Western Pure Lands side would suffer.

However, as long as Amitabha did not target the Future Buddha, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi would not intervene in the struggle between Daoism and Buddhism.

It would be the competition between orthodox Buddhism and orthodox Daoism. Although Daoism’s masters in the Immortal Realm were stronger and more dominant, the Western Pure Lands could remain stable.

Having the Immortal Court brought to ruination, the days of the Future Buddha Maitreya and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were pleasant.

However, if they wanted to expand the territory and illuminate more population, they had to face the suppression of Daoism and demon races.

Thus, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus still had difficulties facing off the Western Pure Lands directly.

On the other hand, Western Pure Lands became even more low-key, as if returning to the time they closed the mountain gate and were in seclusion.

In the new world the Monkey created, the Western Pure Lands did not get involved in any slights. The competition went on between Daoism, the demon race, and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Naturally, orthodox Daoism, which experts gathered, had the upper hand.

On the other hand, Immortal Court heretics had attempted to revive itself after its collapse that year. The efforts had already gone on for at least a century.

However, the Monkey had hindered the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, making it hard for him to concentrate on managing his forces.

As soon as someone was illuminated, Three Clear Lineages would immediately besiege the new heretic.

After the Great Calamity, the dark ages that Daoism Lineage endured thousands of years ago were returned to the Immortal Court’s heretics hundred fold.

It was the same Great Calamity of being pursued and hunted. The dark and bloody cruel years made people sigh in the sentiment of “times had changed”.

Although they often had to hide and act low-key, there were still some top powerhouses surviving back then for the Daoism Lineage.

When the Immortal Court collapsed, Yan Zhaoge alone purged the heretics.

In particular, Grand Heavenly Immortals and Grand Virtual Immortals were wiped out, and none of them survived.

It was not easy to cultivate a heretics powerhouse to that level, even for the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

Daoism Lineage would not allow Immortal Court to have the soil for stably cultivating talents.

What’s more? The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had been eyeing the situation like a tiger watching its prey.

Although the Immortal Court had been trying to revive from the ashes, the situation was terrible.

In the boundless void, a remote nebula quietly rotated.

But soon, the nebula began to vibrate slightly and finally shattered.

After a while, a phantom flew out of it.

It was a divine vessel on a colossal scale, shrouded in iridescent brilliance, sailing in the void as if riding the wind and waves.

Under the brilliance, a group of people were in high spirits and chatted non-stop.

“We have failed three times, but we finally caught it this time.”

“That’s right. We not only exterminate the heretics’ remnants, but also rescue thousands of civilians. When we return to Origin Scholar Heaven, I will utilize the blessing rain to cleanse the poison of heretics, and we’re done.”

“You have said that Senior Uncle Zhang surrounded them to help us. Is it possible for us to assault the heretics with higher cultivation?”

“It’s hard to say. The remnants of heretics have been cleaned off early. I’m afraid it won’t be so easy for them to bite our bait.”

“

Hey

, our orthodox Daoism has suffered catastrophe with many of our seniors hunted and killed after the first Great Calamity in the past. Now that karma does its work, the times have changed.”

As the divine vessel galloped, there was indeed a figure looming in the distant void. It looked like an old man.

“

Uhm

, it seems that they really won’t show up this time.” The old man shook his head and traveled through the void with the divine vessel, crossed the sea of stars, and returned to Daoism’s universe.

At this moment, the twenty-four heavens of Daoism stood side by side.

Light spots were dashing here and there in the cosmos with a myriad of heavens, traveling between the heavens or flying to the endless void.

The scene was splendid, mimicking the flow of heavenly rivers.

The old man and divine vessel entered Origin Scholar Heaven, one of the worlds.

Sure enough, there was a guide.

The massive divine vessel flew across the sky and landed on a cliff.

Not only the martial art practitioners, but also the commoners living here were not surprised by them.

Over thousands of years, rapid changes had emerged one after another. The people were accustomed to many things, and these elements had become a part of their lives.

The group stopped, and someone on the ground received them. After that, the martial art practitioners on the vessel came down one after another.

The old man also appeared and took out a water bubble from the cabin.

The water buddle was not too big, but it was pretty heavy. It required a master like the old man who had already overcome the Immortal Door to grab it freely.

Under the sun, there was a blinking ripple with many figures in them. It seemed like a small independent world inside, accommodating mountains and rivers and a large number of people without being overcrowded.

A middle-aged man appeared beside the old man and said with a smile, “Thanks for going through the trouble, senior uncle.”

“It’s fine, but unfortunately, we don’t have a bountiful harvest this time.” The old man said and handed the bubble to the middle-aged man, “But if we can save these people from misery, it is not a waste of time. Remember to arrange them properly.”

“Senior uncle, don’t worry. I will arrange it properly according to the regulations.” The middle-aged man took over the bubble, “We still have unoccupied lands on our side of the world, which is enough to accommodate them.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.