Chapter 1811: Revisiting The Tushita Palace

Chapter 1811: Revisiting the Tushita Palace

Looking at the Triratna Jade Sceptre and the disappearing photo frame, Yan Zhaoge could not help but fall into deep thoughts.

He tried on other objects, but it did not work.

Looking around the familiar environment in the room, Yan Zhaoge was taken aback for a while.

After a long time, Yan Zhaoge returned to his senses, and his mind became active again.

The scene in his mind changed as if going backward. Finally, Yan Zhaoge’s mind left the blue planet and pulled away from that vast galaxy.

The time and space in front of Zhaoge were distorted, turning into a colorful world.

When the scene stabilized again and his vision reappeared in the endless dark void, Yan Zhaoge felt like a lonely ghost floating up from the underworld, returning to the living world and his own body.

In his line of sight, there was also Feng Yunsheng with concerned eyes in addition to the endless void.

“Zhaoge?” She looked at Yan Zhaoge worriedly.

“Don’t worry, I’m fine.” Yan Zhaoge smiled at Feng Yunsheng first, then fell back into thoughts.

Triratna Jade Sceptre appeared in his hands, and he fiddled with it.

As Yan Zhaoge’s thoughts were racing, Triratna Jade Sceptre flashed intermittently between purple, white and gold light.

At the next moment, the photo frame appeared in his hand.

It appeared in the starry universe, different from that blue planet!

Looking at the frame and the face in the photo, Yan Zhaoge looked serious.

He could even faintly feel the chill surging behind him.

“When did you have such a portrait, dressed in strange clothes and framed in such a strange way?” Feng Yunsheng asked, “But, it’s great for safekeeping.”

She looked at Yan Zhaoge. After noticing Yan Zhaoge’s slightly solemn expression, her expression immediately became serious, “Zhaoge?”

“Don’t worry about me.” Yan Zhaoge took a long breath, looked at himself in the photo, and suddenly laughed, “This is getting interesting!”

“I’m trying to recall what I was doing at the time? It seemed I had just returned home, threw myself on the bed, stretched my legs, played with my phone or something.” Yan Zhaoge thought to himself, “Then I suddenly lost consciousness.”

Logically speaking, the body should remain in the original world on that planet.

The time node of returning had not changed, so it could even be said that the body should have stayed in its original place: in the house where he lived.

It was impossible for people on that planet to move his body. To be precise, no one found his abnormality.

However, his body in his original world was gone.

Was it destroyed when he soul-crossed and evaporated without leaving any traces, or was it…?

“…Moved away?” Yan Zhaoge looked down at the photo frame in his hand.

“I can bring this frame back through the Triratna Jade Sceptre, which means others can too.” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “However, not many people can do it.”

Dao Realm bigwig naturally could.

However, those at the level of Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor could not.

Although the emperor was only one step away from Dao Realm and had a deep grasp of the truth of heaven and earth, his power was insufficient, and his foundation was weak.

In other words, his spirit might be able to jump out of this world as Yan Zhaoge did. However, once he jumped out, he would not be able to bear it and would be destroyed instantly.

The situation was just like a mortal ghost exiting a body. Although it could leave the body, the ghost was not strong enough to travel day and night. Any mishaps would cause them to collapse and dissipate.

The power was strong enough, but the grasp of the truth of heaven and earth was still insufficient. It could be considered a solid soul for a person not ready to challenge for Dao Realm ascendancy. However, the soul could not be separated from the body completely.

In this situation, it was a viable option.

Yan Zhaoge pondered while Feng Yunsheng silently stood aside.

The worried look on her face had disappeared. Instead, she gradually regained her composure with her eyes as calm as water and firm as iron, patiently waiting for Yan Zhaoge’s decision.

After a while, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes regained focus.

He first looked at Feng Yunsheng apologetically and held Feng Yunsheng’s palm lightly.

The woman in front of him smiled and shook her head, quietly waiting for him to speak.

“Come to a place with me,” said Yan Zhaoge.

The two joined hands and traveled together.

The baldachin above Yan Zhaoge’s head opened, leading them to ascend step by step as if to another place “higher” than the endless void.

The location was difficult to determine, and its trace was hard to find, like an illusory fairyland. The place was beautiful.

Among them, spiritual flowers and strange grass were densely populated, and fairy birds and auspicious animals were everywhere.

Amidst the scenic waterfall stood an ordinary palace.

Above the gate of the palace was a plaque with two words inscribed.

Tushita Palace.

It was not Yan Zhaoge’s first time visiting this place.

A boy was standing at the hall entrance, looking at him nervously.

To be precise, it was looking at the baldachin above his head.

On baldachin, Bhikkhu Xuan Du was suppressed there.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du looked at the scene of Tushita Palace in front of him, but there was no joy and relief on his face but mere sorrow as he sighed.

Yan Zhaoge walked to a boulder next to the palace, raised his hand to lift the boulder, and then pressed Bhikkhu Xuan Du under it.

Then, he wrote on the boulder with his fingers, leaving a Daoism talisman, which turned into scripture.

A light flashed on the scriptures and finally melted into the boulder, never to be seen again.

After suppressing Bhikkhu Xuan Du under the boulder, Yan Zhaoge turned around and walked to the front of Tushita Palace.

The boy opened his mouth but could not utter a single word.

“The Supreme Elder Lord will make the call.” Yan Zhaoge said with a smile, “If the Supreme Elder Lord wants, Brother Xuandu can get away.”

The boy smiled wryly.

Even though Bhikkhu Xuan Du was under the Grand Clear Lineage and Supreme Elder Lord’s disciple, it was not a certainty as to whether the Supreme Elder Lord would grant him freedom.

“Heavenly Lord, this…this is really…” The boy muttered, seemingly troubled.

“You can’t break the seal I put down, and you can’t control the Supreme Elder Lord’s decision. So, you don’t need to be troubled. Brother Xuandu won’t blame you for it.” Yan Zhaoge said, “I came here today not only to send Xuan Brother Du back, but I also have something else to ask.”

The boy said reluctantly, “I think I should let you know that the Supreme Elder Lord refuses to see any visiting guests. Even Dao Monarch Lu Ya and Archaic Dipankara Buddha have all come, but the Elder Lord refuses to see them.”

“I understand.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I don’t necessarily need to meet the Supreme Elder Lord. You can also answer my questions.”

The boy glanced over the boulder and nodded helplessly, “Heavenly Lord, feel free to ask. I will tell you everything I know.”

“After the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue’s transcendence, did he leave behind his treasures in Tushita Palace?” Yan Zhaoge asked.

The boy was slightly startled.

Apparently, he noticed the keypoint in Yan Zhaoge’s question.

Yan Zhaoge asked about the treasures of the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue, not the Supreme Elder Lord’s treasure.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.