Chapter 1828: For What Reason Can You Defeat Me?

Chapter 1828: For What Reason Can You Defeat Me?

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord possessed the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat all along. He also summoned the body of Yan Zhaoge’s previous life on Earth, just like how Yan Zhaoge brought back the picture frame.

Mahamayuri originally owned the vajra.

Afterward, Mahamayuri pleaded with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord for the remains of the phoenix to get the chance to attain the Dao Realm and exchanged the vajra for it.

Mahamayuri’s vigor was weak at the moment, and he fled early to avoid Yan Zhaoge’s contest with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

This stage did not belong to him. His mission had been completed. It was better to leave the arena as soon as possible. Otherwise, he might be implicated.

Feeling vajra at this moment, Kong Xuan looked back and couldn’t help but have a mixed feeling surging up in him.

However, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord ignored Mahamayuri’s mood at this moment.

The only thing he had to do was to subdue Yan Zhaoge.

It was complex to attain transcendence through heretical power, not to mention Maitreya was leading first.

After abandoning the heretical path, it was more opportune for his next step to snatch the foundation of the Three Clear Cultivation physique.

At the same time, Three Clear Cultivation was meant for a more incredible Dao. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord thought to himself that his strength would improve further!

Having the attainment of the Grand Heavenly Realm was already considered a lord. Furthermore, he was the Great Heavenly Lord respected in the entire world.

But that was all about it.

With the Dao Ancestor above him, how could he be called the Exalt of the Heavens?

Thus, being acknowledged as the Great Heavenly Lord meant nothing for the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. He wanted to be a Dao Ancestor, the only king in this world!

Yan Zhaoge wanted to take this opportunity to attain the Dao Realm. How could the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord not realize it?

Everyone was fighting for their victory.

However, the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat and the vajra bombarded the Triratna Jade Sceptre and Green Duckweed Sword. After snatching Yan Di’s slash, the victor was decided.

Even if the Supreme Elder Lord intervened at this moment, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was confident in persuading the two Heavenly Devils to intercept it.

Otherwise, Yan Zhaoge’s attainment in Dao Realm would be far worse for the devils than the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

At that time, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Maitreya Buddha would only work harder to besiege Amitabha, lest the rare opportunity be lost.

As the ritual operated, the ship had sailed. Even if other Dao Ancestors wanted to interfere, it would still be too late to stop him and Yan Zhaoge.

If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord failed, Yan Zhaoge was guaranteed to attain Dao Realm.

The Nine Underworlds suffered a catastrophe. The righteous blossomed while the devils faltered. Daoism stepped on the skeletons of the devil to revive again. Thus, the bad blood between them was irreversible and much more intense.

If Yan Zhaoge went a step further in his cultivation and established two Dao Ancestors in the Daoims forces with the Monkey, even if the Supreme Elder Lord did not take action and the Faceless Heavenly Devil descended into the world, the devils would still suffer.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord knew Yan Zhaoge’s intention but still created a situation of two contesting each other, just to force the two heavenly devils to be in his favor.

Although it was a battle between two heroes, the outcome was set when the battle began!

“The outcome has been set unless the transcended Three Clears Patriarch returns.” Immeasurable Heavenly Lord threw the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat and the vajra at Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye, respectively. He wanted to interrupt the Triratna Jade Sceptre and the Green Duckweed Sword, respectively.

They were the four treasures all originated from the transcended bigwig powerhouses. Even the Dao Ancestor of this world, except for the Supreme Elder Lord, could not control it freely.

But sometimes, it could play an effective role.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord knew that Triratna Jade Sceptre and Green Duckweed Sword were in the hands of Yan Zhaoge.

So, he was also prepared.

Yan Zhaoge watched the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat, and the vajra flew out of the white jade door. He suddenly burst into laughter, rocking back and forth.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s eyes narrowed.

However, Yan Zhaoge raised his hands to the sides, pointing at the Triratna Jade Sceptre and the Green Duckweed Sword.

Those two treasures were surrounded by Clear Qi at the same time, shining brightly!

Then, the jade sceptre and the sword circled in the void and disappeared.

The praying mat and the vajra had missed!

“Heed my command!” Yan Zhaoge’s voice was thunderous as he shouted.

As if nothing had happened, the vajra still fell into the vast galaxy and disappeared into the distance.

But, the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat had slowly stopped!

Then, this treasure flew back to the top of Yan Zhaoge’s head while trembling.

While resisting the suction of the white jade door, Yan Zhaoge raised his hand to send out Clear Qis on the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat.

The praying mat whirled and vibrated.

At this time, Triratna Jade Sceptre and Green Duckweed Sword reappeared on the spot, hanging above Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye, respectively.

“I have told you, and you still don’t believe it yet.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, “If you don’t walk on this path personally, even if you research it with your Dao Realm’s cultivation, you will never know how hard it is to truly walk this path and the gains that come along.”

“If you have succeeded today, what I have will become yours. However, they are mine now.”

Yan Zhaoge shook his head, “Since you can’t do it and need me to walk this path, why do you think you can win against me now?”

He raised one hand and swung it down.

The three treasures of Triratna Jade Sceptre, Tempest Fiery Praying Mat, and Green Duckweed Sword flashed in unison.

Then, three light streams traveled through time and space. They instantly appeared in front of the white jade door and collided with the jade door!

In the roaring collision, cracks appeared on the surface of the white jade door, shocking the spectators.

Yan Zhaoge reached out and shook the baldachin on his head at this time.

Baldachin splashed out Clear Qis like a whirlwind. The qis gathered into a group and then hit the cracked jade door.

The jade light faded away and then was overwhelmed by Yan Zhaoge’s baldachin.

The jade light on the surface of Yan Zhaoge’s body re-solidified, enclosing his entire being, finally turning him into a statue-like existence.

Even the other Dao Realmbigwigs frowned upon seeing this, “When a Three Clear Cultivator has attained Dao Realm, can they mobilize the Three Clears’ relics to this point?”

Triratna Jade Sceptre, Tempest Fiery Praying Mat, and Green Duckweed Sword flashed.

The Tempest Fiery Praying Mat was back with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

But at this moment, the praying mat was spinning and rolled towards the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord!

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord raised his palms and pushed forward.

The Tempest Fiery Praying Mat stopped before him, spinning vigorously to get close to its target.

But the futon soon grew large and enveloped the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s eyes flashed, intent on breaking the praying mat.

But, Triratna Jade Sceptre and Green Duckweed Sword also flew over at the same time during the delay.

The Green Duckweed Sword fell. Yan Zhaoge’s Earth’s physical body was split and then vanished.

Triratna Jade Sceptre struck and smashed the husks of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace to smithereens!

The jade-like body shattered, and there was a shadow inside as if the body originally contained something.

The Triratna Jade Sceptre smashed the husk and absorbed the shadow contained in it. Then, it vanished instantly.

Seeing this, the other Dao Ancestors paused slightly.

Primordial Heavenly Devil nodded at the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

The ancient black mirror suddenly descended from above the void.

But at this time, Tempest Fiery Praying Mat, Triratna Jade Sceptre, and Green Duckweed Sword had already withdrawn at the same time. They turned into streamers and entered the body of the white jade statue that sealed Yan Zhaoge.

A “

ka

” sound echoed.

A crack appeared on the surface of the statue.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.