Chapter 1826: A Decisive Slash!

Chapter 1826: A Decisive Slash!

Yan Zhaoge looked at the tall and straight man in the distance and noticed that he had more gray hair than ever before.

Yan Di had attained Grand Heavenly Realm cultivation and ascended above the mortal body.

It was an easy task to rejuvenate his appearance, but Yan Di never cared so much about it.

At the moment, his appearance carried hints of vicissitudes and fatigue more severely than ever. Apparently, it was the projection of the state of mind from the inside out.

Yan Zhaoge remembered at this moment that he and Yan Di had not seen each other for thousands of years.

Since they were separated after the Nine Underworlds incident, Yan Di was in seclusion as soon as he returned to the mountain until he emerged as a Grand Heavenly Immortal today.

Seclusion up to thousands of years was quite common for people in the cultivation realm like Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

But Yan Zhaoge knew that Yan Di went into seclusion not only for cultivation.

After finding out what was wrong with himself, Yan Zhaoge also understood what happened to Yan Di.

It was that jade token plate.

The token plate originating from the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was related to Yan Di and Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

Before the Nine Underworlds game, Daoism had no reliable Dao Realm bigwig garrisoned in their forces. Everyone could not understand the true meaning of the jade token plate for a while.

After the Nine Underworlds game, the Monkey landed on the Dao Realm, but Yan Di did not need his help at that moment. That was because Yan Di himself also landed on the Grand Heavenly Realm.

The jade token plate was related to Yan Di and the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud. Other Grand Heavenly Immortals could not crack the secrets of the jade token plate, but Yan Di himself could.

However, Yan Di’s effort in figuring out this jade token plate seemed like being captivated into a dream.

A thousand years had passed just like that.

Yan Di, who was in seclusion, might not be able to feel the passage of time in the outside world. For him, the seclusion seemed like a momentary absence-mindedness.

However, if he did not leave his seclusion today, he might still be immersed in it.

Yan Di also figured out the secret hidden in the jade token plate when he woke up and exited from the seclusion.

It was the message contained in it that this man, who had always been high-spirited, looked so tired at the moment.

He looked at Yan Zhaoge; his eyes were mixed with various emotions that were hard to describe.

Yan Zhaoge sighed softly.

Why did Yan Zhaoge not mind exposing the secret kept tight-lipped and carefully hidden?

When he knew that the person who made him travel here was the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, the secret was no longer a secret.

If the person who let him cross to this world was the Supreme Elder Lord, Yan Zhaoge could ignore the issue.

The Supreme Elder Lord’s mind was unpredictable. That was not a definitive answer to it. It was possible that he would announce everything one day, but it was uncertain.

Still, the Supreme Elder Lord knew that he could treat the entire incident as non-existence.

However, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was different.

The so-called secret must have the value of secrecy before the people would try to hide it.

Secrets had value as long as they were not known.

On the contrary, on the day when the value was realized, it was no longer a secret.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had planned it deliberately, and naturally he would not keep this a secret for Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge had not disturbed Yan Di about this previously.

Still, it was a thing he had to face eventually. The difference was the timing.

Yan Zhaoge looked at Yan Di, and neither of them said anything.

Yang Jian and the others looked worried at the father-and-son duo, who was once famous worldwide.

For them, whether it was possession or reincarnation, Yan Zhaoge was always the Yan Zhaoge they knew.

But for Yan Di, things were different.

The young man in front of him was outstanding and far better than the child in his memory.

The two have developed a genuine father-son relationship after so many years.

However, the truth was that they were different people.

What’s more? The young man in front of him had been concealing the truth, disguising himself as closely as possible to the original owner of this body.

Ne Zha moved slightly and wanted to step forward but was stopped by Feng Yunsheng.

He turned his head to look at Feng Yunsheng and saw her shaking her head slightly.

Ne Zha hesitated for a moment but gave up in the end.

Feng Yunsheng also looked at Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

She was the only one aware of the truth before the current showdown except for Yan Zhaoge, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Supreme Elder Lord, who was not present at the moment.

Thus, she was unsurprised.

Yet, the typically fearless Feng Yunsheng felt her heart twitch.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was also quietly watching Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

He pointed to the figure sitting on the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat beside him, “Slash this body and let your son return.”

Yan Di turned his head slowly, watching Yan Zhaoge’s past life’s physical body.

Yan Zhaoge did not seem to sense the threat that Yan Di might bring but looked at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and asked, “Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, so it really came from you?”

“It’s rare to meet such a suitable couple. It’s heaven’s fate, and it’s exactly what I want,” said the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord indifferently.

The heaven’s fate he mentioned was not referring to Yan Xintang and Di Qinglian’s couple being a perfect match.

It meant that the husband and wife belong to the lineage of Jade Clear and Prime Clear, respectively. They were both talented and ingenious, founding a new martial art path incorporating the said Clear Lineages. At the same time, it was unique and well-equipped with the advantages of both Clear Lineages.

That was where the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, which the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, came in handy.

It fitted his plan perfectly.

How could he be dissatisfied?

“It’s not that I look like him. It’s that he looks like me in my previous life. This is really…” Yan Zhaoge looked at the physical body of his previous life, looked at Yan Di again, and then looked down at himself.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord forbade Yan Di to kill the current Yan Zhaoge but wanted him to kill Yan Zhaoge’s previous life. Of course, there was a reason behind it.

He wanted not to kill Yan Zhaoge but to seize the foundation of Yan Zhaoge’s Three Clear Physique!

Under the blessing of the ritual, a specific person and martial art technique were required to commit the slash.

The candidate was Yan Di, and the saber was the Creation Sabre raised by the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud!

To prevent other Dao Realmbigwigs from seeing the clues in advance, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord split the plan into several layers.

Now, it was time to activate the entire ordeal.

With this slash, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s goal would be accomplished.

Yan Zhaoge resisted the suction of the white jade door with all his strength and seemed powerless to stop Yan Di.

Under the control of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, the burning flames of the Heavenly Essence Stone obstructed Feng Yunsheng and others but only let Yan Di come in.

Yan Di looked at the physical body of Yan Zhaoge’s previous life and then turned to Yan Zhaoge himself.

The former father and son looked at each other again.

Yan Zhaoge could feel an invisible barrier between him and Yan Di.

The middle-aged man in front of him looked more like a stranger.

However, in his eyes, there seemed to be many familiar things.

Yan Di slowly raised his hand, grasped his fist tightly, and incarnated a purple light flowing in his palm. It then formed a long saber.

The blade’s trajectory was unstoppable and invincible, as if carrying the momentum of heaven and earth.

The long purple saver, slowly raised, illuminated Yan Zhaoge’s face.

Then…

It slashed straight down!

Its target…

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord!

The fierce and domineering saber light sent the worldly creation into turmoil, seemingly overseeing the entire world!

“Foolish.” The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s eyes were as cold as ice.

The man who was tired and sparse just a moment ago had his eyes blazing, “It’s you who is the foolish one!”

“Don’t take me as a fool. I know who is responsible for everything that happened today?”

“Compared with him, I have to behead you first!”

“Then, I will bring my son back and slash you into pieces!” Even in the face of Dao Ancestor, the majestic and domineering sword light did not flinch at all. Its blade kept advancing!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.