Chapter 1825: Yan Zhaoge & Yan Di

Chapter 1825: Yan Zhaoge & Yan Di

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was noncommittal to Yan Zhaoge’s words. He stood inside the white jade door with a calm expression.

While looking at Yan Zhaoge, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord spread out his palm, and a futon appeared on his palm.

Yang Jian, Ne Zha, and other Daoism descendants saw the futon, and their pupils dilated in surprise.

That was the treasure of the Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue in the past, the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat!

Just like the Triratna Jade Sceptre left by the Primordial Heavenly Lord and the Green Duckweed Sword left by the Lord of Numinous Treasure, the Lord of Dao and Virtue also left his treasures in this world after transcendence.

Most of these treasures belonged to Tushita Palace, which continued to be under the Supreme Elder Lord’s possessions.

However, there was one exception that leaked to the outside world. It was the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat.

It was just that after the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor got the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat, he kept it a secret and stored the lost transcended Three Clears’ treasure. No one could reveal its location through divination. Thus, the secret remained hidden.

With the treasure seeing the light of day again and appearing in front of Yang Jian and the rest, the Daoism descendants had an even more complicated mood.

Although it was an exchange of just a few words, people like Yang Jian and Dao Monarch Lu Ya gradually understood the whole story.

This Tempest Fiery Praying Mat sparked the aftermath and brought that magical young man into this world — Yan Zhaoge.

But maybe he had other names?

“Over that world, my name is Yan Zhaoge, and I’m also born in this appearance.” Yan Zhaoge said lightly, as if he had realized what they were thinking.

He did not turn his head but stared at the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat in the hands of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

As the futon rolled, a figure appeared on it.

The smile on Yan Zhaoge’s face disappeared, and he stared coldly at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the figure sitting on the futon.

Suo Mingzhang did not care much about the truth that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, unlike Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the rest.

But seeing the new figure at this moment, Suo Mingzhang was caught off guard.

It was a young man with facial features who looked the same as Yan Zhaoge!

The man wore a pair of long trousers and a short-sleeved shirt, which baffled Suo Mingzhang and the others.

He had a short hairstyle similar to Suo Mingzhang. However, Suo Mingzhang’s short hair was unique in this world.

Yan Zhaoge had short hair now, but he still had semi-long hair compared to Suo Mingzhang.

Yan Zhaoge was expressionless as he looked at himself dressed in jeans and a t-shirt.

There was an extra photo frame in his hand, and the person in the photo was the same as the one in front of him.

That was his body in his lifetime on Earth!

“Sure enough, you were brought here together with the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat.” Yan Zhaoge stared at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and his physical body.

In theory, the current Yan Zhaoge could change his body at will, even possibly transforming into a tree, a flower, a grass, a mountain, and so on.

It was just that others, especially the powerhouses at the same level, could discern the reality from the illusion. If it were the Supreme Martial Art like Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts, it would be difficult for others to distinguish it.

At this moment, he had already discarded the mortal’s flesh, pushed open the Immortal Door, and his spirit could cooperate with the changes in the body. The being was no longer limited in flesh and blood.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the physical body of his past life at this moment, and he could sense a connection.

It was looming but an intimate connection.

Previously, he could not sense it because the physical body was wrapped in the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat. However, Yan Zhaoge felt it immediately once it was released from the Tempest Fiery Praying Mat.

Yang Jian and the rest could also vaguely feel the looming connection between Yan Zhaoge and the body.

They could also see that it was not the product of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s falsification but the actual physical body of Yan Zhaoge’s previous life.

It was just that there was a secret art imbued in it. Even with Yan Zhaoge’s current realm strength, it still cut off the connection between them.

It was doomed before he was reincarnated.

Primordial Heavenly Devil, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, and the others looked at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

They knew the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s true form, but the inside story about Yan Zhaoge was gradually becoming clear at this moment.

Previously, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord used the heretical faith power as a facade to cover everything well.

It was not until he was pushed to the edge that Amitabha and the others finally saw through the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s true objective.

There was no need to reveal too much. The Dao Ancestors had already understood through bits of clues.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord wanted the foundation of Yan Zhaoge’s Three Clear Cultivation Technique so that he could attain his Dao!

Yan Zhaoge was strong, and now he could escape even against Dao Realm bigwigs.

Unless an opponent of a similar level entangled Yan Zhaoge, it was difficult for the Dao Ancestor to suppress or kill him, let alone capture him alive or possess his body.

Although the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord used Mahamayuri as a trap against Yan Zhaoge, the two sides were in a stalemate for a long time. Therefore, it was still difficult for him to drag Yan Zhaoge into the white jade door.

After seeing Yan Zhaoge’s physical body from Earth, the Dao Ancestors understood the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s foundation and confidence.

So the question now was would they want to stop him?

The Future Buddha Maitreya was silent at first.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord handed him the Humanly Essence Stone fragment. Upon divination, he realized that the fragment was only considered half of the whole component. There were still some of them in the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s hand, which was a deposit to get him to step out of this situation.

As for Maitreya Buddha, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord changed his direction to attain Dao Realm and no longer competed for faith power, which was essentially what he wanted.

At the same time, his real threat, Amitabha, was right in front of him.

The two heavenly devils would not intervene either. Obliterating Amitabha and bringing the Faceless Heavenly Devil into the world was what the devil needed.

The Monkey was furious, but Tathagata’s image stopped him. He was helpless to resolve the immediate trouble.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi hesitated briefly.

For him, the most important thing was to eliminate Amitabha.

After that, even if the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord changed his ways, it was still not enough to compete with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi in this era.

The only thing to worry about was Yan Zhaoge’s power realm for cultivating Three Clears at the same time. At the current Grand Heavenly Realm, his strength was outstanding already.

If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord succeeds in taking Yan Zhaoge’s foundation for his own use, his strength might also exceed expectations.

However, considering Yan Zhaoge stepped into the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s trap without scruples even when he had noticed it, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi guessed that he had something to rely on.

In the worst case, he could join hands with other Dao Ancestors to fight the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord if the Heavenly Lord were to succeed.

Thus, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi kept his advance and walked toward the center of the Green Lotus Sea again.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord looked at Yan Zhaoge calmly, “Let’s make a bet if the Supreme Elder Lord comes.”

“I don’t think it is necessary,” said Yan Zhaoge.

Even though he could feel the connection between the body in his past life and himself, Yan Zhaoge was still unfazed.

The baldachin rotated on his head, constantly resisting the suction of the white jade door.

With things being delayed at this rate, the Monkey would rush over immediately once the Tathagata’s Dharma Image dissipated first.

However, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was not in a hurry, “The Supreme may not come, but the person destined to be here will eventually come.”

Yan Zhaoge felt something. He looked sideways, and a familiar figure appeared in the distance.

It was Yan Di.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.