Chapter 1820: Yan Zhaoge Vs. The Peacock!

Chapter 1820: Yan Zhaoge Vs. The Peacock!

Under the Heavenly Essence Stone’s blazing fire, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng near the Five-Colored Divine Radiance and Ne Zha in the distance entailed strenuous burden.

The group who could barely fend for themselves in the face of Dao Realm bigwigs felt overwhelmed at the moment.

Everyone was shocked. Yang Jian retreated away from the fire first.

After the distance went a little farther, the pressure imposed on his body eased.

This made Yang Jian heave a sigh of relief. They could hardly exert their full potential if they were put under tremendous pressure when the Heavenly Essence Stone was burning. Amitabha could annihilate them quickly if that were the case.

Since the effect would be relieved if they backed away, everyone still had the chance.

But to avoid the flames, it wasn’t easy to get close to Mahamayuri, who was making his way towards Dao Realm.

Since the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord dared to use this method as his trump card, he was confident that the burning duration of the Heavenly Essence Stone was enough for Mahamayuri to attain Dao Realm!

“He is willing to sacrifice the Heavenly Essence Stone for this.” Yang Jian’s heart moved slightly. He discovered that the Heavenly Essence Stone did not affect Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the other Great Demons.

“Heavenly Essence rules, the Earth Essence bears, and the Human Essence gathers.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the white jade door above the void, “He originates from Daoism, so he can use the complete Heavenly Essence Stone to dominate and illuminate the people in Daoism. In this state, he ignites the Heavenly Essence Stone to suppress members of Daoism.”

“The foundation of this Heavenly Essence Stone, like Earthly Essence Stone and Humanly Essence Stone, comes from the Nuwa Sovereign Empress.” Yan Zhaoge looked around, “It’s a coincidence that we are all Later Heaven Beings created by Nuwa Sovereign after the world creation.”

Feng Yunsheng, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, and even Ne Zha could not help but be dumbfounded.

Daoism had young experts emerge in significant numbers in these years.

However, Yang Jian and Ne Zha were the earliest practitioners of Daoism. They were born from ancient eras.

The top powerhouses in Daoism born in Earlier Heaven had long since become history.

They were the pillars of Daoism, and they were under the Heavenly Essence Stone’s restraints.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and other Great Demons also felt troubled when they saw this.

Although the burning of the Heavenly Essence Stone did not affect them, their risks in facing Amitabha were much greater than that of Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, and the rest.

Otherwise, he would not be watching the Daoism’s combatants’ performance enviously.

No one could advance with the Heavenly Essence Stone blocking the way and Amitabha standing on guard. They could only watch the Five-Colored Divine Radiance keep flowing.

As Mahamayuri got closer and closer to the Dao Realm, his influence on the entire world increased.

The endless brilliance stirred in the void, breaking down more and more things into the primordial images of the five elements.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the white jade door and the Heavenly Essence Stone burning in the void.

He turned his attention to the vigorous Five-Colored Divine Radiance again with a playful look.

“Where is Fellow Daoist Nie now?” Yang Jian sent a private sound transmission to ask Yan Zhaoge.

“I have requested Senior Brother Nie to help me make some arrangements. He can’t stop what he is doing for now.” Yan Zhaoge replied, “Don’t worry, Daoist Brother. We will overcome any challenge that comes to us. However, please allow me to bear it alone.”

“Earthly Essence Stone?” Yang Jian raised his head and glanced at Golden Cudgel above the void, “The Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor has landed on Dao Realm. So, can you drive the Earthly Essence Stone?”

“It isn’t a difficult task for me.” After taking a deep breath, Yan Zhaoge stepped forward again!

Everyone’s eyes were fixed on him.

Clear Qi surged over Yan Zhaoge’s head, condensing into a baldachin.

A spiritual stone appeared at the top of the baldachin, which was the foundation of the Monkey in the past — the Earthly Essence Stone.

After the Monkey landed on Dao Realm, the three Golden Bodies of the Great Sage disappeared and lost their bearers. Thus, the Earthly Essence Stone returned to normal.

Yan Zhaoge placed it at the top of the baldachin. Although it was difficult to reproduce the profundities in the invulnerable demon physique of the Monkey, the flames exuded from the burning Heavenly Essence Stone could hardly affect Yan Zhaoge.

In the Earthly Essence Stone at the top of the baldachin, there seemed to be an invisible brilliance that spread out, preventing the fire from shining on Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s figure flashed. Then, he came to the edge of the Five-Colored Divine Radiance instantly.

However, Amitabha also took action at the same time.

At this moment, he ignored the threat of Immortal Extermination Formation to the Western Pure Lands and made a move to intercept Yan Zhaoge.

However, any slight changes would alter the outcome of the event.

The Heavenly Essence Stone flew out of the white jade door, suppressing Yan Zhaoge’s group.

Golden Cudgel struck the jade door immediately!

The white jade door retreated, and Golden Cudgel swung continuously, forcing the opponent to retreat.

After the green lotus made a move, the Golden Cudgel temporarily abandoned the white jade door and turned to attack the green lotus.

Amitabha was forced to deal with the Monkey’s attack first.

On the other side, the Future Buddha Maitreya also stepped up his attack on the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, forcing the devil to retreat. Then, he also came to fight Amitabha.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil came to support Amitabha immediately. At the same time, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Primordial Heavenly Devil approached accordingly.

The battle between the Dao Ancestors had turned into melee combat.

Yan Zhaoge took this opportunity to get close to the Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

The baldachin hung down on his head. The Clear Qi and the Five-Colored Divine Radiance canceled each other out.

After breaking the Five-Colored Divine Radiance, Yan Zhaoge dove straight in.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya saw that Amitabha was also in melee combat, and he wanted to follow Yan Zhaoge.

But a Buddha palm descended toward him immediately.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya was helpless with it. He hurriedly transformed into a rainbow, but it seemed he could not avoid the coverage of the Buddha’s palm attack.

Fortunately, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, next to him, reached out while he was busy and deflected the Buddha’s palm attack away. With that, Dao Monarch Lu Ya only avoided the disaster, but he did not dare to step forward again.

On top of Yan Zhaoge’s head, the Buddha light also descended, condensing into a green lotus platform to suppress him.

Yan Zhaoge raised his hand and pointed at the baldachin, sending out Clear Qi to change the green lotus platform’s trajectory.

The Clear Qi shattered, and baldachin slanted to the side.

The Monkey blocked the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and hit Amitabha simultaneously, forcing the opponent to stop pursuing Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge kept his pace and stepped inside the Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

A Buddha in white was sitting on the back of the Golden King of Peacocks.

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes fell above Mahamayuri’s head.

Five Sakyamuni Sariras, which evolved into five Golden Buddhas, were arranged in a formation.

There was a burning flame with a bone above the Five Direction Tathagata formation.

The bone was crystal clear, like a fiery red crystal, with a looming red light.

The five virtues inscriptions were engraved on the bone, and its circulation was mystical.

That was the skeleton of a phoenix.

Not an ordinary phoenix, but the first phoenix since the world’s creation.

The biological mother of Mahamayuri and Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

“It turns out to be the remains of a phoenix. It has perished and fallen into Nirvana. But, the bone isn’t burned away, and it is preserved until now.” Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge immediately understood what Mahamayuri was missing apart from the Sakyamuni Sariras in his pursuit of the Dao Realm. That would be the phoenix’s remains.

Kong Xuan opened his eyes and looked at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge met his gaze and looked at him calmly.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.