Chapter 1822: You’Re Not The Protagonist

Chapter 1822: You’re Not The Protagonist

It took eras of hard work, years of effort, and preparation.

Mahamayuri, one of the strongest Grand Heavenly Immortals in history, finally had the chance to challenge for Dao Realm in the current era.

However, all his hope was lost.

When Yan Zhaoge broke the Five-Colored Divine Radiance in front of Mahamayuri, Amitabha tried to block the attack and protect the peacock.

However, the Monkey swung his cudgel over to repel the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and hinder Amitabha’s attempt.

Amitabha’s face was filled with bitterness as always. He glanced at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord while parrying the Monkey.

With the Monkey hindering them, Yan Zhaoge struck Kong Xuan and destroyed his door to Dao Realm today!

Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Ne Zha, and others were shocked when they witnessed it from a distance.

It was not necessary to stop Mahamayuri’s ascension at this critical moment.

On the contrary, when the decision on whether Mahamayuri could enter Dao Realm was in the hands of Yan Zhaoge, it was possible to earn a considerable favor from him if done correctly.

The Monkey was born as the demon race. He regained unparalleled cultivation via Daoism and had bad blood with the Western Pure Lands, Immortal Court, and the devils.

At this moment, Mahamayuri’s identity swayed between a demon race and Buddhism.

For him, attaining Dao Realm was more important than anything.

It was understandable that he would work for whichever side helped him the most.

If Kong Xuan supported Eastern Sovereign Taiyi after attaining Dao Realm, the team would still be at a disadvantage when the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil recovered.

If Kong Xuan could not attain Dao Realm, the battle of the Dao Realm powerhouses would remain four against three.

In Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s thoughts, Yan Zhaoge did not need to be so ruthless. There was no enmity between him and Kong Xuan that could not be resolved in which he had to ruin Kong Xuan’s life entirely.

The white-robed Buddha spat out another mouthful of golden blood.

He looked up at Yan Zhaoge but saw Yan Zhaoge sigh.

“Pardon me.” Yan Zhaoge looked at Kong Xuan and said calmly, “It’s not your chance to challenge for Dao Realm all along.”

“Today, you are just like Lu Ya, Southern Extremity, and Xuandu in the past.” When Kong Xuan heard those words, he was initially bewildered and then startled.

In the Nine Underworlds game that year, the three Grand Heavenly Realm elites who competed for the chance of attaining the Dao Realm had all failed. However, the three were not the only losers at the time.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha also failed.

Why didn’t Yan Zhaoge mention Archaic Dipankara Buddha?

Because there was an essential difference between Archaic Dipankara Buddha and the other three.

Since the beginning, Archaic Dipankara Buddha was the only one who Amitabha and Western Pure Lands supported to attain Dao Realm.

Even when Amitabha wanted to find an opportunity to obliterate Maitreya Buddha in the Nine Underworlds game.

The candidate Amitabha picked to attain Dao Realm had always been Archaic Dipankara Buddha only.

On the other hand, the first choice for Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and the Supreme Elder Lord was the Monkey and not Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, or Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Mahamayuri, who understood this, looked at Yan Zhaoge in shock.

At this moment, the phoenix’s remains suddenly sent out jade light.

The jade light enveloped Yan Zhaoge’s body.

Then, the white jade door appeared right before him and opened!

Inside the white jade door came a tremendous suction force, trying to drag Yan Zhaoge in.

The rest of the people were shocked when they saw this.

The Monkey was furious and quickly abandoned Amitabha, chasing down and swinging his cudgel at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

There was a voice in the jade door, distant and ethereal. It was hard to discern the gender of the voice.

“This is how the Sakyamuni Sarira should be used.” The tone was calm, without any fluctuations. It was as if speaking to Yan Zhaoge and Mahamayuri, as well as to Amitabha, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

However, Sakyamuni Sarira, which turned into five Golden Buddhas, suddenly burst into brilliance after the sentence was uttered.

In the light, a phantom was looming.

It was no longer the Central Sara Stupa of the Nine Underworlds game but a figure.

The man’s face was sallow. Yet, his eyes showed compassion and wisdom, and he sat under the Bodhi tree, holding a Brahma flower between the thumb and middle finger.

After the Monkey saw the man, he bellowed, “Tathagata!!!”

Everyone present was familiar with the figure sitting under the Bodhi tree.

The Gautama Buddha was known as Tathagata Buddha and Lord of the Great Thunderclap Monastery. He was one of the incarnations of Dao Ancestor Zhunti!

A transcended existence in the Middle era.

At this moment, it was not the transcended Sakyamuni Tathagata Buddha returning to this world.

That smiling Golden Body with a flower had surging Buddha light. He exuded a robust air, seemingly not inferior to the Dao Ancestors of the current world.

The Buddha’s body blocked the Monkey’s path.

The Monkey, who was infuriated upon seeing his old-time nemesis, was further enraged after seeing the white jade door trying to devour Yan Zhaoge.

He could see that the Tathagata Dharma in front of him could only last for a limited time, just like the Central Sara Stupa.

But at the moment, the Monkey was stopped by it, unable to chase the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. He could only see the white jade door trying to engulf Yan Zhaoge.

Seeing the jade light that erupted from the remains of the phoenix turned into a trap to deal with Yan Zhaoge and then looking at the five Sakyamuni Sariras unleashing a previously unknown ability, Kong Xuan’s eyes were filled with bitterness, and his face showed exhaustion.

As Yan Zhaoge had said, this was not his opportunity to attain Dao Realm from the beginning to the end.

He was just a lure.

Even if he had a chance to succeed, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would not agree to it firsthand!

If Yan Zhaoge and the others could not rush in at the start, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would probably lose intentionally, allowing them to come in to ruin Kong Xuan’s plan.

The most exhausting matter for Kong Xuan was that Yan Zhaoge seemed to have expected it, but he still stepped into the trap.

On the other hand, Kong Xuan woke up from this dream, only to realize that everything was nothing but fantasy.

The situation suddenly changed drastically. The crowd had their individual thoughts.

Several Dao Ancestors shifted their eyes between the Tathagata incarnation, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and Yan Zhaoge.

In the white jade door, a voice came out this time, “Maitreya, this path belongs to you.”

A light stream flew out of the jade door again.

In each stream of light, there was an image of a Daoist person.

Each Daoist person had an ethereal image that shifted continuously as if having the faces of countless individuals appearing alternately. The face was different each moment, and the transformation was endless.

It was the treasure light formed by the gathering of massive faith power.

It was merely a piece of Human Essence Stone’s fragment!

Everyone was in awe, “Not only the Heavenly Essence Stone but also the Humanly Essence Stone?”

Amitabha took a deep look at the white jade door. Then, his figure flashed, and he intercepted the Humanly Essence Stone fragment flying toward Maitreya Buddha.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi stepped forward and stopped Amitabha.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil stared coldly at what was happening in front of them.

After the Humanly Essence Stone fragment flew out of the white jade door, they ignored the previous battle among the Dao Realm bigwigs and concentrated on suppressing Yan Zhaoge!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.