Chapter 1824: The Beginning & Origin Of Everything

Chapter 1824: The Beginning & Origin Of Everything

A figure faintly emerged from the jade door.

A pair of indifferent, majestic, and all-encompassing eyes stared at Yan Zhaoge quietly.

Yan Zhaoge had seen a lot of pictures of the figure previously.

Any Daoism Lineage disciple had seen his portrait too.

It was the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor!

After the Three Clears Patriarch had transcended, the recognized first person in Daoism and even likely to be the number one in Grand Heavenly Realm.

His full name was Welkin Golden Palace Gates Supreme Exalt Truthfulness Encompassing Splendid Jade Emperor, also known as Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, the Benevolent Sage of Heavens, Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor of the Empyrean Skies, or Emperor of Empyrean Skies.

He had not emerged in the world since the Great Calamity.

Therefore, Daoism disciples had only looked at his portrait and knew his external appearance but had never seen a real person.

Yan Zhaoge had seen not only the portrait but also the person himself.

It was just that it did not happen in this life.

It happened during his previous life when he was the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Martial Repository’s hall spirit.

At that time, Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor was the Lord of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace!

The Great Calamity had originated from this.

“You helped Tathagata Buddha during the Middle era, and is this what Tathagata Buddha left for you in return?” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes moved between the white jade door and the Tathagata’s Dharma image.

In the era of Journey to the West in the Middle Ages, Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace communicated with the Central Blessed Lands of Saha’s Buddhism to help Western Buddhism spread eastward.

The Great Sage Equalling Heavens came here when he tore the sky with his cudgel and stirred up turmoil in heaven.

In the end, they fell into the Tathagata Buddha’s plot.

At the end of the Middle era, Buddhism was flourishing. Dao Ancestor Zhunti, also known as Tathagata Buddha, succeeded in taking the last step ahead of others and transcending from this world.

Yang Jian and Ne Zha looked at the majestic emperor, who finally revealed his true form in the jade door with complicated expressions.

“Like the Maitreya Buddha, you were also blocked from the door to attaining Dao Realm under the normal circumstances, so you went with the flow and accepted the Humanly Essence Stone fragments provided by Western Pure Lands. Then, you have switched to the path of heretics?” Yang Jian asked with a frown. “You intend to use the Heavenly Essence Stone to illuminate all Daoism descendants, continue your ruling, and acquire faith power?”

“Fortunately, Purple Tenuity Emperor, Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord, Primordial Suppressing Immortal, Queen Mother, and others stopped you and halted you from reaching your best outcome!” Ne Zha faced this seemingly familiar and unfamiliar figure with anger in his eyes and gnashed his teeth, “It’s a pity that they all perished because of this.”

The majestic emperor in the white jade door finally spoke again. “It’s not a pity. They have played their due role.”

Listening to the words of approval, Yan Zhaoge showed a sarcastic expression on his face, “That’s for you because it’s your alternative plan to rely on the heretics’ faith power.”

“Using the heretic arts to attain Dao Realm has never been your goal, nor is it a helpless move without other choices, but it is to hide the truth.” Yan Zhaoge looked directly at the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, “Of course, you must have strived for more power as your foundation when you attain Dao Realm so that you will have more time and more power to wrestle with other Dao Ancestors and take your destiny in your own hands. It’s all because you need support in your ultimate goal.”

“Let’s take a step back. Even if you failed your first goal, you have become a Dao Ancestor above all immortals.”

Ne Zha looked in shock at Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor in the jade door.

Yang Jian and Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s eyes fell on Yan Zhaoge, watching the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor constantly trying to absorb Yan Zhaoge into the white jade door.

Yan Zhaoge spun the baldachin above his head, resisting the jade door’s suction force.

“No, that’s not right.” Yan Zhaoge suddenly laughed aloud, “Perhaps, you had no choice. Attaining Dao Realm with heretic faith power was your original plan.”

“In fact, I’m just your backup plan at the beginning? That ensures you still have a backup plan if you fail in the Great Calamity.”

“Everyone in the world now says I’m related to the Elder Lord. They’re right.” Yan Zhaoge let out a long sigh, “But it’s you.”

The former Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor and the current Immeasurable Heavenly Lord said at this time, “You are even better than I expected back then.”

Regarding Yan Zhaoge’s speculation, he neither confirmed nor denied it.

But that was enough.

“The Tempest Fiery Praying Mat left by the Lord of Dao and Virtue is in your hands!” Yan Zhaoge stared at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, “It’s not the Supreme Elder Lord, but you who brought me here!”

Since it was a relic of the Three Clears, it still disturbed the Elder Lord in the end.

The Elder Lord was unpredictable and had lived in seclusion for many years. Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor bet he still would not intervene this time.

But in the end, the Elder Lord stepped in.

In Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Martial Repository, there was a Peerless Heavenly Scripture that only Yan Zhaoge could see.

Although the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor could not see the contents of the scripture, he was aware of the Supreme Elder Lord’s intervention.

After the initial surprise, he discovered that the Elder Lord seemed to have no other follow-up actions.

After consideration, the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor made a bold decision.

Taking advantage of the situation, he devised a new and crazier plan. He even utilized the original goal of using heretical faith power to attain the Dao Realm as support and facade.

“In the Eight Extremities World, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor intended to make things difficult for me. In fact, he was vaguely aware that I was related to you, so he wanted to get rid of me quickly.” Yan Zhaoge said lightly, “Later, he found out that there seemed to be traces of the Supreme Elder Lord on me. So he gave up the plan to get rid of me and prepared to use it later.”

“Perhaps he doesn’t know the specifics, but he vaguely feels that this is an opportunity he can take advantage of.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled and shouted, “Brother Southern Extremity, you should be able to hear my voice now. You dare to take advantage of the Supreme Elder Lord’s course of actions because you think that the two Dao Ancestors check and balance each other, and you can find opportunities in it.”

There was a faint sound of thunder in the endless void, like a long sigh.

Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and even the Archaic Dipankara Buddha in Western Pure Lands were all silent.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord did not mind hearing Yan Zhaoge talking further.

Although the white jade door could not absorb Yan Zhaoge into it, the jade light gradually covered his body.

Yan Zhaoge was not in a hurry. While continuing to fight against the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, he asked, “I understand a lot of my doubts, but there is one question that I don’t understand.”

He looked at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, “Why me? Is there a reason, or did you pick randomly?”

“Whether it’s the creation of this place or where you came from, your understanding of martial art techniques is high and unique, and only I notice it. Even if someone has a Heaven Containing Purified Soul, he will not be as good as you,” said the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord lightly.

“I’m happy to hear this. Thank you, I accept your compliment bluntly.” Yan Zhaoge said, “But sorry, I can’t let your plan succeed.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.