Chapter 1823: It’S Been A Long Time!

Chapter 1823: It’s Been A Long Time!

Amitabha failed to intercept the Humanly Essence Stone fragment. Thus, he drifted backward quickly rather than being entangled on the spot.

However, the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil blocked Amitabha’s path decisively.

Behind Amitabha, Maitreya Buddha, who received the Humanly Essence Stone fragment, surrounded him with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

Amitabha was not surprised. He looked at the two heavenly devils in front of him and sighed silently.

The devils wanted the Faceless Heavenly Devil to descend into the world, and there were two ways for it.

Firstly, the devils could help Amitabha to eliminate Maitreya Buddha and be in the lead against Eastern Sovereign Taiyi so that he could transcend in this era.

The second option was to obliterate Amitabha.

Of course, Amitabha was stronger than Maitreya Budda, given he was one of the oldest beings in the world.

The two heavenly devils had a significant advantage to team up with Amitabha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to fight Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, the Monkey, and Maitreya Buddha in a four-on-three situation.

This established the previous circumstances.

However, the Monkey was temporarily hindered by the entanglement of the Tathagata.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord made it clear that he would no longer help Amitabha.

The two heavenly devils could either team up with Amitabha to fight against Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Maitreya Buddha, which evolved into a three-on-two situation.

Otherwise, they could team up with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Maitreya Buddha and fight Amitabha together on a four-on-one battlefield.

It goes without saying which option was easier.

In the latter option, even if the Supreme Elder Lord suddenly intervened to help Amitabha, Maitreya Buddha and the rest still had good odds.

The probability of success had reached its peak under current conditions.

Maitreya Buddha was in a safe situation. Even though it was unknown if Eastern Sovereign Taiyi would go all out, that was enough.

In the current situation, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was satisfied, the devils were satisfied, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was satisfied, and Maitreya Buddha was much more pleased.

Aside from the Amitabha, Daoism was also in trouble.

The Tathagata phantom had hindered the Monkey. It would take a while before he could break free from the entanglement.

The white jade door, which the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord manifested, summoned a tremendous suction force, trying to drag Yan Zhaoge into it.

Under the blazing flame of the Heavenly Essence Stone, Yang Jian and the rest could only stay anxious in the peripheral area.

“He gave up the possibility of improving his heretical art. What is his intention?” Suo Mingzhang’s eyes were cold, “He has taken a fancy to the Three Clears Practitioner’s body and wants to take it for his own use?”

The third vertical eye between Yang Jian’s eyebrows kept blinking, “That’s probably the plan, but what is he going to do? Not to mention the amazing strength of Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation, even Dao Ancestors could hardly achieve this feature. Even if the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord succeeds, it’s still irrational. How can he ensure a firm foundation?”

Facing this situation, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the Great Demons were equally astonished.

Incongruence Divine Mother and Cloudy Firmament Fairy, who were in charge of Immortal Extermination Formation, were helpless against the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Tathagata.

They could not count on Maitreya Buddha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi at this moment.

For Maitreya Buddha, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, who gave up the faith power, was no longer a competitor.

The previous grudges could be resolved with the Humanly Essence Stone fragment.

Amitabha was his greatest rival and threat from beginning to end.

For Amitabha, he was eager to get rid of Maitreya Buddha too.

Conversely, wasn’t that the case with Maitreya Buddha as well?

However, Maitreya Budda could not do anything to his opponent but stay wary of the opponent’s murderous intentions.

Although Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was trying to ensure the safety of Maitreya Buddha, he would not go to the extent of fighting Amitabha in a life-and-death battle.

Once Eastern Sovereign Taiyi had transcended, Maitreya Buddha still had to face Amitabha’s threat.

Now that there was such an opportunity to eliminate the most prominent threat, how could he let it go so easily?

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was not in an urgency like the Maitreya Buddha now, and he also did not have to save Yan Zhaoge either.

If there were a choice between ensuring the elimination of Amitabha and helping Yan Zhaoge, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi would undoubtedly choose the former.

A heavy siege surrounded Amitabha, and it was difficult for him to escape for a while.

His face was calm. His palms clasped together, a green lotus appeared under his seat, a treasured dhvaja appeared on the top of his head, and the colored glaze-like radiance spread throughout the sky.

As the oldest Dao Ancestor in the world, Amitabha had a spectacular career.

He rode on the green lotus, the light and shadow flashed, and he was in front of the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil in an instant.

The treasured dhvaja above the Buddha’s head slammed into the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, and the momentum was so fierce that it seemed he could directly smash the world into pieces.

Amitabha first picked the weakest Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil among the four opponents to break through the encirclement.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil did not fight recklessly with Amitabha. On the contrary, he took the initiative to avoid the attack and vanished.

However, that opened up an escaping pathway for Amitabha.

The opponents Amitabha had to face were too many and too strong.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil disappeared, and the Primordial Heavenly Devil appeared in that position, unwaveringly punching Amitabha’s treasured dhvaja.

The treasured dhvaja flew back to the top of Amitabha’s head and immediately turned to the other direction to intercept Maitreya Buddha’s attack.

But at the same time, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi came as well.

Amitabha shook his head and closed his eyes.

The fragrance filled the air. A sea of green lotus flowers instantly appeared, engulfing the enemies.

There was a sarira above each green lotus which emitted glaring rays.

The brilliance on the green lotus flowers crisscrossed. They incarnated a Western Pure Land, shining brightly in the world without fear.

An ancient bronze bell appeared on the top of Eastern Sovereign Taiyi’s head. The sound of the bell echoed and sent out a substantial shockwave, trembling the universe.

Even the pure Buddha Land could not bear this great power.

Green lotus and sarira exploded one after another. A corner of the incarnated Buddha land was lost in the process.

Immediately after, the same number of green lotuses reappeared to make up for the damaged Buddha land.

In the past, Amitabha would launch the offense on his initiative, but it did not show his real capability.

The Lord of the Western Pure Land was better at defending than attacking.

Although it was not as good as the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower atop the Supreme Elder Lord’s head, Amitabha was the Dao Ancestor who was the strongest defender in the world besides the Supreme Elder Lord.

But his opponent was far more than one person today.

The ancient bronze bell above Eastern Sovereign Taiyi’s head vibrated, and ripples were sent out.

On the other hand, the Primordial Heavenly Devil was expressionless. He raised his hand and clenched his fist, punching the sea of green lotus flowers.

Like the terrifying power that opened the heavens and split the earth, it kept smashing the green lotuses.

The ancestor of ten thousand devils and the sovereign since ancient times attacked the sea of flowers from two directions.

Green lotuses and sariras kept shattering and replenishing, but the speed could not keep up with the intensification of the destruction.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and Maitreya Buddha also stepped forward. The four Dao Ancestors walked step by step towards the flower sea’s center.

On the other side, Yan Zhaoge was not flustered and quietly looked at the white jade door in front of him.

As the baldachin spun above his head, he constantly dissolved the suction from the jade door.

The two sides were at a stalemate for a while.

A jade light gradually appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s body, but he was as calm as ever. Then, he looked into the jade door, “Great Heavenly Lord, it’s been a long time!”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.