Chapter 1835: Heed My Words

Chapter 1835: Heed My Words

Yan Zhaoge erected the Immortal Extermination Formation and trapped Origin Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil inside.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Maitreya Buddha naturally attempted to rescue the two heavenly devils.

It was not because of the alliance but the premise that they would perish too if the devils were abolished.

Several Dao Ancestors had joined forces but were still helpless against Yan Zhaoge.

If another two among them had fallen, they would have fewer allies. By then, they would no longer be able to defend themselves against Yan Zhaoge.

At this moment, even Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Amitabha stopped fighting.

It was true that the two of them were the oldest beings in the world, and the two Dao Realm bigwigs were closest to transcendence.

If there were no significant variables, only Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Amitabha would be competing for transcendence in this era.

The two sides would compete with each other and secure their plans.

To a certain extent, most of the incidents were rooted around the two Dao Ancestors, a demon race and a Buddha.

However, a significant change had happened.

Yan Zhaoge attained the Dao Realm, and he was unprecedentedly powerful!

Typically speaking, it should not be so early for Yan Zhaoge to attain Dao Realm.

However, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord gave him a hand.

In other words, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s plan had destined the birth of a Three Clears Dao Ancestor.

It was either Yan Zhaoge or Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

The path of transcendence for Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Amitabha was bound to be turbulent.

Regardless of who became the Dao Ancestor and attained a significant mastery of the Three Clear Lineages, competing for the transcendence slot in this era was impossible without prior preparation.

However, even when Yan Zhaoge might not be able to attain transcendence, he could decide who could not do so.

With adequate combat power, he had the right to determine who could not transcend!

After all, the slot for transcendence was limited.

An existence like Yan Zhaoge was equivalent to occupying a stable transcendent slot, especially when group besiegement was still ineffective against him.

Even if Yan Zhaoge was not prepared for transcendence, he could kill anyone going for it until he was ready.

Maitreya Buddha’s group ignored the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, who was the instigator of the battle.

The immediate problem in front of them was how to deal with Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge was the undisputed public enemy.

A public enemy that brought everyone to despair.

Several Dao Ancestors wanted to save the two heavenly devils from the Immortal Extermination Formation first.

However, the Immortal Extermination Formation was different from the past.

Dao Ancestor could not maneuver freely in the formation anymore.

It was unrealistic to snatch the sword and break the formation. After all, the risk in it was too much to bear.

Any mishap would result in their death.

The sword formation capable of destroying the world not only attacked those within it but also sent onslaughts to the enemies outside. The attacks from the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, Maitreya Buddha, and the others were continuously repelled away.

Yan Zhaoge left the platform in the formation, strolled in front of Origin Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, and slashed downward!

Everyone could only watch the two heavenly devils perish!

Heaven and earth were shaken with every creation trembling.

Even the devil dao seemed to be grieving at this moment of Dao Ancestor’s perishment.

“Not only the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower and Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos, but the Immortal Extermination Formation and the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture has upgraded to this level.” Maitreya Buddha silently looked at Yan Zhaoge, “We exist at the same time with him in this world. Even without our authorities, he can command the world with his words alone.”

The two heavenly devils fell. The Immortal Extermination Formation began to expand outwards, intending to devour the rest.

Maitreya Buddha sighed. He morphed into a white lotus and retreated.

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge had contained the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord in his formation.

“Bringing an end to the immeasurable.” Immeasurable Heavenly Lord slowly recited Yan Zhaoge’s words. Then, he looked directly at Yan Zhaoge and shook his head.

He did not speak any further but raised his remaining hand. He held up the golden light and shot it down at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was calm. He had also raised a hand, sending out the looming baldachin phantom.

In the blink of an eye, Grand Peerless Primordial Qi broke the golden palace in the hand of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and then smashed the remaining hand of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

Yan Zhaoge pushed the baldachin forward. With the baldachin fell over, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was smashed into smithereens!

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord looked blankly at Yan Zhaoge as his body shattered.

At this moment, his body seemed to be made of jade. Then, it shattered and scattered, disappearing into ashes.

The former champion in the Grand Heavenly Realm, the ruler of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, had fallen.

Daoism reached its peak in the hands of the Three Clears Lineage. It began to decline after the transcendence of Three Clears Lineage, particularly in his hands.

In the end, the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor personally pushed Daoism to the abyss.

However, he got to witness the re-emergence of Daoism.

The last moments of his life were the beginning of Daoism’s return to its peak.

Yan Zhaoge destroyed three Dao Realm powerhouses, Origin Heavenly Devil, Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, and Immeasurable Heavenly Lord in one day.

Yet, he was unfazed. He just looked at the place where the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord disappeared, feeling a little emotional.

Although the heavenly lord had evil intentions from the beginning, it was indeed the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord who brought him to this world and thus many things that followed.

He had experienced a life that could never be experienced on Earth, including many joys, sorrows, ups, and downs.

All of these came to an end.

After dispersing the Immortal Extermination Formation and returning the four ancient swords to Incongruence Divine Mother and Cloudy Firmament Lady, Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands to the Monkey, “Thank you, Daoist Brother, for assisting me.”

The Monkey smiled and said, “It should be me thanking you. You really opened my eyes.”

“Brother Daoist, stop pulling my leg.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Please wait for me a little bit. I will quickly return.”

“The Supreme Elder Lord wants to ask a favor to spare Amitabha, while I’m hoping for your mercy to Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.” The Monkey knew what Yan Zhaoge was going to do.

Yan Zhaoge said with a smile, “The Supreme Elder Lord’s thoughts are erratic. However, since both of you have spoken up, I will naturally follow it. However, keeping them alive may bring some troubles for us to take care of in the future.”

Then, Yan Zhaoge’s figure disappeared in place.

The Monkeys rested on a pergola and looked into the distance.

Yan Zhaoge went to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus first.

On the Blessed Lands where the blossoming white lotuses were, Maitreya Buddha felt a chill on his back as soon as he returned to his home base.

After he turned around, it was indeed Yan Zhaoge.

“From today onward, there are no more heretics in this world,” said Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

He raised his palm and slammed it at the massive Maitreya Buddha’s image formed through the faith of countless Buddhas.

Maitreya Buddha sighed and raised his palms to block Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

As soon as the palms collided, Maitreya Buddha’s body trembled like a sand sculpture, collapsing and disintegrating.

Starlights lit up from the disintegrating massive Buddha body.

The lights were innumerable, as if the streamers of lights from the cosmic stars surrounded Yan Zhaoge.

These starlights were like endless calamities, waiting for all beings in the future.

The road ahead was full of hardships, and only by taking refuge in Buddhism could it be purified.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge smiled. He raised his hand and pointed at the lights. Soon, those stars were dimmed.

Then, he sent his palm attack again. Maitreya Buddha’s image manifested through faiths disintegrated and turned into dust.

The dust cleared, revealing a fat Buddha holding a pouch and sitting on a white lotus.

“In the end, we all lost.” Maitreya Buddha no longer had a smile on his face and sighed.

Yan Zhaoge raised his palm. All the Humanly Essence Stone fragments that the Maitreya Buddha held fell into his possession.

He took the bag and put the Maitreya Buddha into it.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.