Chapter 1836: The Endless Dao (The Finale!)

Chapter 1836: The Endless Dao (The Finale!)

Yan Zhaoge contained the Maitreya Buddha in the pouch and clapped it!

The pouch then deflated, signifying that another Dao Realm bigwig had fallen!

Today was destined to be a day that would be archived in the chronicles forever.

Four Dao Realm bigwigs had fallen despite their innumerable lifespans combined.

Yan Zhaoge did not stop at the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Without the Future Buddha and the Humanly Essence Stone, this place was destined to disappear. Then, there would be people in Daoism or others to handle the population.

Yan Zhaoge took one step, and the white lotus field in front of him turned into a field of green lotus.

Arriving at the Western Pure Lands, Yan Zhaoge looked at the Amitabha who had returned here, “Dao Brother, excuse my intrusion.”

Amitabha closed his eyes and sat on the green lotus, showing no breath of life, as if he had died.

In the previous catastrophe, he was besieged.

If Yan Zhaoge had not attracted the attention of others later, Amitabha would have died on the spot.

Although he had avoided this catastrophe, he was still frail.

However, even in his prime, he was no match for the current Yan Zhaoge.

From this point of view, all of them had lost today.

Amitabha no longer cared about Future Buddha Maitreya and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Having suffered heavy losses previously, he had now lost confidence in transcendence.

What’s more? Even if Maitreya perished and he was not injured, the decision of who could transcend in this era was no longer a battle between him and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi but in the hands of another person.

Yan Zhaoge did not show his stance. Thus, Maitreya Buddha’s existence was no longer important to Amitabha.

Amitabha could imagine why Yan Zhaoge came here.

But it was no longer something he could decide.

Yan Zhaoge met Amitabha and waved at Western Pure Lands.

The blossoming green lotuses had separated on both sides. A towering tree appeared in the Land of Buddhism. It was lush and green with unlimited spiritual qi, containing the spirituality of heaven and earth.

There were fruits on the branches looming among the green leaves; each fruit was like a baby.

A flower would bloom every 3000 years, and a fruit would bear after another 3000 years. Then, it took another 3000 years to rip. Thus, it roughly took 10,000 years to eat a fruit coming out of the tree. However, eating a fruit brought longevity for 47,000 years. Each harvest would not exceed 30 fruits. The fruits had the spiritual qis condensed in them. It was the Ginseng Tree that originally belonged to the Primordial Suppressing Immortal.

In the Great Calamity in the past, Primordial Suppressing Immortal was invited by the Purple Tenuity Emperor to Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace to jointly investigate the mysterious behavior of the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor. The result was that the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor wanted to illuminate Daoism to attain Dao Realm.

In the final battle, the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor succeeded. Followed by the Future Buddha’s attack came the collapse of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace and the advent of the Great Calamity. All forces participated in getting what they needed, sweeping the world into chaos.

The Primordial Suppressing Immortal perished in the hands of the Jade Eminent Heavenly Lord Emperor, and his Ginseng Tree fell into the Western Pure Lands’ possession.

Yan Zhaoge destroyed the Immortal Court thousands of years ago and did not see the Ginseng Tree, so he came to Western Pure Lands to find it.

He beckoned. The Ginseng Tree flew off the ground and landed on his hand. Although it was unearthed, it was not hurt in the slightest, and it was still in lush green as if Yan Zhaoge’s palm was the best fertile soil.

Yan Zhaoge pointed at the green lotuses.

In the Western Pure Lands, some figures flew into the sky.

Those were Buddha Bhantes. The pure glazed Buddha light was all around their body.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge picked them out from the crowd. Some put their palms together, and they looked peaceful. Some people were furious, while some people were afraid and uneasy.

These Buddhist Bhantes were those who participated in the Great Calamity.

Many of those who participated were buried in the flow of time, but there were still some survivors to be found.

Yan Zhaoge could recall the details of the Great Calamity clearly, given his current strength.

Yan Zhaoge knew who in Western Pure Lands was involved and who was not.

It was time for the reckoning.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva stayed out of the way and sat still.

Looking at those who Yan Zhaoge singled out, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva had a look of pity in their eyes.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha sat in a ball of Buddha light and appeared in front of Yan Zhaoge.

“Someone wants to see you,” said Yan Zhaoge lightly.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s expression remained unchanged.

Back in the Great Calamity, he was deeply entangled in it. He could even be said to be one of the leading figures.

With the Monkey and Yan Zhaoge attaining Dao Realm one after another, Daoism had turned from decline to prosperity. Retribution was bound to come.

There was more than one person among the Daoism folks seeking Dipankara Buddha.

The most urgent of them all was Ne Zha, without a doubt.

At the same time, Ne Zha was undoubtedly not the last person.

“Praise the Supreme Dao Lord for enjoying boundless longevity.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked calm and bowed to Yan Zhaoge.

“Let’s go.” Yan Zhaoge reached out and took Archaic Dipankara Buddha and others.

“Unexpectedly, the Great Heavenly Venerate made such a plan.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked at Yan Zhaoge with a complicated expression, unable to say anything.

He was one of the few people under the Dao Realm who knew the true identity of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

However, many things went beyond his expectations.

The more he looked at Yan Zhaoge, the deeper this feeling became.

Yan Zhaoge ignored Archaic Dipankara Buddha, who sighed in his heart. The next moment, the group appeared in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea.

The goal of coming here was the same as the Western Pure Lands.

The situation dissuaded the Monkey from speaking kind words for the demon races. What he could do was not to help either side.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi quietly watched Yan Zhaoge take away the demons involved in the Great Calamity.

Yan Zhaoge looked at him calmly.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge was collecting some interest. Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Amitabha brought the birth of heretics. Yan Zhaoge had plans to deal with them in the future.

When Yan Zhaoge returned to Daoism’s universe, everyone else in Daoism was already waiting there.

“Praise the Dao Lord who enjoys boundless longevity!” Regardless of the level of cultivation, everyone bowed to Yan Zhaoge at this moment.

This ceremony was not only to honor Yan Zhaoge attaining the status of Dao Lord but also to honor the rise of Yan Zhaoge, praising orthodox Daoism for returning it to a prosperous state. At this instant, Daoism had truly ruled the heavens again and risen above the sky!

“You’re overly courteous. We’re all from the same lineage.” Yan Zhaoge returned greetings to everyone.

He first went to the newly developed Wuzhuang Temple in the recent century and planted the Ginseng Tree.

“Praise the Dao Lord who enjoys boundless longevity!” The contemporary master of Wuzhuang Temple and all the disciples bowed to Yan Zhaoge together.

After handing over the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and the rest, Yan Zhaoge came to Yan Di.

Of course, Xue Chuqing waited there too.

Xue Chuqing looked at Yan Zhaoge with a complicated look at the moment.

In addition to being injured in infancy when he was young, she and Yan Zhaoge reunited after many years in World beyond Worlds.

For her, the young man in front of her was her child.

But she understood that it was different for Yan Di.

Yan Di was also watching Yan Zhaoge quietly.

At this moment, the tiredness in his eyes did not dissipate but grew heavier.

For him, he would not hesitate any longer when he decided to do something.

But it was different this time.

Yan Zhaoge raised his hand, and a faint shadow flew out from his hand.

When Yan Zhaoge utilized Triratna Jade Sceptre and smashed the fake body he made in Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, that body contained such a shadow.

The Triratna Jade Sceptre absorbed the shadow later on. Later, Triratna Jade Sceptre combined with Yan Zhaoge, boosting him to the Dao Realm and becoming one with him.

Yan Zhaoge could naturally separate the shadow.

Yan Zhaoge had already guessed before he started.

After all, that body was the closest to him in this life.

The exchange of the two was also the most appropriate and most appropriate.

“Although it is thousands of years old, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord has taken care of it so that it can be preserved to this day,” said Yan Zhaoge softly.

Yan Di reached out to take the shadow. Xue Chuqing moved her lips but did not speak out in the end.

It was not difficult for them to reshape their bodies.

What was difficult was what the family should do.

“Master, I’ll go first.” After a long pause, Yan Zhaoge said with a smile.

“Don’t call me Master,” said Yan Di flatly.

Yan Zhaoge looked at him calmly.

“Give me time to think about it…” Yan Di, who had always been domineering, muttered after a long silence this time.

Xue Chuqing slowly but firmly shook her head at Yan Zhaoge. Although she did not say a word, she was not satisfied with Yan Zhaoge’s address.

Yan Zhaoge nodded to her, then looked at Yan Di. After a slight silence, he smiled, turned his body to the other side, and left.

As he walked, someone held his hand from the side.

Yan Zhaoge turned his head to look over and saw Feng Yunsheng’s face.

She met his eyes with a warm smile on her face.

“It’s much better than I expected.” Yan Zhaoge’s smile was much more brilliant than before.

“Things will get better,” said Feng Yunsheng with a smile.

Yan Zhaoge looked up at the sky, “Yes.”

His eyes crossed the empty void and scanned the universe.

As usual, Suo Mingzhang stayed in his house every time he returned. For thousands of years, he would accompany the Canghua Heavenly Tree.

One person and one tree accompanied each other as if it could go on forever.

Then, Yan Zhaoge saw Yang Jian, who was not particular about tradition, put out a table and worshiped the remains of his mentor, Jade Cauldron Cultivated Deity. It was an offering to celebrate Daoism returning to its rightful place.

Gao Qingxuan was seen leading Yu Ye, Long Xueji, Gao Xuebo, Gao Qing, and others to pay tribute to Vine Sovereign Li Ying, who had passed away thousands of years ago.

Sect Leader Yuan Zhengfeng burnt incense to worship his mentor, the ancestor of the Broad Creed Mountain lineage in the Eight Extremities World in the past, Zhan Xilou, who died young.

Then, Shi Jun accompanied his mother, Ying Yuzhen, to collect medicine. Next to the duo was a young woman with picturesque features. It should be Shi Jun’s wife.

Although many beings keep getting old and disappearing, new ones emerge like an endless stream.

Feng Yunsheng asked, “What are your plans next? Are you going to help the Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor to transcend as soon as possible?”

“I do have this plan,” Yan Zhaoge replied.

“I wonder if the Great Sage can win if it finds the Tathagata Buddha in the end?” Feng Yunsheng thought in a trance.

“Great Sage doesn’t care if he wins or not. What he has in mind is that he must fight this battle, and he will never give up.” Yan Zhaoge said, “The reason why the Great Sage is Great Sage lies in this will.”

“Yeah.” Feng Yunsheng was also fascinated by the spirit. She looked at Yan Zhaoge and asked, “What about your transcendence? Do you have any clues on it?”

“Even if I do, I don’t want to leave this world yet.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Besides, I don’t have time to think about those now.”

Hearing the second half of the sentence, Feng Yunsheng couldn’t help but wonder, “Then, what are you busy thinking about now?”

“As long as the person is not destroyed, Dao Ancestor can fish out people from the reincarnation.” Yan Zhaoge said leisurely, “If no other Dao Realm people are obstructing and interfering…”

(The End)

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.