Chapter 1831: Integrating Three Clears Into One

Chapter 1831: Integrating Three Clears Into One

Although the devils wanted the Faceless Heavenly Devil to descend into the world, much effort and planning still needed to be done even if Amitabha perished.

At this moment, future worries had to come after the immediate threat. Therefore, the Primordial Heavenly Devil could only temporarily put aside the besiegement onto Amitabha and focus on their immediate trouble.

Otherwise, he and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil might perish before the Faceless Heavenly Devil descends into the world!

Would the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Maitreya Buddha continue to siege Amitabha?

Could they finally send the world’s oldest Buddha into peril?

The Primordial Heavenly Devil could not care less about it anymore.

From now on, his concern would only be Yan Zhaoge in front of him!

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil’s face was calm like peaceful water. He advanced and attacked Yan Zhaoge together with the Primordial Heavenly Devil!

“Maitreya, don’t forget that when Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was destroyed, I took a share, and you have a share too.” Immeasurable Heavenly Lord said quietly, “When the Three Clears Lineage suffered a catastrophe, Western Pure Lands, Astro Mountains Starry Sea, Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and the Nine Underworlds were involved. You all have to repay the karma in the end.”

Maitreya Buddha was silent.

After the Nine Underworlds incident, the Monkey linked orthodox Daoism, the demon races, and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus together due to the pressure from the external enemies.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, the Monkey, and Maitreya Buddha teamed up against Amitabha Ancestor, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, Primordial Heavenly Devil, and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

However, this alliance was not united.

The key to maintaining it was not because of the Monkey’s attitude but because everyone had a common enemy. Only then could the alliance barely be born.

The conflicts and hatreds between the factions in the alliance were quite hefty.

Once the balance of power was broken and one party’s strength was significantly higher than others, this alliance would disperse.

At this moment, the person capable of breaking the balance had appeared!

Yan Zhaoge had successfully landed on Dao Realm.

The demon races had the Monkey to mediate the relationship, but the outcome would be unpredictable in the end.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were in immediate danger!

After the Great Calamity in the past, the Daoism Lineage fell into an unprecedented abyss. Everyone fled and strayed in the void without a home.

All the while, there was the Immortal Court and the Blessed Land of White Lotus hunting them down and illuminating them!

The Daoism descendants had shed too much blood in the hands of the two heretics.

In recent years, the contradictions and grievances seemed to be temporarily suppressed.

But no one had forgotten about the grievance, neither the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus nor the orthodox Daoism.

Maitreya Buddha looked at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord as if he saw his future self.

Yan Zhaoge had attained Dao Realm at where the Immortal Court was.

The yesterday’s Immortal Court would be tomorrow’s Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Although Maitreya Buddha wanted to obliterate Amitabha the most, Yan Zhaoge’s threat level had surpassed Amitabha after witnessing Yan Zhaoge’s attack. Maitreya Buddha felt like a blade was put on his back.

After a short silence, Maitreya Buddha let out a long sigh. He folded his hands towards Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, “I hope Eastern Sovereign will send Amitabha into extinction.”

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi stared at him, “Have you made up your mind?”

“We’re interdependent, so I have to do it.” The white lotus flew and fell to Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge grasped Maitreya Buddha’s thoughts thoroughly.

But he did not care. Instead, he smiled calmly, “Sooner or later, we have to fight. It’s quite a convenience to settle the grievance today.”

Seeing his leisure attitude, the rest could not help but sigh in their hearts.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord lobbied everywhere to unite the crowd.

However, Yan Zhaoge did not plan to disintegrate the team and tackle the opponent separately. Instead, he faced all his enemies head-on!

“I don’t mind that you ask for help, but you’re quite displeasing to the ear.” He smiled at the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

While laughing, Yan Zhaoge stood still. As he sent out his palm, he incarnated a massive suction force and dragged the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to himself again.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord put his remaining arm on his chest and yelled.

The Tathagata Dharma Image, who was fighting with the Monkey at first, gave up on entangling the Monkey and came to protect the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

Having the Monkey depleting its energy, the Tathagata Dharma Image was on the verge of vanishing.

However, it exuded intense pressure before it truly disappeared.

The Buddha’s two fingers with a sallow complexion were like heaven and earth. The true essence of endless compassion and wisdom flowed in it.

Amidst the chanting of majestic Buddhist doctrines, the blossoming udumbara flowers [1] descended, blocking Yan Zhaoge’s footsteps.

Yan Zhaoge flicked his palm, sweeping away the golden flowers.

Anything his palm touched would have its golden light dissipated, vanished, and never be seen again.

There was a Bodhi tree atop the incarnated Buddha’s image.

When the Bodhi flower bloomed, all sentient beings became enlightened.

Those lost in the sea of suffering could not reach the other side of reincarnation.

However, Yan Zhaoge had raised his other hand in response.

He pushed his hands forward to the sides in front of his chest.

Immediately, the boundless sea of suffering was forcibly torn apart. Then, Yan Zhaoge boarded the other side and smashed the reincarnation shore quickly!

As Yan Zhaoge got under the Bodhi tree, he reached out his hand and pushed it.

The tree fell and then dissipated, leaving no trace of it.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil had already arrived beside Yan Zhaoge. He raised his hand and punched Yan Zhaoge as well.

Wherever the punch crossed, the universe was shaken as if it was about to puncture.

It carried the signs of establishing a new creation on the spot — a new creation that belonged to the devils, chaos, destruction, and the pure lands of madness.

Yan Zhaoge glanced at the devil from the corner of his eye and said. “As I attain the Dao Realm, your primordial art does not work anymore.”

As Yan Zhaoge spoke, an auspicious cloud appeared above his head. It was blurred and vague, like chaos, with unclear borders. It appeared tiny but seemed vast and boundless the next moment.

Sensing the Primordial Heavenly Devil’s attack, the auspicious cloud collapsed toward the center and turned into a Daoist figure.

The Daoist figure was looming, possessing the dual properties of ethereal and materialization.

The surrounding clouds and airflow vaguely formed a carriage, with necklaces and fragrant clouds surrounding it.

The Daoist sat on the carriage. An auspicious cloud faintly appeared above his head, and there was a golden lamp in the center of the auspicious cloud.

As the lights flickered, the surrounding chaotic airflow kept rising and falling.

When the others saw it, they were shocked, “Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos!”

Everyone looked at Nie Jingshen but saw an auspicious cloud looming over Nie Jingshen’s head.

“Primordial art is unique. How is this possible?” Everyone was puzzled.

The Tathagata’s Image could no longer hinder the Monkey. With that, the Monkey rushed over to assist Yan Zhaoge. However, when the Monkey saw the auspicious cloud above Yan Zhaoge’s head, he stopped between Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Yan Zhaoge.

If the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi continued to trouble the Amitabha, the Monkey would not interfere. However, if he wanted to participate in the besiegement of Yan Zhaoge, the Monkey would inevitably stop the Sovereign.

“It directly distorts the great Dao of this world, bypassing our martial arts.” Eastern Sovereign Taiyi gave Yan Zhaoge a deep look.

The Monkey’s eyes were full of light, “Three Clears Physique. I see this is how it should be!”

The outrageous thing happened to Yan Zhaoge at this moment.

Under the astonished gaze of everyone, the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos above his head changed again.

The Daoist figure collapsed, and the golden lamp in the auspicious cloud also converged toward the center.

All the scenes disappeared, except for one thing. The Primordial Heavenly Devil’s punch capable of opening the heavens and splitting the earth was blocked.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.