Chapter 1105

HSSB1105: First meeting with bigwig of the Prime Clear lineage

The actions of the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua were out of the mind of Yan Zhaoge right now.

He was about to meet a person who was acclaimed alongside Chen Qianhua as he might even surpass him.

Two centuries ago Little Sword God, one century ago Heavenly Young Master.

The Heavenly Young Master here referred to the current Upper Exalt, Chen Qianhua.

The Little Sword God, meanwhile, referred to that person Yan Zhaoge was about to meet.

Long Xueji had once risen to prominence in the World beyond Worlds with the alias of ‘Qian Xueji’. He had made a brief appearance in the World beyond Worlds yet quickly vanished, hence being acclaimed as the most incandescent shooting star in the World beyond Worlds in recent years.

His actual identity was the third and youngest son of the Roving Jade Heavens’ Profound Sovereign Gao Qingxuan and Dragon Spring Emperor Long Xingquan.

In the World beyond Worlds, it was he who had set their benchmark for those next few centuries.

Those who could be acclaimed alongside him, such as Chen Qianhua and Nie Jingshen previously as well as Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di now, were all hailed as geniuses amongst geniuses who were destined to be legends.

In contrast, remarkable talents like Fu Ting did possess great fame but were still somewhat lacking in comparison.

Several years ago, Yan Zhaoge had had a run-in with Long Xueji in the lands of the Immortal Court. However, it had been a brief encounter as they could only be considered as officially meeting now.

He looked just like he had back then, a youth of around fifteen or sixteen who was garbed in snowy white clothes with a jade crown on his head.

The sharp, piercing air about him was even greater than Long Hanhua’s.

Just from his outer appearance alone, he looked much younger than Long Hanhua who was beside Yan Zhaoge.

Still, in terms of actual age, Long Xueji was obviously well over two hundred years old.

With his identity exposed, he had left the World beyond Worlds and returned to the Roving Jade Heavens that year, next marrying and having children. After his son, Long Hanhua, had come of age, he had replaced him in returning to the World beyond Worlds to live under the alias ‘Lin Hanhua’.

Besides Long Xueji, there was also a white-haired old man who was standing beside him.

While one looked like an old man and the other a youth, they were actual brothers by blood.

The white-haired old man was the oldest son of the Profound Sovereign and the Dragon Spring Emperor as well as Long Xueji’s eldest brother, Gao Xuebo.

At the same time, he was also Gao Qing’s grandfather, the Lord of Green Duckweed Mountain’s Minor White Peak.

Sung Zhongda and co were all second generation descendants of his lineage.

“Senior apprentice-uncle Gao, senior apprentice-uncle Long,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, paying his respects to the two.

Looking at him, not only did Gao Xuebo smile, a hint of a smile appeared at the corner of Long Xueji’s mouth too.

They both nodded, saying, “No need to be so formal.”

Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands towards Long Xueji, “Senior apprentice-uncle Long, there was no time to talk in depth when we brushed by each other previously. While that was regretful, there is finally a chance for us to officially meet today.”

He paused for a moment before offering his congratulations, “I must congratulate senior apprentice-uncle Long for pushing open the door to Immortality and ascending to the Immortal realm.”

The current Long Xueji had clearly already surpassed the Immortal Mortal Tribulation!

Several years ago, he had still been a Human Exalt. Now, he had successfully traversed that heavenly gulf.

Considering his age, he was probably the youngest True Immortal in the past several millennia.

While Long Xueji was much younger than his elder brother Gao Xuebo, he had now already successfully accomplished that step and hence entered completely new heavens and earth.

Looking at Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji, Yan Zhaoge pondered, “Even if this senior apprentice-uncle Gao is younger than the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng, he is also quite old from what I have heard. Yet, he has been unable to accomplish that step. I wonder why this is the case. Could it be a similar situation to the Earth Exalt’s?”

Amidst his thoughts, Yan Zhaoge said, “While I wished to visit the Roving Jade Heavens, I never had any opportunity to find my way here previously. It was pure coincidence that I was able to get here this time as the stars of fortune were shining over me indeed.”

“My father has been hoping to come to the Roving Jade Heavens for a look as well. I will make sure to clearly identify the way this time and report it to him upon my return so that he can come faster.”

Hearing Yan Zhaoge’s words, Gao Xuebo shook his head, “While we have yet to meet your father face to face, we too have been hoping to meet him for a long time. Still, there is no need to rush. Things are currently not too peaceful in the World beyond Worlds as you would probably have a great many things on your hands right now.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Thank you for your understanding, senior apprentice-uncles.”

He asked, “Earlier, I heard senior apprentice-brother Long saying that senior apprentice-granduncle and the Profound Sovereign are currently both in secluded cultivation?”

“That’s right,” Gao Xuebo said, “What an untimely coincidence. Father just entered seclusion not long ago whereas mother has been in death seclusion for many years and cannot be interrupted.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “No matter. I will come with my father next time. Hopefully, we will be lucky and the two of them would already have emerged from seclusion.”

They continued conversing happily.

Gao Xuebo was stern and proper while Long Xueji was cold and proud.

Still, both of them spoke very warmly with Yan Zhaoge as Gao Xuebo even demonstrated a talkative side. While Long Xueji comparatively spoke fewer words, he never exhibited any impatience at all.

Strictly speaking, this relationship was merely between the older generation. Even Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji had seldom interacted with the Exalted Gold Luminary and his wife in the past. Even so, they of the younger generation were interacting now.

However, the two of them had looked up to Yan Xingtang and Di Qinglian greatly and possessed great admiration for Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di too.

Yan Zhaoge was also good at finding conversation topics and there was also Long Hanhua beside him. Hence, from their already good relationship, they swiftly came to establish yet stronger ties.

“So your name originates from a saying within that lower world?” Gao Xuebo stroked his beard and smiled, “The lands of Yan and Zhao are generous with the mournful Ge(songs) of fallen heroes…Yan Zhaoge, Yan Zhaoge. How very intriguing.”

He turned and looked at Long Xueji and Long Hanhua, “Speaking of which, there was something subtly similar when christening Hanhua previously.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Could it be from the Dragon Man(Long Han) Five Tribulations of the New Era Five Scriptures?”

The Prime Clear direct lineage was most renowned for its dao of the sword.

In the present day, many only knew of the famed Immortal Exterminating Four Swords.

Still, the Prime Clear direct lineage actually had other supreme martial arts besides sword arts.

Besides the Numinous Treasure Four Swords, there were also the New Era Five Scriptures that originated from the New Era Five Tribulations.

Those who bore the five tribulations were named Dragon Man, Bright Red, Opening Sovereign, Upper Sovereign and Extending Health.

They were also named the Five Tribulations of Daoism or the Dragon Man(Long Han) Five Tribulations.

“The Nine Heavens open, Dragon Man emit splendour,” Long Xueji smiled, looking at his son, “I did not think too much about it at the time. As the thought flashed through my mind, I simply decided to stick with it.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, whereupon Long Hanhua smiled too, “I hope you do not find it laughable, junior apprentice-brother Yan.”

“No, of course not,” Yan Zhaoge firmly shook his head.

They conversed happily for a little longer before Yan Zhaoge, suddenly thinking of something, asked the trio, “Right, there is something that I would like to ask. I hope that you do not mind.”

Long Xueji said, “Ask away.”

Yan Zhaoge immediately enquired, “Is the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua, the head of the Ten Exalts of the World beyond Worlds, related to the Roving Jade Heavens?”

“While I have long heard of him, this Upper Exalt Chen is unrelated to our Prime Clear lineage,” Gao Xuebo answered solemnly.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “It would then seem that his Bright Red Tribulation Scripture must have been obtained under fortuitous circumstances from a legacy site of the Prime Clear lineage from pre-Great Calamity times.”

Hearing this, the trio exchanged looks, “This is our first time hearing of this.”

“Besides my father and I whose circumstances are unique, this is probably the only person who can walk about openly in the World beyond Worlds while knowing some martial arts of the Prime Clear lineage,” Yan Zhaoge had a thoughtful expression on his face.

Hearing this, Long Hanhua raised his brows, “Why is this so?”