Chapter 1101 - Contest Between Two Emperors

HSSB1101: Contest between two Emperors

Before they had opened their eyes, the two Brocade Emperor had looked exactly the same.

No other difference existed besides how one was garbed in white and the other black.

Even their attacks which had slain those devils had possessed complete similarity.

Still, after they had opened their eyes, one could just readily tell them apart.

Within the eyes of the white-clothed Brocade Emperor could be seen various emotions that included rage, sorrow, joy and benevolence etcetera, encompassing a vast spectrum.

One would literally gasp at how so many emotions could exist simultaneously within a person’s gaze.

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor was the complete reverse of him as his gaze was indifferent, completely devoid of any fluctuations of emotion.

He did not resemble a living thing as he looked at other lifeforms like they were inanimate objects.

While there was clearly no ferocity or viciousness in his gaze, it caused one to shiver unconsciously as they looked at him.

After opening his eyes, the white-clothed Brocade Emperor first looked at Meng Wan, his eyes filled with benevolence and affection, “Don’t be scared, Wan’er. Everything’s okay.”

He next looked at Yan Zhaoge with his mood rather complex, “Truly exceptional, Little Friend Yan.”

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor first glanced at the Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag up above before glancing indifferently towards Yan Zhaoge and Meng Wan.

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s gaze felt completely devoid of warmth, or anything for that matter.

The Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag that was shaking up above finally transformed into a streak of light and flew off into the distance with a whoosh.

After glancing at Yan Zhaoge, Meng Wan and the white-clothed Brocade Emperor, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor shot off after the Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag without saying a word.

“We will talk at greater length when the opportunity arises,” Looking at Yan Zhaoge and Meng Wan, the white-clothed Brocade Emperor sighed before heading off in pursuit as well.

The battlefield which had still been chaotic a moment ago now calmed.

Yan Zhaoge shaded his forehead with a hand and gazed after the two Emperors as they vanished into the distance, next turning and saying to Meng Wan, “It is not that the white-clothed Brocade Emperor does not wish to console you. Yet, if the Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag ends up in the hands of the black-clothed Brocade Emperor, you will be in an extremely dangerous predicament.”

“In order to ensure the safety of you and Red Lotus Fu, this white-clothed Brocade Emperor is only able to place the Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag as his top priority.”

“Of course, he definitely also has deep feelings for his accompanying weapon of many years. After all, the Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag has been with him for much longer than even the combined ages of you and Red Lotus Fu.”

Hearing this, Meng Wan forced a smile, “Senior Brother Yan, you know that this is not what concerns me. I just want to know what exactly has happened to father…”

Yan Zhaoge retrieved the remnant Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder amidst space as he explained, “To put it simply, the Brocade Emperor’s soul has split completely in two. With the help of the devilish qi of the Nine Underworlds, his body was disintegrated and reforged as he has turned into two distinct entities now.”

“Their memories and knowledge base as well as the martial arts that they are proficient in are both the same as the only difference lies with their consciousnesses and personalities.”

Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “It appears that the white-clothed one is feeling whereas the black one follows the unfeeling path.”

Meng Wan asked softly, “What will happen after this?”

“After this, there will be a contest of superiority between them,” Yan Zhaoge said, “Only the victor will have a chance of advancing further. Otherwise, their cultivation bases will become stagnant.”

“The two of them are evenly matched right now. While they are both still True Immortals, they are weaker than before they were split into two. Still, the previous flaw and weakness in their minds no longer exists.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “Of course, their current weakness is still only relative to other True Immortals and he himself previously. Against martial practitioners of the human realm, there is still no basis for comparison whatsoever. The gap between the human and Immortal realms is what it is at the end of the day.”

Meng Wan blinked as she sensed what he was leaving unsaid.

The showdown between the black and white-clothed Brocade Emperors would probably not end simply in victory and defeat.

Even as one was confirmed to be superior in this contest, this would also decide who lived or died.

The victor of this contest had a chance of advancing further. This was actually equivalent to the one who survived their showdown.

In other words, only the sole survivor would be able to see progress.

This was because neither of the two was the clone of the other party.

“Obtaining victory is only the first step for them,” Yan Zhaoge compressed the drifting thunderbolts into a small thundercloud before storing them while saying, “The winner will possess full control of themselves as they previously did.”

“Despite their minds being unified, the wounds formed of cultivation deviation will still remain. They would have to remedy their injuries if they truly wish to continue advancing their cultivation bases.”

“For them to do so, what had to be done still has to be done, such as…” Yan Zhaoge looked at Meng Wan, “If the black-clothed Brocade Emperor wins, he will still try to get rid of you and your sister.”

Moreover, he would want to kill Yan Di, wresting and refining his Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

Without the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, the peak of the True Immortal realm would be the limit for the Brocade Emperor who walked the unfeeling path.

Only with the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud would there be a possibility of him advancing further, coming to stand on the same level as the Three Sovereigns.

Meng Wan nodded to indicate her understanding before asking, “What if the white-clothed one wins then?”

“The white-clothed one…” Yan Zhaoge said candidly, “While I cannot be certain about much else, I can say for sure that if it is the white-clothed Brocade Emperor who ultimately secures victory, you and your sister would at least not be in any danger then.”

Meng Wan forced a smile again.

“Perhaps even the white-clothed Brocade Emperor himself is unclear on how to proceed,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “It is precisely because of this uncertainty that the unfeeling part of his soul gradually came to seize the upper hand previously when it had still yet to be separated into two.”

As compared to the dao where feeling was embraced, regardless of actual difficulty, the unfeeling dao appeared to present a clear vision at the very least.

Meanwhile, the feeling dao seemed to entail only the route of death as no solution could be found.

Yan Zhaoge deeply suspected that while the peak figures of the World beyond Worlds might not like it, most of them would be happy to see the Brocade Emperor walking the unfeeling path.

That would entail that there was the possibility of the Brocade Emperor becoming a new Sovereign someday, perhaps continuing to climb even higher than that.

For Daoism which had declined greatly following the Great Calamity, it was naturally the more the merrier in the case of their peak experts.

Still, this was definitely only presuming that Yan Di and the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud were uninvolved.

If this matter concerned Yan Di, not only would the Sword Sovereign never agree, the other bigwigs would have to think twice as well.

Yan Di’s potential and strength naturally required no explanation.

“While it is out of selfishness, I ultimately still hope that my white-clothed father can obtain victory…” Meng Wan sighed, saying candidly.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Of course. Everything has been out of your control in arriving at this messy situation in the first place.”

Meng Wan looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Senior Brother Yan, were you scheming for this from the start?”

“Everything was more or less predicted by me somewhat,” Yan Zhaoge waved his hands, “Still, this was never my original goal. I acted to hinder the Brocade Emperor’s unfeeling side, but the struggle unfolding within him was already so very severe. This resulted in the situation that we can see now.”

Having put away the remnant Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder, he brought Meng Wan along in leaving their current location, “While it was not very ideal, this situation now is also not bad. With the white-clothed Brocade Emperor to restrict that black-clothed Brocade Emperor, things are much smoother for everyone as there is also much more room to work around things.”

“Still, we cannot just totally ignore things as they are. Otherwise, I personally believe that the black-clothed Brocade Emperor has a greater chance of winning this contest.”