Chapter 1102 - Young But With Great Seniority

HSSB1102: Young but with great seniority

As compared to the cold, rational black-clothed Brocade Emperor, the feeling-based white-clothed Brocade Emperor was more likely to reveal openings as they battled which the other would surely capitalise on.

While he supported the white-clothed Brocade Emperor, Yan Zhaoge personally did feel that the black-clothed Brocade Emperor had a great chance of winning.

An absolutely rational person who was fully unswayed by emotions might not always be totally successful and victorious.

Most of the time, other people would be affected by their emotions somewhat.

Rational, unfeeling people might hence benefit, but it might also be to their detriment.

Not mentioning how most people functioned, if rational, unfeeling people saw others as being fundamentally similarly motivated to themselves, it might result in many flaws in judgment on their part.

The wrong choice in their eyes could still be the clear, obvious choice in the eyes of most people.

Similarly, what they saw as a no-brainer could be rejected and hated on by general consensus.

If this person was unable to understand this, the discrepancy could leave them completely blindsided.

Meanwhile, if they were able to understand this, such a person could no longer be absolutely rational and neutral.

Still, this referred to interactions with the outside world at large for people like the black-clothed Brocade Emperor.

For the battle between he and the white-clothed Brocade Emperor, it was true that it should be less likely for him to reveal any openings, also being more proficient in spotting and inducing openings in his opponent.

“If no external forces get involved, the conflict between the two Emperors will probably last for very long,” Yan Zhaoge traversed the Nine Underworlds along with Meng Wan, “But how would there be only a few people paying attention to this issue?”

“While the black-clothed Brocade Emperor will be considering how to get rid of you and Red Lotus Fu at all times, there is also the white-clothed Brocade Emperor who will do his best to stop him, protecting the two of you.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “From another perspective, it can be said that it would be impossible for the black-clothed Brocade Emperor to obtain victory if you and your sister remain safe and sound.”

“For now, at least, the main point of contention is the Four Grands Earlier Heaven Flag. Whichever of the two Emperors successfully regains control of his Immortal Artifact, they will have the upper hand in this conflict.”

Hearing this, Meng Wan nodded silently.

Yan Zhaoge sped along with her through the Nine Underworlds, their journey being relatively smooth as there were only minor devils and no especially troubling ones whom they ran into.

Rather than that, the more worrying matter at hand was how to return to the human realm from the Nine Underworlds.

The Nine Underworlds corroded the heavens and earth as they were enemies of humanity all around the various worlds.

As soon as any crevices to the Nine Underworlds were discovered, they would definitely be sealed as soon as was humanly possible.

While this restricted the Nine Underworlds in preventing it from encroaching on the human realm, it also caused Yan Zhaoge to lack a return path.

It would naturally be best if he could retrace their steps, returning via the land of tranquil stream. Still, he had to consider the possibility of experts of the Immortal Court lying there in wait, hoping that they would walk themselves right into a trap.

While maintaining his bearings in traversing the Nine Underworlds, Yan Zhaoge was also considering how things might be going for the Encompassing Emperor and Mars Halberd at the present moment.

Logically speaking, nothing should have happened to the Encompassing Emperor just like the Brocade Emperor had said.

The Immortal Court was mainly targeting him, Yan Zhaoge and Mars Halberd.

Thinking of Mars Halberd, Yan Zhaoge felt a bit troubled. He did not bear any ill will towards this entity who was both a weapon and an expert of Daoism as he hoped that the other party would have fled from the clutches of his pursuers, having been blessed by fortune.

The place where that earlier battle had occurred had already long since been wrecked beyond recognition.

A crimson path extended into the distance amidst the heaven and earth of the devilish domain, flames blazing on for a long time.

From the looks of it, this had evidently been produced by Mars Halberd as he broke through his encirclement and fled.

Still, there were also remnant auras belonging to others who had been pursuing Mars Halberd.

Looking at that trail of flames, Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before suddenly changing direction and following it.

After a long time, Yan Zhaoge’s heart jolted slightly.

Continuing forward, he indeed saw an indistinct door in the Nine Underworlds up ahead.

“In attempting to flee into extradimensional space and escape, Mars Halberd indeed found another land of tranquil stream to exit from.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded satisfiedly. The Nine Underworlds was all-pervasive, having formed quite a few lands of tranquil stream amidst endless dimensional space. It was just that these were very difficult to find.

Through this land of tranquil stream, Yan Zhaoge finally led Meng Wan in emerging from the devilish domain of the Nine Underworlds, returning to the human realm.

He did so with the utmost caution in case they fell into an ambush. Still, everything ultimately went uneventfully.

An even more pronounced trail of flames continued extending into the distance within the land of tranquil stream.

The trail of the pursuers was evident too. Still, they seemed to have been unable to stop him with sporadic clashes breaking out between them as they battled non-stop into the distance.

Yan Zhaoge felt better as it seemed that Mars Halberd still had a chance of escaping with this.

While at least two Sovereigns of the Immortal Court had attacked Mars Halberd, the Nine Underworlds had very complicated terrain.

In close proximity to numerous devils of the Nine Underworlds and having drawn over bigwigs amongst them too, the Sovereigns of the Immortal Court would surely have been affected and hindered from moving freely as a result.

At this point, Yan Zhaoge ceased to follow that trail of flames as he left the land of tranquil stream from another direction, entering endless dimensional space.

With the breadth of the land of tranquil stream, they had required much time to emerge from it. Now that they were amidst extradimensional space, they needed even more time and effort to identify the route back to the World beyond Worlds.

This was even considering Yan Zhaoge’s relatively high attainments in the dao of space. Were someone else in the same predicament, they would probably have ended up completely lost.

After drifting along for many days, Yan Zhaoge gradually gained a sense of the right direction.

Still, he vaguely sensed now that the two of them had approached a majestic world that felt somewhat similar to the World beyond Worlds yet was actually different.

Yan Zhaoge realised, “Could it be that…”

His train of thought was broken as several sword-lights suddenly lit up in the distance.

They neared, and Yan Zhaoge saw that the group was led by a handsome youth.

On seeing his appearance up close, Yan Zhaoge immediately cheered up.

This was an old acquaintance, being none other than Sun Zhongda, a disciple of the Prime Clear lineage who had previously masqueraded as him in the southeastern Yang Heaven Territory of the World beyond Worlds.

On seeing Yan Zhaoge, Sun Zhongda first seemed dazed before a look of awkwardness filled his face.

Yan Zhaoge noticed the other party as he virtually betrayed an instinctive desire to turn tail and run.

Sun Zhongda naturally did not flee for real as he hesitantly walked over and bowed to Yan Zhaoge, “Senior…senior apprentice-uncle Yan.”

Most of the other Prime Clear lineage disciples present were curiously appraising Yan Zhaoge, but they still kept their manners as they bowed in unison, “We greet senior apprentice-uncle Yan.”

Like Gao Qing, Sun Zhongda and the others were descended of the lineage of the Roving Jade Heavens’ Green Duckweed Mountain’s Minor White Peak.

The Lord of Green Duckweed Mountain’s Minor White Peak was Gao Xuebo. He was Gao Qing’s grandfather as well as the eldest son of the Dragon Spring Emperor and the Profound Sovereign.

Gao Qingbo was of the same seniority as Yan Zhaoge’s father, Yan Di.

Meanwhile, Sun Zhongda’s lot was a generation lower than Yan Zhaoge.

After Broad Creed Mountain’s opening ceremony in the World beyond Worlds, the identities of Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di had been broadcasted to the entire world.

The Roving Jade Heavens had received news of this as well which the Dragon Spring Emperor had personally confirmed.

Only then had Gao Qing and the other members of the junior generation learnt that Yan Zhaoge whom they had met once before was actually so deeply related to them.

Sun Zhongda was naturally no exception to this.

Therefore, he felt awkward and had the urge to turn tail and run as he saw Yan Zhaoge.

“No need to be so formal,” Yan Zhaoge could not help but smile, “I inadvertently ended up here after drifting through extradimensional space. From the looks of it, I must be near the Roving Jade Heavens?”