Chapter 1107 - Old Residence Of The Sword Emperor

HSSB1107: Old residence of the Sword Emperor

In the Nine Underworlds, Yan Zhaoge had exacerbated the Brocade Emperor’s cultivation deviation through the use of Heart’s Will Thunder.

Chen Qianhua had obviously not been able to witness it firsthand, only having understood the gist of what had happened after seeing the Brocade Emperor.

This would be accredited to the Origin Heavenly Scripture.

The miraculous aspects of the Origin Heavenly Scripture had not been demonstrated when Chen Qianhua had battled Yan Zhaoge due to the latter having cultivated in the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

“Upper Chen is versed in countless supreme martial arts, many of which have resurfaced after being lost for a long time,” Long Hanhua said ponderingly, “He is also accompanied by numerous intricate treasures. While there were many theories about him previously, everything begins to make sense if his foundation is the Origin Heavenly Scripture.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged.

The conclusions of many matters could already be seen even before they had unfolded.

While this sounded pretty convenient, it did not mean that one could control everything.

Knowing the result did not mean that one possessed the ability to change it. Oftentimes, one would be helpless even with prior knowledge.

If one had seen too much, it was instead more likely for them to find life insipid.

Still, it was not like everyone who cultivated in the Origin Heavenly Scripture ended up becoming like Chen Qianhua. The eccentricities of this Eldest Young Master Chen were ultimately a result of his own personality.

“How many of the Jade Clear lineage’s Primordial Heavenly Scriptures has Chen Qianhua collected?” Gao Xuebo suddenly asked.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, this was something that he himself had considered before as well.

“He has everything besides the Peerless Heavenly Scripture and the Heaven Opening Scripture,” Yan Zhaoge answered.

Gao Xuebo nodded slowly, “The Peerless Heavenly Scripture aside, if it is the Heaven Opening Scripture…”

Everyone present exchanged glances as thoughtful looks were visible on their faces.

The legacy of the Heaven Opening Scripture could indeed be found in the World beyond Worlds. It was just that it was only in the hands of a limited few people.

“Actually, considering the personality of this Eldest Young Master Chen, I feel that he might not be so desirous of the Heaven Opening Scripture,” Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips.

Having never interacted with Chen Qianhua before, Long Hanhua and the others could share no similar sentiments.

“The Upper Exalt versus Brocade Fu…where did you witness this, Zhaoge?” Gao Xuebo asked.

The Brocade Emperor’s matters, especially what had happened at Star Reflecting Lake, was top-secret in the World beyond Worlds. As a result, detailed information on it would not have arrived at the Roving Jade Heavens.

Yan Zhaoge briefly explained it, with Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji exchanging surprised looks as they listened. “It has really been a time of great upheaval for the World beyond Worlds recently.”

Despite paying attention to it, the Roving Jade Heavens clearly had no intention of interfering in the matters of the World beyond Worlds.

Gao Xuebo and the others were instead more interested in the matters of the Nine Underworlds.

The Nine Underworlds would be the enemy of all humanity wherever one went.

Those of the Immortal Court, being of an external dao, were also disdained by the Roving Jade Heavens.

Still, when discussing these matters, Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji both utilised sound transmission and avoided Long Hanhua hearing them.

“Zhaoge, you have yet to reach the Human Exalt stage and are not protected by the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud like your father. Despite this, you have heard the name of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. I am afraid…” Gao Xuebo’s white brows were knit tightly, “For the time being, neither the World beyond Worlds nor our Roving Jade Heavens has a satisfactory way of resolving such matters.”

“No need to worry, senior apprentice-uncle Gao,” Yan Zhaoge replied, “Unlike Miss Fu, Fu Ting, I have not experienced any strange sensations.”

Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji both raised their brows, “Oh?”

Yan Zhaoge said, “I am not clear on the specifics, but it must be somewhat related to the last of the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts that I cultivate in; the one which involves the mysteries of peerless infinity.”

“The Dim Radiant Twelve Arts of the Dim Radiant Emperor indeed involve the mysteries of peerless infinity. Still, that alone is insufficient,” Long Xueji said, “With the effect of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord on our descendants of Daoism, even the Grand Clear lineage’s Taiyi Fist of Grand Simplicity would probably fail to ensure one’s safety.”

Yan Zhaoge’s expression did not change as he spoke, “While the Dim Radiant Wheel has yet to be fully completed, it has been nourished by and combined with me due to my utilization of it to cultivate in the Dim Radiant Twelve Arts. Perhaps this may have evoked a change from the norm.”

“In that case, it does seem somewhat possible then,” Long Xueji nodded slightly, with his expression having relaxed greatly.

Gao Xuebo’s expression was the same as he said, “Sadly, even if this is feasible, it is inapplicable for the majority of people.”

Immortal Artifacts were already rare. How many embryonic Immortal Artifacts containing the concept of peerless infinity like the Dim Radiant Wheel could possibly exist within this world?

They talked for a bit longer before Gao Xuebo said, “Right, now that you have come, there is one place you should visit.”

“Is it grandmother’s old residence?” Yan Zhaoge immediately realised his intentions just from this, “Thank you for the sentiments, senior apprentice-uncle Gao. I had wanted to go myself, just that I felt it would be a bit presumptuous if I were to request it on my own.”

His grandmother Di Qinglian had been one of the peak figures of the Roving Jade Heaven back then.

While Yan Zhaoge was her descendant, he was not of the Prime Clear direct lineage at the end of the day. Naturally, he had to consider convention in entering her former residence.

“No worries, Zhaoge. You naturally can go to little apprentice-aunt’s old residence,” Long Xueji said, “Come, follow me.”

Long Xueji personally led the way. Yan Zhaoge did not feel in awe at this as he was instead inwardly scratching his head.

From the looks of it, this was actually still kind of against convention.

Therefore, as even Long Hanhua might not be able to suppress the discontent if he led the way, his father Long Xueji was personally doing so.

The bigwigs of the Roving Jade Heavens did not consist merely of the Profound Sovereign’s descendants.

While the Profound Sovereign possessed a lofty position in the Roving Jade Heavens, these were not the ‘heavens’ of her family.

When in the World beyond Worlds, through Wang Pu, Nie Jingshen and Cao Jie etcetera, Yan Zhaoge had learnt that the World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were matched by the Roving Jade Heavens’ Two Sovereigns and Four Emperors, including the Dragon Spring Emperor.

The other Sovereign was the master of the Profound Sovereign Gao Qingxuan and Di Qinglian, the legendary old Grand Master of the Roving Jade Heavens.

It was rumoured that she was injured and in long-term seclusion; something reinforced by the fact that the Profound Sovereign was the one currently in charge of the Roving Jade Heavens.

Still, the Profound Sovereign was unable to fully decide everything within the Roving Jade Heavens despite her significant clout as their indisputable number one expert while the old Grand Master was in seclusion.

Also, now that Long Xueji had ascended to the Immortal realm, the Roving Jade Heavens possessed Two Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

This Little Sword God who had recently ascended was not like any other Immortal.

While he had only attained the Immortal realm recently, most Emperors would be unable to match him in terms of battle prowess due to his outstanding talent and strength.

As they walked, Yan Zhaoge sensed some gazes spying on him. They quickly dispersed however, as Long Xueji markedly stopped his steps in the air, thus restoring the air of peace and normalcy.

Long Xueji said nothing, simply resuming his footsteps.

Yan Zhaoge was similarly silent as he followed along with a smile on his face.

The vastness of the Roving Jade Heavens was naturally difficult to imagine by ordinary people as an inestimable number of martial practitioners and normal folk lived there.

Still, Di Qinglian’s former abode was at Green Duckweed Mountain.

This immortal mountain was similar to the World beyond Worlds’ Kunlun Mountain, being the very core of the Roving Jade Heavens.

Green Duckweed Mountain’s Pillglow Peak was where Yan Zhaoge’s grandmother, the Sword Sovereign Di Qinglian, had once lived.

As Yan Zhaoge followed Long Xueji up Pillglow Peak, the first thing he saw was a lotus pond.