Chapter 1118 - The Emperor Who Is Not Like An Emperor

HSSB1118: The Emperor who is not like an Emperor

Looking at the glacier and sensing the spiritual qi fluctuations within, Yan Zhaoge looked thoughtful, “It really is from the same source as the Female Emperor Jie Mingkong, just that the specifics differ somewhat…”

“Let’s go in, little apprentice-uncle,” Gao Qing looked at him and said.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Alright.”

They entered the icy gorge together. After traversing numerous layers of icy cold, they were greeted by an aura of warmth.

Sunlight was actually emanating from the otherwise dark valley, the radiance contrasting with the cold and dark walls of ice.

Gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw a world of spring before him where grass grew and birds flew.

The sunlight here was not natural sunlight as it was agglomerated of the essence of the sun’s rays. It was akin to being man-made.

“The owner of this place likely has a different temperament from the Female Emperor,” Such a thought flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

The world outside the valley was sealed in ice as a form of concealment. This warm environment hidden within was the true ideal living environment of the owner of this place.

Entering the depths of the valley, they did not encounter any manservants or attendants coming to greet the guests.

“Granny Li stays here alone. She also has no disciples. She only has a demonic beast by her side, the Feifei,” Gao Qing said as if it was only natural.

Yan Zhaoge nodded in understanding. At the centre of the valley, they saw a small courtyard amidst the lush greenery.

Outside the entrance of the courtyard, Gao Qing raised her voice, calling, “We’re here, Granny Li!”

Laughter resounded from within, “Yes, I know! Come on in yourself, you know the way.”

“Yes, Granny,” Gao Qing cheerily opened the door before turning to look at Yan Zhaoge, “Come, little apprentice-uncle. I’m super familiar with Granny’s place.”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged and followed along.

A mild white qi surfaced as soon as they entered, bringing an icy chill that affected even Yan Zhaoge with his Immortal Bridge stage cultivation base.

Yet, this white qi did not affect the environment of the valley that was warm as spring as the two formed a clear contrast.

While Gao Qing had already long since broken through space to see True Divinity, she would likely be frozen in an instant if she were to walk unguarded amidst the icy white mist.

However, there was a jade pendant around her neck that emitted a red glow, keeping the icy white mist at bay while ensuring that she would not be harmed by the icy coldness.

“Granny Li gave it to me,” Gao Qing said as she walked, “This way, little apprentice-uncle.”

The icy mist was dense to the point that one would not even be able to see the fingers of their outstretched hand before them.

Even Martial Saints would not be able to clearly distinguish anything.

This was a restrictive mechanism established by the owner of this place. It was formed of her own Immortal qi and also had the abstruse profundities of formations integrated within.

With Yan Zhaoge’s discernment abilities, he was able to sense that time seemed to have stopped in the general vicinity. That said, he was only able to do so because he was proficient in the Immortal Trapping Sword and Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture, thus having a better understanding of the profundities of time.

Were it anyone else, they would probably end up in a state similar to those afflicted by the Thunder of Eternal Night, unable to even notice the passage of time around them.

After losing their consciousness, even if they did not freeze to death, they would remain amidst the icy mist forever. As time passed, they would gradually run out of energy and life, ending up as lifeless ice sculptures.

Still, the person who had set up these restrictions had intentionally left a method to pass through the mist, a method that was currently being used with practiced familiarity by Gao Qing.

Only after passing through the mist could one be considered to have truly entered the courtyard.

Just after having entered, a piercing shriek resounded by their ears, “No! Let go of me, Lili! I won’t…”

The words were broken off before they could be finished as only an indistinct noise could be heard.

Gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw a woman pressing down a demonic beast which resembled a little fox headfirst into a basin of water with both hands.

The little beast struggled non-stop, “I’m telling you, Lili! I will have my revenge! I…glug, gargle, ah…”

The voice was shockingly coming from that small beast in the form of a fox. It’s voice was high-pitched and piercing like a child’s. It was snowy white in colour and had four short, stout limbs. It was none other than the demonic beast of legend, the Feifei.

These beasts were rare and good stress relievers, not being very combat-oriented.

Still, Yan Zhaoge could tell with a single glance that despite the small size of this Feifei, the vigour of the demonic qi hidden within its body was much more powerful than most other demonic beasts he had seen before.

Yet, this Feifei who would be able to rival any under the Human Exalt stage was currently being pressed into the basin like a cat, being rubbed unceasingly as it was forced to take a bath.

The woman who was pressing it down looked like a teenager, with no outward indication that there was any difference in age between her and Gao Qing at all.

“Come on! How long has it been since you last took a bath? It’s okay if you don’t like being clean usually, but we’re meeting guests now,” The woman rubbed the Feifei as she looked towards the entrance of the courtyard, smiling, “You’re here, Qing’er? Go inside and find a place to sit! I will be right there after bathing Pingping.”

Gao Qing called happily, “Granny Li.”

Looking at that Feifei, she smilingly said, “Pingping, you’re running away from baths again.”

“Don’t just watch, Little Gao Qing! Hurry up and save me…nooooo…” As the Feifei struggled to speak, it was doused with water yet again.

On seeing this, Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Hmm, that lazy lump of fat I have at home-have I usually been too doting on it?”

Looking at him, the woman smiled, asking, “You are Big Boss Yue’s junior apprentice-nephew?”

Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge was dazed momentarily before he realised that she was referring to the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei…

“Yan Zhaoge greets you, senior,” Yan Zhaoge’s mind was whirling at top speed even as he answered.

It seemed that the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei also knew that the Female Emperor was not the Astro Sovereign’s only disciple.

Still, this remained a tightly guarded secret as he had not even told it to Wang Pu, Nie Jingshen, Bai Tao, and the rest.

“I wonder how I should address senior?” Yan Zhaoge enquired.

While Gao Qing was addressing the other party as Granny Li, Yan Zhaoge would definitely not do so.

“My name is Chu Lili. My Master was a close friend of your grandfather’s. Unfortunately, I was born too late and never witnessed the flair of your late grandfather,” The woman smiled, “If we consider it from Big Boss Yue’s side, you can call me aunt. Otherwise, I don’t mind if we go about it by other relationships too.”

While her words were casual, Yan Zhaoge could vaguely sense the majestic power contained within her.

Although she might not really fit one’s impressions of an Emperor, this was an actual True Immortal just like the Brocade Emperor, the Encompassing Emperor and Long Xueji!

Seeing as the other party had no title, Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands, “I hear that Senior Chu wants this Yan to bring a letter back to the World beyond Worlds? I am wondering-who is this letter for?”