Chapter 1110

HSSB1110: The depressed sword cultivators of the Prime Clear lineage

Di Qinglian’s remnant sword-intent that was atop Pillglow Peak had been there for many long years at the end of the day.

While good-intentioned people had preserved it, analysing and deducing its principles was still a very difficult thing.

Not only did this process require supreme talent in the martial dao, it also required one to have sufficient spirituality and comprehension abilities in the dao of the sword. As a result, people would obtain varying degrees of benefits from this experience.

Yan Zhaoge had evidently spent much less time comprehending the dao atop the mountain than had been predicted by Gao Xuebo and Long Xueji.

How could these two peak sword cultivators not feel admiration at that?

Some time before the two brothers were feeling amazed, Yan Zhaoge was descending the mountain while was pondering on the fruits of his efforts.

“Grandmother’s comprehension of the Immortal Exterminating Sword is indeed outstanding. There are many concepts that are worth reviewing over and over again,” Yan Zhaoge clicked his tongue in praise, “True abilities exhibited in those most ordinary of aspects, specifics changing time and time again. It really is extraordinary indeed.”

As he passed the Sword Unsheathing Pond midway down the mountain, Yan Zhaoge retrieved the treasured swords that he had placed there previously.

After pondering for a moment, Yan Zhaoge ultimately left the Green Abyss Sword there, not taking it with him.

When Yan Zhaoge had started walking the martial path, he had wielded the Jade Dragon Sword; a weapon which he had gifted to his junior apprentice-brother Ying Longtu, or Han Long’er, afterwards.

Despite the fact that Han Long’er was also a Martial Saint now, and had long since outgrown a measly low-grade spirit artifact like the Jade Dragon Sword, he still treasured the sword as he would his life. Even though he was using other weapons now, the sword that was gifted to him by Yan Zhaoge was always by his side.

The sword that Yan Zhaoge had used most often after the Jade Dragon Sword was the weapon that had been personally forged by his Grand Master, Yuan Zhengfeng. It was the Green Abyss Sword, a high-grade spirit artifact.

It had accompanied Yan Zhaoge all the way until he had attained the Martial Saint realm and switched to using Sacred Artifacts.

Still, this treasured sword was also constantly by Yan Zhaoge’s side.

While he had burnt countless high-grade spirit artifacts and even Sacred Artifacts later on as fuel in refining his dark green bamboo cane, the Green Abyss Sword was always with him.

In the future, he would not feel sorry even if he burnt the Light Yin Sword Seal, the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, or even supreme treasures like the Evil Sword Taotie if the need arose.

Yet, like the previous Jade Dragon Sword, this Green Abyss Sword held a different significance.

Looking at the lotus pond before him in which numerous white lotuses bloomed, Yan Zhaoge ultimately left the Green Abyss Sword stuck in its depths.

“You possessed the title of ‘sword measurer’ back then. It is a pity that I am unable to personally experience your test, not knowing whether I would pass or fail.”

Yan Zhaoge sighed, bowing towards the lotus pond, “I will most likely not be here in the Roving Jade Heavens often. In my place, I shall have the Green Abyss Sword remain here.”

His descent from the mountain was naturally seen by descendants of Gao Xuebo’s lineage who were guarding the area and waiting for him.

On seeing Yan Zhaoge, the disciples of Minor White Peak were all greatly startled as some even looked dazed for a time.

They had previously specifically received orders to wait there for Yan Zhaoge’s emergence.

Their elders had hinted that Yan Zhaoge was meditating on the dao atop the mountain and was not to be interrupted.

While Pillglow Peak had been empty for a long time, they of the Prime Clear direct lineage naturally were aware of what place this was.

From what they knew, it was very normal for meditation on the dao at the former residence of the Sword Emperor to take months, even years.

Who knew that Yan Zhaoge would emerge after just a few days.

If this was anyone else, these disciples of Minor White Peak would probably suspect that the person had been unable to learn anything there and had given up, hence descending the mountain so quickly.

Still, being of the Prime Clear direct lineage and descendants of Green Duckweed Mountain’s Minor White Peak, also having received specific instructions to wait there, they had a basic understanding of Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge was extremely famous in the World beyond Worlds with his fame gradually spreading in the coremost circles of the Roving Jade Heavens as well.

Someone who could battle an Exalt head-on just after attaining the Immortal Bridge stage- how could such a person possibly be dumb and incompetent?

“It’s just-isn’t this too fast!” The disciples of Minor White Peak were all wondering, “Maybe he isn’t proficient in the dao of the sword? But since the elders allowed him to ascend Pillglow Peak, would that not mean that he should be able to wield the sword…”

Despite their astonishment, these martial practitioners of Minor White Peak followed propriety and properly paid their respects to Yan Zhaoge before leading the way back to Minor White Peak.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered slightly as he sensed someone spying on him and the vicinity of Pillglow Peak.

On seeing him descend the mountain, the other party immediately fled like the wind.

“Huh…” The corners of Yan Zhaoge’s lips arched slightly upwards, but he said nothing.

Deep tensions existed between the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens.

Back during their competition for the Profound Sky Purple Gold Furnace, Gao Qing’s fellow disciples and the disciples of the Brocade Emperor had verbally quarrelled to such an extent.

Just as the World beyond Worlds forbade the presence of martial practitioners of the Prime Clear lineage, it was similarly forbidden for descendants of the Jade Clear and Grand Clear lineages to appear in the Roving Jade Heavens.

If one’s identity was exposed and they were caught, it was not merely the matter of a simple expulsion. Most of the time, blood would be shed.

Although Yan Zhaoge was allowed to freely roam the Roving Jade Heavens because of his grandmother, he was still not of the Prime Clear direct lineage at the end of the day.

In the world of martial practitioners, there were many other factors that decided one’s identity besides their bloodline.

Of these, one of the most important was one’s martial lineage.

In some scenarios, one’s martial lineage was more representative of them than their bloodline.

Led by those Minor White Peak martial practitioners, Yan Zhaoge left Pillglow Peak in returning to Minor White Peak.

As they set off, some Minor White Peak disciples naturally exerted means to inform Gao Xuebo as well as Long Xueji about it.

As they walked, Yan Zhaoge conversed genially with the Minor White Peak disciples. Even as he gained a greater understanding of the culture of the Roving Jade Heavens, he narrated some of his experiences in the World beyond Worlds and extradimensional space, increasing the knowledge that they possessed greatly.

Suddenly, a sword-light lit up before their eyes, halting right in front of them before the figure of a youth appeared. The other party had an ordinary appearance and a serious expression. Yet, sword qi was rampant about his body.

He first greeted, “Before the World beyond Worlds’ Fallen Deity, this disciple of Green Duckweed Mountain’s Subtle Offensive Peak’s Purple Light Cave, Wen Daihong, offers his greetings.”

Yan Zhaoge calmly cupped his hands towards him, “I wonder what you would like to tell me?”

Wen Daihong’s expression was stern as he said, “I have long heard of the capabilities of the Fallen Deity who is rare within this world as one of the greatest heroes of Daoism in post-Great Calamity times. This Wen admires you greatly.”

“It is just that the incident between our predecessors from back then is like a stone weighing on my chest. While I am untalented, this Wen wishes to seek pointers from you.”

What was the incident from back then?

Naturally, it was how Yan Zhaoge’s grandfather, Yan Xingtang, a martial practitioner of the Jade Clear lineage, had suppressed the Roving Jade Heavens with his sword, beating the sword cultivators of the Prime Clear lineage into inferiority.

This was probably one of the most embarrassing incidents for the Prime Clear direct lineage in post-Great Calamity times.

It was not that the Roving Jade Heavens had never experienced greater crises, setbacks or failures before. It was just that having been beaten into submission in the area they were best in on their home ground, the descendants of the Prime Clear lineage had felt very useless and defeated indeed…