Chapter 1115 - The Thick Dark History

HSSB1115: The thick dark history

At Minor White Peak, Wen Daihong sincerely expressed his apologies to Gao Xuebo upon seeing him.

While he was relatively more simple-minded and unversed in the ways of the world, he was not foolish.

Upon seeing Wang Shun and the others, he had vaguely sensed that something was wrong. This feeling was only reinforced after he had battled Yan Zhaoge and been reminded by him.

Gao Xuebo did not blame Wen Daihong as he sent him out after talking for a while.

After learning of what had happened, a cold light flickered in Long Xueji’s expressionless eyes.

His habitual severity resurfaced, sharp to the point that Yan Zhaoge and Gao Xuebo were virtually unable to look at him straight on.

“Should I make a trip to Ashen Spirit Valley?” Long Xueji asked coldly.

“No need,” Gao Xuebo shook his head slightly, “Zhaoge has already handled it very well.”

Glancing at his elder brother, Long Xueji gradually retracted his sharp aura, though a piercing chill still emanated from him.

“Senior apprentice-brother Long said earlier that the two of you are looking for me for something?” Yan Zhaoge smiled, asking, “I wonder what the matter is?”

Gao Xuebo said slowly, “You would have to make the decision on this. While it may be a stroke of fortune, it could be detrimental to you too.”

Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge felt intrigued.

For someone at the level of Gao Xuebo to give this evaluation, the matter was likely complicated, and of at least some importance.

“Please enlighten me, senior apprentice-uncle Gao,” Yan Zhaoge cupped his hands.

“The news of your arrival in the Roving Jade Heavens was not completely suppressed. The information was heard by a certain person who wishes for you to deliver a letter for her when you return to the World beyond Worlds,” Gao Xuebo slowly said, “This Majesty is also from the World beyond Worlds.”

Yan Zhaoge was rather taken aback upon hearing this, “Besides senior apprentice-granduncle Long, there was another bigwig of the World beyond Worlds who joined the Roving Jade Heavens?”

The person mentioned by Gao Xuebo had been referred to by him as ‘this Majesty’.

That was to say that the person was an expert who had already pushed open the door to Immortality at the very least.

“This is to say that after senior apprentice-uncle Long pushed open the door to Immortality, the Roving Jade Heavens has at least six True Immortals?”

“Joining the Roving Jade Heavens is a bit misleading, as this person remains in seclusion the majority of the time,” Gao Xuebo explained, “She never participates in the decision-making of the Roving Jade Heavens, as she does not care to even learn about it.”

“It should be said that my Roving Jade Heavens lets her reside here in seclusion, not interfering with other affairs.”

Still, at the end of the day, this person who resided in the Roving Jade Heavens was unlikely to completely ignore the situation of the world they resided in if the need truly arose.

It was just that it was most likely impossible to count on them proactively doing anything.

Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge scratched his head, “Senior apprentice-uncle Gao, the person you speak of-could it be…”

“It is not the Bright Connection Emperor Hu Yuexin,” Guessing what Yan Zhaoge was getting at, Gao Xuebo shook his head to deny it, “We too investigated Hu Yuexin’s whereabouts that year, but were unable to find any traces of her.”

“Oh…” Yan Zhaoge nodded, feeling increasingly curious.

It seemed that the World beyond Worlds was really very full of dark history…

Not mentioning the former sixth Emperor, the Bright Connection Emperor Hu Yuexin who had gone missing that year, other peak experts had actually been lost by the World beyond Worlds too?

“When that Majesty left the World beyond Worlds, she had still yet to attain the Immortal realm,” Gao Xuebo added, “She opened the door to Immortality in our Roving Jade Heavens.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Even so, it could not be that he is completely unknown, right?”

Gao Xuebo shook his head, “She seldom ventured out of her residence in the World beyond Worlds, resulting in her name being relatively obscure.”

“It is not wrong to say however, that those who are related to her are all major, familiar names.”

At this point, Gao Xuebo asked, “Regarding the Three Sovereigns of the World beyond Worlds, you should be aware that your grandfather’s disciple, the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei, was not one of the original Three Sovereigns, right?”

“Right, I have heard this being mentioned before,” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

The World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories had been established for many years, with the personnel sometimes changing.

This was especially so for the Ten Exalts. Besides the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng, the other nine had all been changed multiple times.

The Dim Radiant Emperor Yin Tianxia who had died long ago was a perfect example of the Five Emperors changing.

The Three Sovereigns had been the stablest. Still, a change had once happened with their roster too.

That was when one of the Five Emperors of the past, Yue Zhenbei, had achieved a cultivation base breakthrough and attained the title of Sovereign.

Before him, the other person who had been acclaimed alongside the Earthly Sovereign and the Concealed Sovereign as the Three Sovereigns had been known as the Astro Sovereign.

When he had first heard this title, a person’s figure had immediately flashed through Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

Of the new Kunlun Nine Luminaries of the past, the Exalted Water Luminary!

His guess was actually correct, with the Astro Sovereign being none other than the Exalted Water Luminary.

The earliest Three Sovereigns of the World beyond Worlds, the Earthly Sovereign, Concealed Sovereign and Astro Sovereign corresponded to the Exalted Earth Luminary, the Exalted Concealed Luminary and the Exalted Water Luminary of the Kunlun Nine Luminaries.

Afterwards however, the Astro Sovereign had vanished from some unknown reason, no longer appearing in the World beyond Worlds.

His vacancy had only been filled when Yue Zhenbei had later become the Sword Sovereign.

It was worth mentioning that of the new Kunlun Nine Luminaries of the past, the Exalted Water Luminary had been on rather good terms with Yan Zhaoge’s grandfather, the Exalted Gold Luminary, Yan Xingtang.

Wang Pu had once mentioned that the Astro Sovereign had vaguely been in the know regarding the unique situation concerning Yan Zhaoge’s father, Yan Di.

In order to protect Yan Di and ensure his safety, the Astro Sovereign had tacitly allowed the dissipation of knowledge on the Kunlun Nine Luminaries of the past.

Sadly, before Yan Di’s birth, the Astro Sovereign had already vanished from the World beyond Worlds.

Even the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei was unclear on the specifics of this event, with only the Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign possibly knowing what had happened.

As for whether the Female Emperor Jie Mingkong knew what had happened to him, she herself was probably the only one who was clear on this.

The existence of the Astro Sovereign was not buried like for the Bright Connection Emperor as it was widely known in the World beyond Worlds.

His sudden disappearance had been seen as the greatest mystery of the World beyond Worlds in over a thousand years.

While the official statement by the higher echelon experts was that the Astro Sovereign was out adventuring far away from the World beyond Worlds,most people had their own doubts about this.

“Could it be that the person here is the Astro Sovereign?” Yan Zhaoge asked curiously.

Gao Xuebo shook his head, “No, it is not the Astro Sovereign but a disciple of his.”

“Disciple?” Yan Zhaoge’s pupils dilated abruptly, “The Astro Sovereign had two disciples?”

It was common knowledge in the World beyond Worlds that the Astro Sovereign, the Exalted Water Luminary, only had a single descendant.

It was not that descendants of his had died somewhere along the way. Instead, the Astro Sovereign had only taken in a single disciple before.

That was the current Female Emperor of the World beyond Worlds’ Five Emperors, Jie Mingkong.

“That’s right, the Astro Sovereign’s disciple,” Gao Xuebo nodded, “Father and mother have both verified it. She is indisputably the descendant of the Astro Sovereign, and definitely legitimately studied under him.”

Yan Zhaoge put a hand to his head, “The waters really run deep…”

He forced a smile as he looked towards Gao Xuebo and the others, “In that case, who would that letter be for?”