Chapter 1127

HSSB1127: History’s Most Exaggerated Exalt’s cave manor

“Fu Ting is endlessly grateful for these sentiments and also your assistance, Fellow Daoist Yan.”

Fu Ting now frowned, “It is just that others of the World beyond Worlds might not have similar sentiments.”

She had clearly realised that the other peak experts of the World beyond Worlds might not support the white-clothed Brocade Emperor.

In terms of potential, it would surely be better for them if they supported the black-clothed Brocade Emperor who ultimately could potentially become a Sovereign.

As for the future path of the white-clothed Brocade Emperor, even he himself had no clue regarding this right now.

While an Emperor being indebted to someone was valuable, a Sovereign’s favour was on a different level from it altogether.

“Most will choose to remain neutral and simply watch,” Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “Those who will find trouble are generally those for whom there were already pre-existing tensions.”

“Chen Qianhua excluded, of course.”

He glanced at Meng Wan beside them, “Right, the two of you should talk. I will talk with my father for a bit.”

Fu Ting and Meng Wan looked at each other now as both their gazes were complex to the extreme.

Still, the two of them were both calm, understanding people as Yan Zhaoge did not worry that either would make things difficult for the other if the two of them were left alone.

Perhaps having no words for each other might be the most likely situation?

Whatever the case, it would be no good for Yan Zhaoge to interfere in this.

Instead, if these two sisters of a different mother were left alone, face to face, that might actually be beneficial for them.

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud resembled a blooming lotus flower as Yan Zhaoge leapt out from within it, arriving before Yan Di.

“From the Brocade Emperor acting against me in the Nine Underworlds, I can confirm that my guess was right,” Yan Zhaoge said as he looked at Yan Di, “In having switched to the unfeeling dao, if he wishes to improve his cultivation base, he will have to refine your Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.”

He had attempted to do Yan Zhaoge harm in the Nine Underworlds so as to clip Yan Di’s wings, ultimately sweeping his path free of obstacles.

“So he would find trouble for me whether or not I protect his daughters?” Yan Di’s expression did not change upon hearing this as he simply nodded calmly.

Yan Zhaoge said, “The black and white-clothed Brocade Emperors are restricting each other now, thereby buying us some time.”

“The best-case scenario is naturally the white-clothed Brocade Emperor emerging victorious. Still, their whereabouts are unclear now as our methods are limited too. We can only wait and see in this.”

“Instead, we will have to guard against people aside from the black-clothed Brocade Emperor potentially seeking to do Fu Ting and Meng Wan harm.”

Yan Zhaoge narrated his experiences in the Nine Underworlds as well as his stay in the Roving Jade Heavens afterwards to Yan Di.

“After we are finished with our matters on hand, it seems that we should find time for a trip to the Roving Jade Heavens,” Yan Di said with a faraway look on his face.

Looking at Yan Zhaoge, he said, “Regarding junior apprentice-niece Feng’s matter, you can ask about it when the Concealed Sovereign has left seclusion or when senior apprentice-brother Yue returns. They may be able to provide more information on the Exalted Rahu Luminary that will aid us in looking for junior apprentice-niece Feng.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded quietly.

Actually, there was someone of the World beyond Worlds whom he could ask right now.

The Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng had also personally interacted with the Exalted Rahu Luminary in the past.

Still, this old man was clearly not so easy to deal with as trying to obtain information from him was risky and inadvisable.

After returning to the World beyond Worlds, the Encompassing Emperor should have informed Wang Zhengcheng on the current situation was there was also no need for Yan Zhaoge to do so.

Rather than hoping for Wang Zhengcheng to help him, Yan Zhaoge would do better to wait patiently for the Concealed Sovereign to leave seclusion or for the Sword Sovereign to return from extradimensional space.

Of course, acquiring this information was merely all that he could and might actually not help much.

Feng Yunsheng ultimately only had she herself to rely on as others would have no way of assisting her even if they wanted to.

While Yan Zhaoge was fully aware of this, he was not willing to do nothing as he just hoped that there was something he could ultimately think of which would help.

“Right, what are your thoughts regarding the matter of the Grand Longevity Banner?” Yan Di suddenly asked.

Yan Zhaoge pondered for a time before replying, “According to Chen Qianhua, this treasure was obtained by him from someone else as he did not personally wrest it away from mother’s lineage.”

“While he is a very ludicrous person, I am more inclined to believe his words on the matter. It is just a pity that he is in hiding now and we also have no way of learning who exactly he obtained the Grand Longevity Banner from.”

“Still…” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered, “The most possible candidates can be narrowed down.”

Yan Di said slowly, “The Eastern Exalt, the Western Exalt, the Northwestern Exalt and the Earth Exalt.”

The eastern Vast Heaven Territory, the Western Turtle Heaven Territory, the Northwestern Dim Heaven Territory and the central Jun Heaven Territory.

This were the four major districts in which the descendants of Hu Yuexin’s lineage were fugitives beyond a doubt.

“Let us observe gradually and see. I wonder where mother is now?” Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbed his temples, “Whatever the case, though, mother will surely be overjoyed when she learns that we have managed to successfully regain the Grand Longevity Banner.”

Yan Di sighed too, a rare sight for this heroic figure.

Father and son exchanged glances, both feeling rather helpless.

In the words of shameless self-praise, the Yan Family’s men were heroes.

Still, the wives of the Yan Family really caused one worry too…

As the battle between Nie Jingshen and Chen Qianhua came to an end and Chen Qianhua personally went to Red Lotus Cliff to express his apologies, the waves which had previously shaken the World beyond Worlds finally subsided.

Yan Zhaoge remained in the south for a time and handled some matters. After taking his leave of Yan Di and his fellow disciples, he set off back for the central Jun Heaven Territory.

Still, there was an important place he had to stop by along the way. He had to pay a visit to the newly appointed Southern Exalt, Nie Jingshen.

“Many thanks for your assistance this time, senior apprentice-brother Nie,” Yan Zhaoge said emotionally.

Nie Jingshen had not founded a lineage or done anything on a grand scale. He had entered the south with just his sword to accompany him. At the northernmost border of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory, right in the Region of Thousand Lakes, he had casually found a place and settled down.

Such a blatant move left all those in the know with an urge to roll their eyes.

Only those who knew of it would understand that Nie Jingshen was the Southern Exalt.

Others who were unaware of this might think that he was guarding the northern gates for the southern Blazing Heaven Territory!

Although the cultivation environment of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory was far from comparable to Kunlun Mountain, there were blessed lands which were not that much worse.

Phoenix Ritual Mountain where Wutong Slope had been that year had been a renowned Sacred Ground of abundant spiritual qi.

Still, Nie Jingshen had not chosen any such location at all. With no followers or disciples, he had simply come to reside in a tiny hut atop a small island in the Region of Thousand Lakes, cultivating there in solitude.

He completely left the affairs of the southern Blazing Heaven Territory alone.

He was clearly leaving this space for Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain to develop.

This was a strange and wondrous scene indeed, unmatched in all history. This was very possibly the most simple and crude dao arena of the Southern Exalt in the history of the World beyond Worlds.

It was simple and crude to an exaggerated extent.

Nie Jingshen might also be the Southern Exalt with the weakest influence and power base in the history of the World beyond Worlds.

Yet, he might also be the most powerful Southern Exalt in history in terms of his martial prowess.

“We of Broad Creed Mountain all understand your grace, senior apprentice-brother Nie. You really do not have to remain stationed here in the Region of Thousand Lakes,” Yan Zhaoge advised, “This place’s spiritual qi is much too inferior to that at Kunlun Mountain and is not beneficial for your cultivation.”

No sign of the coldness that had surfaced with Chen Qianhua was visible now as Nie Jingshen smiled, “No matter. While Kunlun Mountain’s environment is great, it is too peaceful and easy. There is also a need for me to go to a tougher environment to sharpen and temper my sword every once in a while.”