Chapter 1140 - A Certain Wily Fatty

HSSB1140: A certain wily fatty

Which Brocade Emperor was it?

While Yan Zhaoge’s question might sound rather humorous at first glance, it was actually a very serious concern.

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor and white-clothed Brocade Emperor entailed totally different things.

Being clear on the difference between them, Ah Hu solemnly answered, “The black-clothed one!”

“The black-clothed one?” Yan Zhaoge knit his brows slightly.

Whether it was from the perspective of Yan Di and the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud or that of Meng Wan and Fu Ting, Yan Zhaoge’s stance was clearly opposed to that of the Brocade Emperor’s as the two were clear enemies.

They had only been safe these past years because everyone had somewhat restrained themselves, with the black-clothed Brocade Emperor also mostly having been away from the World beyond Worlds.

“The news came from Ingenious Flying Peak,” Ah Hu said helplessly, “It is indeed the black-clothed one, no question about that.”

While the black-clothed Brocade Emperor wished to eliminate Fu Ting and Meng Wan, he had no hostility towards the others of Ingenious Flying Peak.

Of course, he held no feelings towards them. Still, to him, disciples were not some unimportant, irrelevant existences. As they could be useful to him, he would naturally never give up on them lightly.

He would only do so if those of Ingenious Flying Peak expressed clear allegiance towards the white-clothed Brocade Emperor or otherwise stood in his way.

He Xixing and the others were currently holding a strictly neutral stance.

To them, whether it was the black-clothed or white-clothed Brocade Emperor who won, both were still that former Lord of Ingenious Flying Peak.

Whoever won in the end, the boss of Ingenious Flying Peak would still be the Brocade Emperor.

While the black-clothed one seemed harder to get along with, they would certainly not rebel.

Besides feigning ignorance and dumbness in the matter regarding the white-clothed Brocade Emperor and Fu Ting, if the black-clothed Brocade Emperor had any other request or decree, Ingenious Flying Peak would still abide by them strictly.

Fortunately, before a victor had truly been decided between them, both the Brocade Emperors had not made it difficult for He Xixing and the others, allowing them to stay in relative peace and safety.

While they knew that the black-clothed Brocade Emperor seemed hostile to Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain, not knowing the exact reason, those of Ingenious Flying Peak ultimately wished to mend their relationship.

Therefore, He Xixing had personally come as a representative this time to the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion, helping to communicate with them on behalf of his Master as he hoped that they would allow him through and not make things awkward.

He did not know, however, that the tensions between Broad Creed Mountain and the black-clothed Brocade Emperor were virtually irreconcilable.

This was unless the black-clothed Brocade Emperor would be willing to remain at his cultivation level forever, never advancing.

“Agree to it,” Yan Zhaoge pondered for a moment before accepting this.

“…Yes, Young Master,” Ah Hu gazed over quizzically and saw Yan Zhaoge lightly rubbing his temple, “When things are abnormal, something must surely be wrong. I want to see what he intends to do.”

“Rather than not letting him come, it would surely be better to grasp his movements. Since that is so, we should simply let him in.”

When Qiu Jiahai who was currently in the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion heard the news, he could not help but ask in surprise, “What if the black-clothed Brocade Emperor comes and causes trouble? The auction would not be able to go on in that case. He is an Emperor, after all.”

“Relax, Mister Qiu. The Female Emperor will be attending this time’s auction too,” Ah Hu explained.

Hearing this, Qiu Jiahai was instantly able to set his heart at ease, “In that case, there is no need to worry.”

He asked curiously, “Right, where is junior apprentice-brother Yan? Those goods prepared for the auction are already ready. Is he still in Dragon Butterfly Valley?”

“Young Master is…right, he is there taking care of Little Meaty whom Young Mistress left behind,” Ah Hu gave a simple and honest smile.

Qiu Jiahai was taken aback, “Little Meaty?”

Xiao Ai coughed dryly from the side, “You may have also seen it at Dragon Butterfly Valley before, Mister Qiu. Little Meaty is that little black dog.”

“Oh, I have seen it before,” Qiu Jiahai recalled this now, yet still felt quite bemused.

Ah Hu explained, “Little Meaty is Young Mistress’s beloved pet. After our sect had established itself stably in the Royal Reed Sea that year, Young Mistress brought Little Meaty up to the World beyond Worlds from the Eight Extremities World. Having left for adventuring afterwards, out of concern for its safety, Young Mistress left Little Meaty at Broad Creed Mountain. It has been Young Master who has been taking care of it much of the time in recent years.”

Feng Yunsheng would go through many potentially perilous situations in her journeys as she would naturally not bring Little Meaty along with her.

After all, that was only an ordinary black dog which was not even a demonic beast.

What had occurred afterwards had also proven how wise this decision had been.

“It just happens that Little Meaty has been sick these past few days. Seeing that there is still some time left before the auction begins, Young Master intends to wait till it recovers before returning,” Ah Hu explained.

As an ordinary dog, Little Meaty’s lifespan should actually have run out long ago.

Some efficacious medicines that increased one’s longevity were useless to martial practitioners with high cultivation bases and robust bodies. Still, having fed these to Little Meaty, its lifespan could easily be extended by quite some time as it was still alive and kicking energetically away now.

Of course, it could still get sick.

Within Dragon Butterfly Valley, Yan Zhaoge tapped Little Meaty’s head, “Yunsheng made you too gluttonous back then such that there’s nothing you don’t dare to eat. See how you’ve made yourself suffer now?”

The little dog yelped rather pitifully, wagging its small tail beside Yan Zhaoge.

It had gradually made a full recovery now.

“Little fella,” Yan Zhaoge stroked its neck before turning and saying to the massive creature on his other side, “I’ll leave things to you after I leave. You’d better be dependable!”

Pan-Pan who resembled a small mountain blinked, nodding in a very simple and honest manner.

In terms of usefulness, potential or whatnot, there was naturally no basis for comparison at all between the little black dog and the Pixiu.

At the end of the day, though, people did not merely raise their pets to guard their backyards.

Also, that fella which had the capabilities to do so was not all that dependable much of the time…

Yan Zhaoge really suspected that when he was not here, Pan-Pan might even treat Little Meaty like a plaything.

He did not know whether he was imagining things, but a certain fatty who was growing increasingly humanlike and intelligent seemed to be becoming increasingly wily as well now.

Once, just because Ah Hu had touched him on the ear for no reason, he had even viciously bitten him right there and then.

Ah Hu’s tragic cries still rung out by Yan Zhaoge’s ears even now though a few years had passed since then, reminding him of how painfully and piteously a human being could cry out.

A certain fatty had had a completely innocent look on his face with an ‘it was him who started it’ expression on his face that left Ah Hu desperately wanting to cry but not having the tears for such.

“I have doted on this Little Meaty too much these past few years, even more than Yunsheng did. It isn’t very good. I should find someone to coordinate a good-guy bad-guy with me,” Yan Zhaoge was evaluating his actions as he very irresponsibly ignored Little Meaty’s gaze that was like there was no worth living life anymore and left it to Pan-Pan, next heading off to the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion.

When Yan Zhaoge finally did arrive in Yuanzhou City, it was already nearing the date of the auction.

He had naturally not stayed in Dragon Butterfly Valley purely for Little Meaty before this as he had been working on other things too, only finally having finished his preparations now.

Coincidentally, right as Yan Zhaoge reached the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion, purple qi was surging powerfully within the skies of Yuanzhou City.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered slightly, “Oh? The Brocade Emperor is here?”