Chapter 1155 - The Heavens Crush The Earth!

HSSB1155: The heavens crush the earth!

Yan Zhaoge executed the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, pressuring the black-clothed Brocade Emperor into retreat once more.

Then, he scanned the vast area before him, “Creation Sabre…foundation of the world…”

Some remnant traces of the battle that had just taken place could barely be distinguished by him.

“It looks like you weren’t able to stop my father?” Yan Zhaoge gazed at the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng, “Where is Upper Chen? Has he gone to pursue my father?”

Wang Zhengcheng sighed, saying not a word as he prepared to head north.

Yan Zhaoge’s figure flickered as he intercepted him, “Since the Earth Exalt was unable to stop my father, this Yan will be asking you to stay where you are.”

Since his father had been able to break free of his encirclement before he had arrived, Yan Zhaoge did not have to worry about him.

Instead, if he was able to tie up both the black-clothed Brocade Emperor and the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng here, there would be fewer variables over at Yan Di’s side as Xue Chuqing would be in a safer position.

“I have already upheld my side of the agreement to my fullest abilities, Earth Exalt,” The black-clothed Brocade Emperor still had a calm expression on his face, just that he was gazing at Yan Zhaoge solemnly and warily.

“It is fine, Brocade Emperor. It was this old man who made a miscalculation, never having thought that the cultivation bases of our opponents might actually rise once more within a mere few years.”

Wang Zhengcheng nodded to the black-clothed Brocade Emperor in greeting before turning to look at Yan Zhaoge with a complex expression on his face, “Yan Family father and son, Duo Fallen Deities they are…Southern Nie’s words were definitely not false praise.”

“It is indeed a cause for rejoice that Daoism was still able to produce talents like you father and son following the Great Calamity.”

“A pity, a pity. If your father had not married the Snow Crane that year, if you had not inherited the legacy of the Dim Radiant Emperor back then, how great it would have been.”

His hands behind his back, Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “These words of yours are pretty much pointless now, Elder Wang.”

“You speak rightly, Fallen Deity. This old man was just feeling emotional at how fate makes a fool of us all, with Dim Radiant Yin and Bright Connection Hu having left behind endless venomous perils,” Wang Zhengcheng sighed.

“Whatever you say, Elder Wang,” Yan Zhaoge said nonchalantly, “This Yan will still do what I am going to do regardless.”

“For example, I very much feel like killing you now.”

While Yan Zhaoge’s tone was relaxed, his killing intent was not concealed in the least as it coldly penetrated deep into their core.

The Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng had lived for several thousand years, having experienced many momentous events in his life and overcome countless crises of life and death.

Still, this was the very first time Wang Zhengcheng was seeing someone so young openly speaking of killing him.

The crucial thing was that while the other party was only a late Immortal Bridge Martial Saint, Wang Zhengcheng had to acknowledge that this was not mere blustering as it was an actual death threat!

From how even the black-clothed Brocade Emperor was actually unable to defeat Yan Zhaoge, Wang Zhengcheng knew that even with the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram to help him, he might still be slain by Yan Zhaoge on the spot if he was careless.

“Does the Earth Exalt think that we father and son are good to bully?” Yan Zhaoge gazed coldly at Wang Zhengcheng.

Wang Zhengcheng shook his head, “How would I dare.”

He had hoped to keep Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di from finding out about this matter as he wiped Xue Chuqing off the face of this earth with none the wiser.

No one would know what had befallen Xue Chuqing afterwards as Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di would believe that she was still roaming about somewhere.

Seeking out Xue Chuqing would not be easy as it would inevitably cause a disturbance. Wang Zhengcheng and co knew that Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were looking for her too and would definitely respond if they realised that they were up to something.

Therefore, they had utilised numerous means, borrowing the commotions at the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion and the Royal Reed Sea to occupy their attention as they secretly made their move.

Sadly for him, Yan Zhaoge’s lot had reacted very quickly to this.

Surpassing Wang Zhengcheng’s predictions even more was how their strength had skyrocketed within a short period of time such that their manpower had correspondingly been compromised.

While Wang Zhengcheng had still not given up yet, it looked like they were already on the cusp of failure.

Even as he floated amidst space, a frenetic Wang Zhengcheng could not help but gaze towards the World beyond Worlds before him.

“Where are you looking at, Earth Exalt?” Yan Zhaoge’s figure suddenly enveloped his field of vision.

The next moment, a palm descended from the heavens!

Wang Zhengcheng inhaled deeply as a powerful force suddenly erupted from his old body!

He made a fist stance with his left hand, pulling it back deeply before clenching it into a fist and punching outwards.

Beneath that punch, streams of subtle qi surged from the acupoints of his body, vaguely condensing as an illusory figure.

Enveloped by that illusory figure, Wang Zhengcheng’s fist seemed to turn into something that resembled a banner whilst also an axe!

Where his fist passed, dim space broke apart with a brilliant light being emitted and boundless thick earth appearing that existed between earlier and later heaven.

It was not that the heavens had collapsed and were falling at this moment.

Instead, the great earth was rising!

The heavy earth was rising unceasingly to the same height as the heavens, even seemingly seeking to shove upwards at the sky it until it shattered!

Qilin Peak’s direct lineage supreme martial art, Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer!

Wang Zhengcheng had a conservative personality as he had simply defended when battling Yan Di earlier in order to delay him.

Facing Yan Zhaoge at this moment, having turned from the interceptor into the intercepted, this oldest Martial Saint of the World beyond Worlds cared not about stability at this moment as he unleashed his most powerful killing move from the get go.

The Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram expanded, the numerous layers of Yin Yang Earth Spirit Soil combining with the great earth formed of Wang Zhengcheng’s fist-intent with a vast increment in power resulting.

Bolstered by an Immortal Artifact, this punch of Wang Zhengcheng’s was something that even an Emperor would have to take seriously.

Yan Zhaoge simply ignored this as he unleashed his Cyclic Heavenly Seal just like that!

As they collided, it was like the heavens and earth had respectively sunk and risen simultaneously, approaching the centre together before smashing each other mightily!

“This is, Reversing Creation?!” Wang Zhengcheng’s expression suddenly changed, “A Martial Saint can manifest the variation of Reversing Creation of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal?”

The collision of the heavens and the earth shockingly ended with the heavens crushing the earth!

Of the Earlier Heaven Three Scriptures of the Jade Clear lineage’s Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, the Heaven Opening Scripture possessed the greatest power in a head-on fight, surpassing the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture somewhat.

The Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer of the Earthly Sovereign’s lineage originated from the Heaven Opening Scripture as out of water, fire, wind and earth that were established by the scripture, the variation of earth had then been specifically worked on and developed.

Still, the superiority of martial arts was one thing and the superiority of the people executing them was another.

Yan Zhaoge’s attainments in the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture surpassed even that of many experts of the Immortal realm as with this supreme martial art cultivated to such a profound realm, he was naturally able to exert a terrifying might which far surpassed martial practitioners of the same cultivation level as well!

Even with the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng having cultivated in the Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer for many years, he was still hard pressed to withstand the might of Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal at this moment!

The great earth was shattered ceaselessly while the heavens continued to collapse!

Seeing this, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s gaze flickered slightly as he flew to Yan Zhaoge’s side before pointing out towards him with a finger.

“Ha!” Yan Zhaoge exhaled, not moving his right hand as he raised his left hand, meeting the black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Grand Commencement Divine Finger with the exact same Cyclic Heavenly Seal!