Chapter 1159 - If Others Won’T Reap Your Old Bones, I Will!

HSSB1159: If others won’t reap your old bones, I will!

“Since you intend to keep that Heavenly Essence Stone fragment, Earth Exalt, that means that you know of its importance too,” Yan Zhaoge looked at Wang Zhengcheng.

Wang Zhengcheng pondered momentarily before saying, “For the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to prioritise it so much, it would surely be remarkable. While its specific uses are not yet determined, this should be an important treasure.”

Yan Zhaoge said coldly, “If the words of the Dim Radiant Emperor are true, his merits would be immeasurable whereas your actions would be damning indeed.”

“If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would really be able to illuminate and convert even our True Immortals after obtaining the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment, the Dim Radiant Emperor’s actions were indeed of considerable merit,” Wang Zhengcheng nodded.

“Even if this was the case, however, all that happened then was unavoidable.”

“After all, the many are more important than the one. With the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord losing the Heavenly Essence Stone fragment, this would only prevent him from extending his lead over us, slowing his footsteps,” Wang Zhengcheng said calmly, “Time is still needed for Daoism to rise up.”

“While this may sound heartless, there is simply nothing we can do about it. On one side is a few people, and the other the entire World beyond Worlds. This old man had no other choice.”

Wang Zhengcheng said, “In order to buy time, to ultimately rid falseness and install rightness, there are some prices that we just have to pay.”

Yan Zhaoge raised the Origin Opening Sword in his hand, saying in an indifferent tone, “In that case, you can be the one to pay this price, Earth Exalt.”

“If this old man had to sacrifice himself, this old man would not hesitate at all. Sadly, it is not my old bones that the Immortal Court wants,” Wang Zhengcheng had a calm expression on his face.

Yan Zhaoge pointed at himself, “My mother is the descendant of the Bright Connection Emperor while my untalented self seems to be considered the descendant of the Dim Radiant Emperor.”

“Fortune and calamity always coexist,” Wang Zhengcheng pondered momentarily before saying, “Sometimes, fortuitous encounters can bring about disasters as well. You really should not have lusted after the relics of the Dim Radiant Emperor back then, Fallen Deity.”

“There is no need for you to worry about me, Earth Exalt. You should worry more about yourself.”

Yan Zhaoge said coldly, “If the Immortal Court won’t reap your old bones…”

“I will!”

A majestic sword-light descended from the heavens, breaking through the numerous layers of Yin Yang Earth Spirit Soil as it hacked down towards Wang Zhengcheng.

Wang Zhengcheng sought to flee as he swept along the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram and shot off in the direction of Kunlun Mountain.

Only if he managed to successfully return to Qilin Cliff where there were mechanisms left behind by the Earthly Sovereign would he be safe.

Yet, Yan Zhaoge’s sword-light changed from domineering to agile at this moment, freely traversing the layers of soil.

Then, wisps of white qi suddenly appeared amidst that sword-light!

It was a terrifying aura that could extinguish all things!

“Immortal Ending Sword! You are indeed versed in sword arts of the Prime Clear lineage!” Wang Zhengcheng was shocked as he saw numerous layers of spirit soil shatter beneath that white qi.

Yan Zhaoge emitted a low roar, the sword-light flying out of his hands and spinning in a circle, forcibly separating Wang Zhengcheng from the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram!

Next, he strode forward, striking out with a Cyclic Heavenly Seal.

Wang Zhengcheng pushed both his hands upwards, seeking to block it.

Still, without the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram, how could he block Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal?

He was immediately sent flying by that palm.

Yan Zhaoge left the Origin Opening Sword to engage the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram as he went forth, arriving before Wang Zhengcheng once more.

“Easily arrogant in youth, only regretting when aged,” Both his arms broken and blood leaking from the corners of his mouth, Wang Zhengcheng coughed unceasingly, “It is just a pity that the talent of Fallen Deity has been pointlessly ruined and wasted…argh!”

Before he could finish speaking, Yan Zhaoge had already launched a punch which struck his chest!

The terrifying destructive power of the Grand Shattering Brightness Fist caused Wang Zhengcheng’s flesh and blood to collapse.

Yan Zhaoge’s fist resembled the sharpest spear in existence which embedded itself in his chest!

It was only because of the vigour, heaviness and high defense of Qilin Cliff’s martial arts that although Wang Zhengcheng had his chest pierced through, he was still alive.

Even so, he was still unable to move with his cultivation base and the strength of his fleshly body as fresh blood surged, spilling unceasingly out of his mouth and nose with his breathing thus hindered.

“Whether I am talented or not is my problem. Even if my talents are ruined, that would not happen in your hands. There is no need for you to worry about this, Earth Exalt,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “I think you should really be more concerned about yourself.”

“Right now, your very ‘heart’ is in question.”

While Wang Zhengcheng was virtually unable to speak any longer, he could clearly sense that his heart was being gripped by someone!

His chest had been penetrated by Yan Zhaoge’s fist as a large hole had been opened within.

From the front, it could be seen that Yan Zhaoge’s arm was still stuck inside his chest.

From the back, Yan Zhaoge’s hand could visibly be seen amidst Wang Zhengcheng’s mangled flesh and blood, grabbing a still beating heart!

As Yan Zhaoge furled his fingers, Wang Zhengcheng’s face instantly turned from pale to purplish-red!

“Stay your hand!”

A shout now resounded from the distance as someone sped over from Kunlun Mountain.

It was the Dense Encompassing Emperor!

“Stay your hand, Fallen Deity! Do not be rash!” The Encompassing Emperor sought to approach, but Yan Zhaoge exerted force with his fingers, Wang Zhengcheng’s face virtually turning purplish black at once.

The Encompassing Emperor could only helplessly halt, advising him urgently, “Do not be rash, Fallen Deity! Otherwise, things may become completely irreparable!”

Yan Zhaoge had a calm expression on his face, “Hello, Encompassing Emperor. Forgive this Yan for being unable to greet you properly now.”

“No need for that,” The Encompassing Emperor forced a smile as he urgently said, “First things first, let the Earth Exalt go! With the state of his current injuries, he will be in danger if he is not treated in time!”

Yan Zhaoge looked as if he had no idea what the other party was talking about, “Well, killing him is exactly what I am planning on doing.”

“Fallen Deity, you have a bright future ahead of you. Do not make a mistake!” The Encompassing Emperor said in a heavy tone, “This old man has already learnt of what happened. There is still room to work around this. Still, if the Earth Exalt dies in your hands, there would really be no going back.”

“I am still not yet certain of my mother’s safety,” Yan Zhaoge said mildly, “If anything has happened to her, there is already no going back.”

The Encompassing Emperor exclaimed, “You have still not gone beyond the point of no return. But should the Earth Exalt die in your hands, even the Sword Sovereign would not be able to protect you!”

Yan Zhaoge looked calmly at the Encompassing Emperor as a hint of a smile suddenly appeared at the corners of his mouth, “If you really wished to mediate, Encompassing Emperor, why did you not advise the Earth Exalt and the Heaven Emperor against their actions beforehand?”

“When they obstructed us while attempting to claim my mother’s life, what were you, the Encompassing Emperor, doing?”

The Encompassing Emperor was silent for a time.

“I understand. If they were able to covertly capture and kill my mother without my father and I detecting it, you would actually be fine with that,” Yan Zhaoge said calmly, “Still, if we detected it, you would instead not wish for Wang Zhengcheng’s lot to succeed lest a conflict arises between us.”

The Encompassing Emperor had just wanted to speak when Yan Zhaoge suddenly laughed, “I should thank you, really. Through you, I have learnt of one thing.”

“From the direction in which you came from Kunlun Mountain, you came not from your cave manor at Circle Intelligence Ridge’s Myriad Phenomena Cave but from the Concealed Sovereign’s Restful Immortal Valley, right?”

Hearing his words, the Encompassing Emperor’s expression changed slightly.

“It looks like the Concealed Sovereign has indeed still yet to leave seclusion,” Yan Zhaoge turned to look at Wang Zhengcheng, his smile widening as his white teeth were revealed, “So, it looks like your luck isn’t good enough.”

He exerted force with his fingers as Wang Zhengcheng’s heart was instantly reduced to a haze of blood!

The force swept through his blood vessels like a raging thunderbolt, causing Wang Zhengcheng’s other internal organs to shatter as well!

Next came the flesh, blood and bones of his entire body!

Finally, even his very soul exploded!