Chapter 1156 - Yan Zhaoge Goes 1V2

HSSB1156: Yan Zhaoge goes 1v2

Yan Zhaoge simultaneously executed two Cyclic Heavenly Seals, opposing the black-clothed Brocade Emperor and the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng.

On one side was the Grand Clear direct lineage’s Grand Commencement Divine Finger of the Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations that was formless and boundlessly subtle.

On the other was the Jade Clear direct lineage’s Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer of Qilin Cliff’s lineage which was vigorous, mighty and tyrannical.

As a ninth level Martial Saint, Yan Zhaoge was rampantly battling one against two at this moment!

His body shook slightly at first. Still, the twin qis of yin and yang soon appeared above his head, intermingling as they circulated.

As the two extremities of yin and yang shifted, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Wang Zhengcheng simultaneously sensed their attacks being affected.

“Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture!

The two realised with a start where the problem lay.

Possessing the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture and having a considerably high level of proficiency in it, Yan Zhaoge did not fear being attacked by multiple enemies.

This was unless his opponents were able to dispel the profundities of the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture or one of them greatly surpassed him in strength, being able to occupy most of his attention.

Yin and yang above his head, treading on Taiji, Yan Zhaoge used himself as a wheel and spun abruptly.

The Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture and the Taiji Yin Yang Palm were executed simultaneously as the concept of the Cyclic Heavenly Scripture was integrated within by Yan Zhaoge as well.

The heavens and earth were reversed as he spun, shockingly guiding Wang Zhengcheng’s Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer towards the black-clothed Brocade Emperor!

Meanwhile, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Grand Commencement Divine Finger was directed towards Wang Zhengcheng and the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram!

With the cultivation bases of the Brocade Emperor and Wang Zhengcheng, the power behind their attacks could naturally not be used to harm they themselves.

Yet, their attacks were clearly swerving towards each other at this moment.

They were not deviating in terms of direction. Instead, it was their principles that were deviating.

It was as if them attacking Yan Zhaoge previously had actually been a feint as their true intended targets had really been each other in the first place.

Now, the mirages were peeled away as reality had resumed.

Wishing to change this reality, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Wang Zhengcheng could only retract their stances and terminate the attack.

Still, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor had a calm expression on his face as he remained unmoved.

He was someone who had the ability to dispel the profundities of the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture.

He executed the Grand Commencement Divine Finger with one hand as fishes of yin and yang combined on his other palm, transforming into a Taiji diagram and circulating rapidly.

Fuelled by the true intent of the Taiji Yin Yang Palm, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Grand Commencement Divine Finger instantly broke free from the influence of Yan Zhaoge’s Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture as it was directed towards Yan Zhaoge once more.

Nearby, the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng inhaled deeply.

He did not stabilise his body with his left fist that was pulled back by his waist as he instead punched straight upwards.

It was actually the Cyclic Heavenly Seal too!

While he was not as proficient in it as Yan Zhaoge was, Wang Zhengcheng was also not expecting to defeat Yan Zhaoge’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal with that of his own.

Instead, he intended to dissipate Yan Zhaoge’s palm force from the side, helping to bear the burden for his other hand that was executing the Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer.

“Open!” Yan Zhaoge was fearless as ever as his stance suddenly changed.

Light and darkness became distinctly separate, dim darkness dissipating and radiance surging.

The next moment, the radiance shattered, the great dao no longer existing!

The rampant destructive force forcibly shattered the black and white Taiji diagram formed of the black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Taiji Yin Yang Palm and smashed the thick, heavy earth born from Wang Zhengcheng’s Yin Yang Earth Heaven Breaking Hammer.

The two frowned in unison, “What a violent fist art!”

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor retracted his stance and blocked Yan Zhaoge’s punch with the Grand Commencement Divine Finger that could be used for both attack and defence.

The Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng sunk downwards, sinking deep into the dense Yin Yang Earth Spirit Soil as he executed the Heaven Earth Origin Returning Mother Fist to withstand Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

Wresting the initiative with a single move, Yan Zhaoge roared towards the heavens, switching techniques once more!

He raised his arms, a sword appearing in both his hands.

One was the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword while the other was the Evil Sword Taotie.

The two swords simultaneously descended the next moment, respectively hacking towards the black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Wang Zhengcheng.

Streams of true essence surged above Yan Zhaoge’s head with yin and yang intermingling and passivity and activity coexisting as a turtle and a snake, one tough and one subtle, appeared.

The divine spirit of Xuanwu manifested, suppressing the myriad heavens.

The image of Xuanwu condensed on the tips of both Yan Zhaoge’s swords.

The next moment, blood spurted out from the Xuanwus!

Countless ferocious sword glows shot out from the bodies of both the Xuanwus, transforming into sharp, domineering lights that chopped towards Yan Zhaoge’s two opponents.

“This sword art…” The black-clothed Brocade Emperor immediately sensed the abnormal aspects therein.

He had previously witnessed Yan Zhaoge’s sword art, Slaying Azure Dragon.

Back then, besides the profundities of the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, Yan Zhaoge had integrated a little of the profundities of the Immortal Exterminating Sword into it as well.

Now, however, his sword art was fully backed up by the Immortal Exterminating Sword.

Nurturing the avatars formed of the Xuanwu Fist Scripture with the Jade Clear lineage’s Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture before Slaying Xuanwu with the Immortal Exterminating Sword, collapsing yin and yang and breaking through all principles.

While it took reference from the swords of the Prime Clear lineage, the Prime Clear lineage’s sword arts were not outwardly manifested as it was instead supreme martial arts of the Jade Clear and Grand Clear lineages which acted as the sword of destruction.

It was unlike Slaying Azure Dragon which was brutal and decisive, slaughtering all lifeforms.

Still, this Slaying Xuanwu was better at taking down defences as it was specifically a counter to opponents with powerful defensive abilities!

As his fingertip met the tip of the Cloud Circulating Heavenly Light Sword, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor emitted a muffled groan as he toppled backwards.

While he was not injured, radiance flickered on the tip of his index finger which had just forcibly collided with Yan Zhaoge’s sword, circulating without end.

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor actually felt unable to execute the Grand Commencement Divine Finger again for a time.

Meanwhile, the Evil Sword Taotie rampantly devoured the Yin Yang Earth Spirit Soil, the mighty Slaying Xuanwu breaking through the numerous layers of soil to arrive before the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng!

Beneath that sword, even with the timely protection of the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram, Wang Zhengcheng was very nearly pierced through in the forehead by Yan Zhaoge’s sword.

The two experts who were attacking Yan Zhaoge individually retreated to the sides.

They stabilised their conditions and gazed at Yan Zhaoge, their moods heavy.

If one were to speak of the shocking talents of Yan Di, Nie Jingshen and Chen Qianhua who could withstand True Immortals as Human Exalts, how terrifying and mighty was Yan Zhaoge who was currently only a ninth level Martial Saint?

In their latest confrontation, Yan Zhaoge had no longer relied on the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture to maintain an advantage over them as he had clashed head-on with and repelled them both!

However wondrous and abstruse his sword arts, how massive an accumulation of true essence was needed to support such mighty attacks of his as he simultaneously clashed with two major experts?

Despite being greatly knowledgeable and experienced, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor and the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng both found this very difficult to understand indeed.

“Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, Life Creation Heavenly Scripture, Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture, Taiji Yin Yang Palm…even with the Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body and Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form, it would still not be able to keep up with the depletion!” The two had uncomprehending looks on their faces as they gazed at Yan Zhaoge, “How can he do it?”

After simultaneously wielding dual swords and repelling two major experts, Yan Zhaoge exhaled slowly.

White and black appeared in his breath, flowing on without end.

As he exhaled and inhaled, his breath extended to its distant source as he rapidly returned to his peak state.

He raised his swords, directing them at his two opponents before him. While he said nothing, his meaning was self-evident.

The black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Wang Zhengcheng stared unblinkingly at Yan Zhaoge.

Now, an area by the boundaries of dimensional space of the World beyond Worlds in the distance suddenly distorted.

A tyrannical, majestic sabre-light penetrated through the power of dimensions, virtually seeking to arrive in extradimensional space.

Along with it came a dense air of blood and death.

Yan Zhaoge did not so much as look back as he said slowly, “This is the second Human Exalt to have fallen beneath my father’s sabre.”