Chapter 1168 - Central Kunlun, East Broad Creed

HSSB1168: Central Kunlun, East Broad Creed

The newly ascended Yan Di had successively defeated the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng and the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua.

Everyone was shocked upon learning of this.

Still, thinking about it again, while it was unexpected, it actually seemed reasonable.

After all, he was someone who had slain the former Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen at the eighth level of the Martial Saint realm…

“I heard that when Chief Yan was in that lower world, others dared not refer to him directly as they added a character to his name and called him Yan Wudi, meaning Yan Invincible. It denoted how he was invincible amongst Martial Scholars, invincible amongst Martial Grandmasters.”

Manor Lord Heng Xianda of Wind Thunder Manor sighed emotionally, “Many thought this title to be a joke at first in the World beyond Worlds. It was only after Chief Yan slew the former Southern Exalt that no one mentioned it any longer.”

“After today, however, it will probably revive once again…”

Also, it would be no joke at all.

Everyone in the World beyond Worlds would have to seriously keep an eye out as this figure who had suddenly risen to prominence like a shooting star, son of the deceased Exalted Gold Luminary, was almost surely all but invincible amongst Martial Saints now.

He was already one of those closest to this glorious accolade, at least.

The news that was successively transmitted back was increasingly shocking.

The Eastern Exalt Daoist Oneheaven had been slain by Yan Di in the eastern Vast Heaven Territory!

Yet another Human Exalt had been killed by Yan Di, following the footsteps of the former Southern Exalt Zhuang Shen.

Next, Jade Capital Crag’s Origin Opening Sword had been taken out and delivered to Fallen Deity Yan Zhaoge, with the black-clothed Brocade Emperor having then been soundly sent packing.

And finally, most shocking of all was that the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng had been rampantly slain by Yan Zhaoge!

As soon as the news spread, the entire World beyond Worlds was rendered speechless.

It was not shock that everyone first felt as they instead felt somewhat lost.

Even if the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua had died, it would not have affected the World beyond Worlds as immensely as this.

On one hand, Chen Qianhua was a solitary person who seldom interacted with others.

On the other, he had only accomplished his fame over a century ago at the end of the day.

In contrast, the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng was virtually from the founding era of the World beyond Worlds, having weathered many storms with the World beyond Worlds over the years.

With the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors reigning high above, it was Wang Zhengcheng who interacted with the various powers of the World beyond Worlds most of the time.

His authority did not just originate from the Earthly Sovereign alone.

Wang Zhengcheng had played a significant role throughout the entire history of the World beyond Worlds as his influence was something that could not be understated.

While he was a Martial Saint, the effects of his death were comparable to if it was an Emperor who had died.

Such an existence had actually been slain in battle today?

Countless people of the World beyond Worlds were rendered dazed on the spot, finding it hard to come to terms with it.

In the southwestern Vermillion Heaven Territory, close to where the central Jun Heaven Territory and the western Turtle Heaven Territory met, a white-clothed man stood amidst space as he was silent for a long time.

The disciples beside him were also all gaping and speechless at this moment.

A long while passed before they finally snapped out of it and turned to look at that white-clothed man, “Master…sen…senior apprentice-uncle Yan killed the Earth Exalt. This…this is really…”

The white-clothed man was the Southwestern Exalt Bai Tao.

He had left after receiving Wang Pu’s message to reinforce the central Jun Heaven Territory while keeping an eye on the Western Exalt Lang Qing from the western Turtle Heaven Territory’s Nongli Mountain as well.

It was just that the sudden news still left him at a loss.

“The Earth Exalt is a descendant of the Earthly Sovereign at the end of the day,” Bai Tao resumed his footsteps in striding towards the central Jun Heaven Territory, “Things will not end easy here…”

As the martial practitioners who were congregated in the vicinity of Yuanzhou City in having originally come to attend the auction heard about this, a deathly silence descended at once.

When everyone had finally finished digesting the news, they all felt it to be inexplicable as they were shocked.

Those who had the qualifications to attend the auction were all not simple as they were heroes of a region themselves.

They all acutely realised that today’s matter was probably merely the beginning!

This battle was very likely to have far-reaching effects, even completely shaking the global situation of the World beyond Worlds that had been stable for so long.

Everyone’s gazes that were on the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion turned complex as well.

The Earthly Sovereign’s might had been accumulated for many years as he was likely supported by the Concealed Sovereign too.

Behind Broad Creed Mountain and the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion stood the Sword Sovereign.

With a standoff between the two sides centred about the southern and northern peaks of Kunlun Mountain, the martial practitioners of the World beyond Worlds had vaguely been divided in two.

As Northern High Peak’s Jade Capital Crag had arisen relatively later on, it was inferior to Southern High Peak’s Qilin Cliff in terms of accumulation as well as reputation.

Still, aside from the ever-elusive Chen Qianhua, the most outstanding newly arisen geniuses of the World beyond Worlds’ recent generations virtually all shared a close relationship with Jade Capital Crag.

In contrast, while Qilin Cliff’s lineage was not low in quantity, they lacked a famed leading figure of the younger generation who was comparable to Yan Zhaoge and the others.

At the same time, many great powers of the World beyond Worlds had deep ties with the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion as decisively terminating their relationship was not something that could be done so easily.

Even if they were determined to do so, Qilin Cliff had to believe them and time would be needed to verify this too.

A greater cause for concern was how no one really seemed able to keep Broad Creed Mountain in check at all with the Earthly Sovereign away and the Concealed Sovereign in secluded cultivation.

The only way this might be possible was if the Emperors of the World beyond Worlds all joined forces in suppressing them.

Still, things were such that they should already count their blessings if the Female Emperor did not help Broad Creed Mountain, the Brocade Emperor was in a spot of trouble himself and the Encompassing Emperor was strictly neutral. The Heaven Emperor alone was helpless.

How things would change when the Earthly Sovereign returned and the Concealed Sovereign emerged from seclusion was something for the future.

Before that, Broad Creed Mountain and Jade Capital Crag held a clear, absolute advantage. The current World beyond Worlds was effectively their playground.

If they offended Yan Zhaoge and co now in wishing to stand on the side of Qilin Cliff, they would probably be tragically doomed, only being able to wait for someone to avenge them in the future.

Such a predicament left everyone rather conflicted.

With that, when Yan Zhaoge returned to the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion, no one knew what to say as they saw him.

Yan Zhaoge was wholly unconcerned with this as he simply smiled and nodded to those acquainted ones before walking towards Xiao Ai and the others.

“Xiao Ai, my mother’s fine. Do you want to go see her?”

On hearing his words, Xiao Ai’s eyes instantly widened as she nodded enthusiastically like a chicken pecking feed, “Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!”

“Right. Just go to the eastern Vast Heaven Territory’s Remote Cloud Mountain. Both my father and mother have headed there,” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

The hearts of those in the vicinity all jolted as they heard this.

While they had had a vague feeling that this would be the case after hearing that the Eastern Exalt, Daoist Oneheaven, had been slain by Yan Di, it was still different hearing it from the horse’s mouth as they all felt somewhat emotional at this.

Broad Creed Mountain would thereon truly be the East Peak of Daoism.

Also, it was different from Nongli Mountain that occupied the western Turtle Heaven Territory.

Broad Creed Mountain that was soon to become the overlord of the eastern Vast Heaven Territory clearly did not have its influence limited merely to the east.

Rather than that, it was a massive entity which held the entire World beyond Worlds in its sway.

The endless potential of Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di who were Martial Saints but could match True Immortals had only just begun to manifest for real.

Their future accomplishments would only be even more terrifying.

With that, East Broad Creed was vaguely forming in opposition to Central Kunlun.

To everyone, it already seemed almost apparent that Kunlun Mountain was no longer the sole centre of the World beyond Worlds.