Chapter 1169 - Tit For Tat

Chapter 1169: Tit for Tat

Translator: Flying-Lines

Although everyone in the vicinity tried to keep their gaze as concealed as possible, how could Yan Zhaoge not be aware of it?

However, he did not say much about that, and after watching Xiao Ai heading east with joy, he turned to look at Qiu Jiahai and Wang Pu who also just returned to Yuanzhou City.

“Thanks for lending me the sword, senior apprentice-brother,” said Yan Zhaoge as he spread his palm, on which appeared an ancient sword glimmering with golden radiance.

Immortal Artifacts, Origin Opening Sword!

Now in its dormancy, the sword looked quite ordinary.

However, if someone concentrated his mind to see how the ancient sword looked like, he would unwittingly immerse himself in it, with his mind enchanted and his soul hurt by the sword intent.

Though its sword intent was not ferocious, swords like this were still weapons that could kill and slaughter, the fierceness and sharpness of which were naturally far greater than that of other treasures.

Wang Pu took the sword with a forced smile, “Zhaoge, I didn’t expect you to kill…”

“Though we’re enemies, I have to admit that Earthly Exalt was an opponent of indomitable will.” Yan Zhaoge continued, “If I didn’t finish him this time, he would never stop making troubles until he got what he wanted. This time, what he did endangered my mother, which left me no choice.”

With that, he cupped his hand and apologized, “I’m deeply sorry what I did may bring trouble to senior apprentice-uncle Yue and senior apprentice-brothers of Jade Capital Crag.”

Both Wang Pu and Qiu Jiahai shook their heads repeatedly with wry smiles.

“What’s done is done. The top priority is to figure out a way to deal with the follow-up problems,” said Qiu Jiahai with a long sigh. “I’m wondering when Concealed Sovereign will end his secluded cultivation, when Earthly Sovereign and Master will get back to Worlds beyond Worlds. It really matters which comes first.”

“I’m planning on it.” Yan Zhaoge then continued after briefly mentioning that Astro Sovereign might be in the northern Profound Heaven Territory, “Perhaps I may leave Worlds beyond Worlds, by then you can get in touch with my father should anything happen.”

“I’d like to thank you in advance as we may have a lot favors to ask from you in the near future,” said Yan Zhaoge in an earnest tone.

Qiu Jaihai turned to Wang Pu, who remained silent. As a man of prudence, he was somewhat conservative in the way he dealt with matters. He only lent Origin Opening Sword to stop the enemy from getting more powerful and to protect Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di’s safety.

Never did Wang Pu expect that Yan family would gain such a complete victory and even slay the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng, which was absolutely not what he wanted. He was very much glad to help Yan Zhaoge and his father resist the pressure from Qilin Cliff, but declaring war with Qilin Cliff was never what he wanted for Jade Capital Crag.

However, he just heaved a long sigh after imagining how his Master Yue Zhenbei would react about this, “Rest assured. I’ll assist senior apprentice-uncle Yan in stabilizing the situation. And it would be great if Astro Sovereign can help to mediate.”

“Many thanks, senior apprentice-brother Wang and Yue,” said Yan Zhaoge apologetically.

To some extent, Jade Capital Crag was dragged into this. Though he never hesitated to entrap others, he did feel sorry for the trouble he had made. Yet explaining excessively afterwards would be useless and hypocritical, what he could do now was to bear all this in mind and find some other way to compensate when there was a chance.

Besides, it had always been his code of conduct to redress after stirring up trouble.

“I have one more favor to ask. Please help to mediate the enmity between my mother and the northwestern Red Sea,” Yan Zhaoge continued. “My father would persuade mother to return the treasures she got from northwestern Red Sea, if they are still in her hands.”

The Northwestern Exalt Lian Zulin had been in chase of Xue Chuqing but stopped ever since she learned the connection between Yan family and Jade Jade Capital Crag on the opening ceremony of Broad Creed Mountain.

“If the treasures are lost or destroyed, we would try all we can to make up for the loss,” added Yan Zhaoge with his hands folded.

Wang Pu shook his head, “Junior apprentice-brother Yan, there is really no need to stand on ceremony. Are you leaving for the northern Profound Heaven Territory now?”

“I’ll first go to Kunlun Mountain with you then head north afterwards,” replied Yan Zhaoge with a smile.

Upon hearing that, Wang Pu’s heart jolted for a second. But he soon regained his composure as nothing would be as shocking as the fact that Wang Zhengcheng was killed by Yan Zhaoge.

“What are you planning?” asked Wang Pu after accepting Yan Zhaoge’s company.

“Hey hey…” Yan Zhaoge grinned, which immediately sent shivers down the spine of Wang Pu, who nearly lost his composure again.

With an unfathomable smile, Yan Zhaoge turned to Qiu Jiahai, “Brother Qiu, please help to appease the guests attending the auction and explain to them that Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion will keep the routine of one auction a month. And please let the guests be patient as I may not be able to provide an exact deadline for customized service.”

He had some matters to attend to in the following days and would not be able to refine implements in Dragon Butterfly Valley.

There were still some treasures in stock for monthly auction; however, customized service would have to wait till he got some time.

Yan Zhaoge headed straight to Kunlun Mountain after asking Qiu Jiaha et al to help deal with some matters of Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion.

Upon entering Kunlun Mountain, Wang Pu immediately pulled a long face when he saw the towering peak in the distance.

“I’ll go alone. Please stay here, Brother Wang,” said Yan Zhaoge smilingly. Then he walked in the air to the mountain.

A Hu asked out of curiosity, “Mr. Wang, what is that place?”

“Illusory Coming Peak…” gnashed Wang Pu with a look of toothache, “the adobe of Heaven Emperor.”

Illusory Coming Peak in Kunlun Mountain was the place where Heaven Emperor’s dao arena dwelled.

Wang Pu’s face gradually turned grave as he watched Yan Zhaoge’s back. Then with a second thought, he knew why Yan Zhaoge was here.

Yan Zhaoge was not here to simply vent his anger, he was here to send a message to the Worlds beyond Worlds, a silent message that would break the current sitemap of three sovereigns and five emperors.

All in Worlds beyond Worlds were stirred and took a wait-and-see approach for what would happen later after Yan Zhaoge killed Wang Zhengcheng.

Yan Zhaoge and Broad Creed Mountain were now declaring their stand with great fanfare: They had no intention of bowing their heads to Qilin Cliffs.

Moving the whole Broad Creed Mountain to the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory and becoming the Lord of the East was only the first step.

What Yan Zhaoge was doing now was the second step.

“It was such an honor that Heaven Emperor visited Broad Creed Mountain twice, an honor that I, Yan Zhaoge, dared not forget.” Yan Zhaoge walked in the air and stopped over the Illusory Coming Peak, “Now I’m repaying the visit, are you, Heaven Emperor, in the peak?”

With that, he stretched his palm and pressed down at the Illusory Coming Peak, which, originally reaching high into the clouds, now shrank into the size of a tea cup under his palm.