Chapter 1161 - Mother And Son Meet

HSSB1161: Mother and son meet

Yan Zhaoge sped along as he pondered on what he should do next.

Joining the Roving Jade Heavens was naturally an option. Still, Yan Zhaoge did not intend to do so unless there was really no other choice.

It was not that it would be a loss of face if he were to flee. Instead, he would lose all that he had acquired in the World beyond Worlds so far, such as his business, connections and Broad Creed Mountain’s development to date.

It would really be quite a pity if he had to move elsewhere and start all over again.

This matter had come upon them all of a sudden as there had been no time to consider all aspects. Something would have to be given up no matter what.

Additionally, the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei would also be put in a spot by this.

After all, Yan Zhaoge had borrowed the Origin Opening Sword to deal decisive damage to Wang Zhengcheng and the black-clothed Brocade Emperor. Jade Capital Crag would inevitably be held responsible for Wang Zhengcheng’s death somewhat.

With the current state of Daoism, the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns would not try to kill the Sword Sovereign unless there was some irreconcilable conflict between them.

Still, the Sword Sovereign definitely had to think for his disciples, Wang Pu, Nie Jingshen and the rest.

If Yan Zhaoge’s family simply ran off just like that, the tensions would fall between the Sword and Earthly Sovereigns as the former would effectively be Yan Zhaoge’s scapegoat.

While the Sword Sovereign, being a disciple of the Exalted Gold Luminary, would probably bear this for the Yan Family, shirking all the responsibility would weigh on Yan Zhaoge’s conscience.

Still, whatever the case, Yan Zhaoge had to be assured of Xue Chuqing’s safety first.

It would naturally be best if Xue Chuqing was safe and sound. Still, Yan Zhaoge inevitably felt rather awkward as he thought about potentially having to meet her later.

To be honest, this mother of his was more like a symbol or a tale to him than an actual living person.

While he had seen images of her before and knew what she looked like, even having some memories of her from a long time back, strictly speaking, this was a person he had never met or interacted with for real before.

It would be fine if it were anyone else. Still, this was his own mother. This made it feel very awkward.

Yan Zhaoge had a close relationship with Yan Di now as he was also on great terms with Ah Hu, Yuan Zhengfeng, Xu Fei, Fang Zhun, Sikong Qing and Fu Enshu etcetera.

Still, this was based on the foundation of the many hardships which they had gone through together all these years.

They had lived together and shared in both fortune and calamity.

After he had first awoken in the Eight Extremities World that year, he had interacted with Yan Di and Ah Hu for the span of a few months to nearly half a year before gradually losing his awkwardness as well as perpetual caution.

Now, seeing that he might have to go through this yet once more, Yan Zhaoge felt rather helpless.

While Yan Zhaoge had been extremely young when he and Xue Chuqing had been separated, with many years already having passed since then, blood was ultimately thicker than water.

Yan Zhaoge was really finding it a little difficult to properly grasp things here.

He had also never been through a similar situation in the past.

How to act in front of outsiders was simple enough.

Regarding his mother’s safety, whether or not they had been separated for many years, Yan Zhaoge naturally had to give it his all.

Moreover, Yan Di would definitely go all out here.

While Yan Zhaoge was unfamiliar with Xue Chuqing, he had formed a deep relationship with Yan Di over the years.

It was just that being face to face with Xue Chuqing would inevitably be rather awkward.

“It so happens that the situation now is very pressing. After we meet and I ask after her, we should immediately get down to talking about the important stuff!” Yan Zhaoge pressed his right fist with his left hand, “If we talk about and handle official matters first, there will be no need to talk about private matters. Afterwards, we will be able to gradually get familiarised with each other through our interactions.”

Actually, he too very much yearned for such ties of kinship. It was because of this that he had been able to set aside his reservations and inhibitions with Yan Di so quickly back then.

“Let’s do it this way then,” Yan Zhaoge nodded a few times in succession, feeling very pleased with his brilliance indeed.

Now, light suddenly flickered in the distance.

Sensing the aura within, Yan Zhaoge knew that it was Yan Di.

Yan Di had clearly had similar thoughts to Yan Zhaoge after things in the eastern Vast Heaven Territory had been settled.

After learning that Yan Zhaoge had pursued Wang Zhengcheng back into the World beyond Worlds, Yan Di had immediately rushed towards the central Jun Heaven Territory too.

As the two sides met, Yan Zhaoge was startled as he was only able to see Yan Di alone.

Still, seeing no sorrow on the face of his father as joy was barely being repressed at his brows, Yan Zhaoge knew that things had gone well.

“Hey, father…” Yan Zhaoge looked all around the place, “So…where is my mother? Is she alright?”

Yan Di appraised Yan Zhaoge with a glance and smiled as he saw that he was basically unharmed, “She’s fine. I arrived in a timely manner and slew that Daoist Oneheaven.”

His ultra-rare smiling manner right now was such that Yan Zhaoge clicked his tongue in wonder.

“As for your mother…” Yan Di could not help but smile, “Now that she is so close to home, she is unsure of how to face you…”

Right then, a female voice resounded amidst space, “What’re you talking about? It’s just that the situation right now is unclear, and I am busy coming up with strategies for dealing with it!”

Yan Zhaoge was taken aback as he somehow found this line of speech so very familiar…

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud above Yan Di’s head bloomed like a lotus.

A woman leapt out from amongst the flower petals that resembled numerous clouds of stars, arriving before Yan Zhaoge.

Gazing over, Yan Zhaoge saw that the woman looked to be in her thirties as she had beautiful features and a refined, elegant air about her.

She clearly looked like that Xue Chuqing whom Yan Zhaoge had seen a great many images of.

It was just that the current Xue Chuqing had a bit of a mature air about her whereas she had previously appeared to be in her twenties.

As compared to those images, she possessed greater flair in real life. Her gaze was lively and intelligent with some craftiness contained within. Still, she also seemed laid-back, bright and graceful.

“Mo…ther?” Yan Zhaoge bore the awkwardness and ventured hesitantly.

While Xue Chuqing appeared graceful, she was actually sneakily observing Yan Zhaoge too as she went against her usual flair in exclaiming aloud in wonder, “You’re all grown up now, Zhaoge…”

She too clearly did not know how she should face her son who had already long since grown up.

Yan Zhaoge had still been a little boy of three when she had left in the past.

Besides the times when she had been in disguise these past years, she had basically been living similar to a girl in her youth as she had wandered all around. Now that she had gained such an actual, grown-up son all of a sudden, she needed some time to acclimatise to this.

While she had felt joyful and proud when occasionally hearing news about Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di these past years, Xue Chuqing was still rather flustered now that she had to face Yan Zhaoge for real.

She felt rather guilty.

She had been away from her son for so many years, having never been by his side fulfilling the duties of a mother as he had grown up. She felt deeply regretful about this, feeling like it was extremely unfair to him.

Xue Chuqing had not so much as batted an eyelid as she had been pursued by the World beyond Worlds and the Immortal Court, having had to live on the run.

Still, she really felt rather numb as she faced Yan Zhaoge at this moment.

It was actually more or less the same for Yan Zhaoge too…

“Right, we can talk about these other things later,” Yan Zhaoge decided to go with what he had planned, “I offed the Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng earlier. This is quite a significant matter. We have to quickly think up a plan for dealing with this!”

At virtually the same time as Yan Zhaoge, Xue Chuqing spoke, “We can slowly catch up later. The other side will definitely not let this go so easily. We have to plan ahead for contingencies as well…”

Partway through their words, mother and son both ceased to speak and just stared at each other.

Beside them, Yan Di burst out laughing.