Chapter 1165

HSSB1165: This is just a great big pit waiting for someone to fall inside it

“Oh?” Yan Zhaoge looked at Xue Chuqing, intrigued, “Which three?”

Yan Di gazed over, looking rather interested as well.

Xue Chuqing held up three fingers, “The first is the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.”

“Incidentally, my lineage is one of the direct lineages of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.”

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was also known as the Jade Clear True King as his full title was the Supreme Lord of Divine Sky Jade Clear True King Longevity Emperor Prime Heaven Ruler Sage.

“The second is another of the Four Imperials alongside the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the North Star Emperor.”

The North Star Emperor’s full title was the North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor.

The Purple Tenuity Emperor, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the North Star Emperor and the Earth Queen had been collectively acclaimed as Daoism’s Four Imperials as they were all peak figures of Daoism.

“In terms of seniority and history, the third is even more ancient,” Xue Chuqing said, “This is none other than the source of the Roving Jade Heaven’s lineage, the Incongruence Divine Mother who was a personal disciple of the founder of the Prime Clear lineage, the Lord of Numinous Treasure.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di ruminated on the names of these three bigwigs of Daoism, pondering on what they entailed as they gradually realised something.

“The Incongruence Divine Mother is obviously the figure behind the Roving Jade Heavens,” Yan Zhaoge said, “As for the other two, standing behind the Exalted Wood Luminary, Exalted Solar Luminary and Exalted Lunar Luminary is the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor?”

Yan Di asked, “Whereas standing behind the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns is the North Star Emperor?”

“That’s exactly it,” Xue Chuqing said, “The three of them reside in extradimensional space, but the connection they have with the World beyond Worlds and Roving Jade Heavens is inseparable.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both nodded in understanding.

If the three bigwigs were to reside in stable worlds like the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens or even lower worlds like the Eight Extremities World, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would be able to easily zero in on their positions.

If they remained hovering amidst extradimensional space, even changing their modes of existence as they entered semi-slumbering states that existed almost between existence and nonexistence, even the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would be hard pressed to apprehend traces of them.

Additionally, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord also had to compete with the Future Buddha.

With that, they were best able to preserve their strength while ensuring that the worlds of Daoism like the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens were safer.

A fragile equilibrium had thereby been formed.

The Immortal Court too was willing to spend most of its energies on Buddhism.

Although the North Star Emperor held a conservative stance, seeking to avoid conflict with the Immortal Court and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord as much as possible, he would definitely be unwilling to reside in the World beyond Worlds and leave his safety in the hands of others unless it was utterly essential.

Still, just like Xue Chuqing had said, their relationship with the World beyond Worlds and the Roving Jade Heavens was simply inseparable.

The Kunlun Nine Luminaries had simultaneously viewed the Heaven Opening Scripture and created the World beyond Worlds that year with behind the scenes support from the North Star Emperor and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, finally establishing a safe and healthy haven for orthodox Daoism.

The Incongruence Divine Mother had also been behind the Roving Jade Seven establishing the Roving Jade Heavens.

The split amongst the new Kunlun Nine Luminaries that year had actually been from a severe difference in opinion between the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor.

In the end, the Exalted Wood Luminary and co who supported the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had left, departing the World beyond Worlds.

This had been an unavoidable result.

After all, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Immortal Court would definitely be harsher towards the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and his followers. This was a simple truth.

“The Roving Jade Heavens are even more radical than our faction of people,” Xue Chuqing sighed, “Because of that, the Roving Jade Heavens have had fewer peak experts than our World beyond Worlds all these years, with so many having perished in their conflict with the Immortal Court.”

“That old Grand Master was injured time and time again. The accumulation will probably have taken its toll.”

Yan Zhaoge stroked his lower chin, “Actually, there is something I have always been wondering.”

“It is not just the Immortal Court as there is Buddhism too. While they are opposed to each other, both of them can illuminate and convert the disciples of our orthodox Daoism. Even if they have left the relatively moderate World beyond Worlds alone, they should logically not have tolerated the radical Roving Jade Heavens, right?”

Back when he had been on Buddhism’s side of the wall, besides the Concealed Way World, Yan Zhaoge had journeyed through many other worlds of Buddhism too.

He could tell that Buddhism was definitely not devoid of experts internally and only powerful externally as it truly possessed great strength.

Due to the protection of the Future Buddha, Buddhism had not been harmed as intrinsically as Daoism as its foundation was better than that of both the Immortal Court and the orthodox Three Clear lineages.

“For Buddhism and the Immortal Court, orthodox Daoism which has at least three Heavenly Lords in existence is not some insect that can be decimated with the flick of a finger,” Yan Zhaoge waved his palm, “In that case, why not join forces to split and illuminate us descendants of the direct lineages of the Three Purities between themselves before deciding victory and defeat between them?”

Xue Chuqing shook her head, “While there may some underlying reason for this, I am unclear on it.”

“The waters are even deeper than expected…” Yan Zhaoge muttered aloud.

His thoughts circulated as there was much that instantly came to mind now.

It was just that they were mostly guesses that could not be verified at the present time. Therefore, he could only set them aside to the back of his mind for now.

Breaking out of his reverie, Yan Zhaoge looked first at his father and then at his mother before spreading his palms apart, “The foremost problems that we have to face now are these two.”

“Firstly, are our opponents in the World beyond Worlds only the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns or is it that…there is a possibility of the North Star Emperor personally making a move too?”

“Secondly, might the Immortal Court make use of this chance to launch their attack?”

Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples, “On the flip side, will the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor just sit by and watch the show?”

“This is very hard to say. It depends on the ongoing situation between the Immortal Court and the blessed lands,” Xue Chuqing said.

Yan Zhaoge clapped lightly, “In that case, let us remain focused on what we can see before us.”

“Previously, I was roaming about everywhere, the Area Latitude Formation requires much time and effort and I had to make sure to hide the traces too,” Xue Chuqing said, “Now that I can freely walk the World beyond Worlds thanks to the two of you, setting up the formation will be much quicker.”

“It is just that while being well aware that the Exalted Solar Luminary may be scheming something, do we still move according to the original plan?”

Yan Di slowly said, “We most likely have the same opponents, at the very least. Thus, following the same path is no problem at the present moment. More crucial is what comes later.”

Xue Chuqing nodded, “Let us first try to contact the Exalted Fire Luminary and see if he replies then.”

“You try to contact the Exalted Fire Luminary here, mother. I will go look for the Astro Sovereign,” Yan Zhaoge said.

Still, even as he did so, a voice swiftly reverberated within his mind.

“Gao Han’s thoughts are strange and indiscernible. Things are seldom out of his grasp.”

“While some things may seem incidental, they could have been intentional.”

The words of Mars Halberd that year appeared again in Yan Zhaoge’s mind.

“This is just a great big pit…” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes into slits, “Only waiting to see who falls into it and is buried in the end.”

Suddenly remembering something, he asked Xue Chuqing, “Right, mother, one more thing.”

“Hmm?” Xue Chuqing asked, “What is it?”

“How much do you know about the Great Calamity from back then?” Yan Zhaoge asked solemnly.