Chapter 1164 - Heavenly Lords Of Daoism

HSSB1164: Heavenly Lords of Daoism

“The Exalted Solar Luminary, Gao Han…” Yan Zhaoge felt rather dissatisfied as he considered this.

It was doubtless that he was a part of someone’s scheme.

While the other party’s actual target might not be him, he was being used as a part of the process.

Yan Di too frowned.

“No matter,” Yan Zhaoge suddenly laughed after pondering for a bit, “We can all just take what we need. Most importantly, let us see who will still be laughing at the end.”

“He wishes to borrow your hand, mother, to sweep the Exalted Fire Luminary into this. There must surely be a reason for this. If we can understand where the problem lies, there might still be room for us to manoeuvre.”

Xue Chuqing said slowly, “The greatest possibility still lies with the ideological split in the World beyond Worlds from back then.”

As there was only a single disciple per generation and their predicament was perilous, descendants of the Bright Connection Emperor’s lineage would often unreservedly transmit all they knew to their disciples lest the knowledge be lost for good.

Therefore, Xue Chuqing knew of many secrets which others were not privy to.

“The most initial World beyond Worlds experienced much bloodshed and dark times before things gradually stabilised,” Xue Chuqing said, “Even then, there was still an ideological split between the bigwigs at the top till irreconcilable differences ultimately appeared and they split apart.”

“Some left while others remained. Those who remained ultimately solidified the World beyond Worlds’ current state which has persisted till today.”

Here, Xue Chuqing suddenly halted.

“I already know of the matters regarding Buddhism, the Immortal Court and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord,” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

Hearing this, Xue Chuqing’s expression instantly changed greatly, “You have yet to reach the Human Exalt stage…”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hands dismissively, “Relax, I’m fine. Just as you are unaffected due to the half of the River Diagram that you possess, I too have my ways.”

“While the Dim Radiant Emperor’s Dim Radiant Wheel remains uncompleted, I carefully analysed the concept of peerless infinity within such that with the help of the treasure, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord cannot plant a seed within me.”

Hearing this, Xue Chuqing’s expression eased greatly though she still looked somewhat worried.

“So what were you saying regarding the World beyond Worlds?” Yan Zhaoge changed the topic.

Xue Chuqing gazed deeply at him before exhaling slowly.

“Since you already know about it, I can speak freely then,” She said slowly, “The Grand Clear direct lineage is rare as the new Kunlun Nine Luminaries who established the World beyond Worlds were all of the Jade Clear direct lineage.”

“Still, there were divisions amongst them which became irreconcilable in the end, leading to them ultimately splitting up.”

“One faction preferred stable development and accumulation as we silently await the chance to lead our orthodox Daoism back to its former glory.”

“The other was radical in comparison as they believed that even as we accumulate our strength, there is still a need for us to hinder the development of the external dao’s Immortal Court.”

Xue Chuqing said, “The Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns are obviously under the former. The Astro Sovereign who later stayed in the World beyond Worlds as well held a relatively neutral stance.”

“As for the latter faction, it consisted of the Exalted Solar Luminary, the Exalted Lunar Luminary as well as my Great Grand Master.”

“Father-in-law and the Exalted Rahu Luminary need not be mentioned as they died rather early. The Exalted Fire Luminary was neutral just like the Astro Sovereign,” Xue Chuqing paused momentarily before saying, “According to Grand Master, rather than saying that the Exalted Fire Luminary was neutral on the subject, it is more like he did not have a definite stance.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Xue Chuqing, “Wait a moment, mother. If the Exalted Wood Luminary was of the radical faction, the lineage of the Bright Connection Emperor that you are from…”

“We deliberately concealed it, of course, and lay low over here,” Xue Chuqing said matter-of-factly.

Yan Zhaoge’s face twitched slightly, “Yes, a very successful undercover job. Even the Dim Radiant Emperor was dragged into this…”

Xue Chuqing said solemnly, “May the sacrifice of the Dim Radiant Emperor never be forgotten. These merits of his should be remembered by all disciples of orthodox Daoism.”

“So the rumours were true?” Yan Zhaoge immediately turned solemn too, “What exactly does that Heavenly Essence Stone do?”

Xue Chuqing said slowly, “If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord obtains the completely Heavenly Essence Stone, he will be able to easily illuminate and convert all of our orthodox Daoism. Even Immortals will have seals embedded within their souls when they hear of his name. So long as the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord is willing, just a single thought would be sufficient to turn us all into his believers!”

Yan Zhaoge tapped on his forehead as countless thoughts flashed through his mind.

There had not been any information regarding the Heavenly Essence Stone amongst the records of the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

Was it that this had only appeared after the Great Calamity or were its origins even more obscure and mysterious than he thought?

“Mother, where exactly is that Heavenly Essence Stone fragment now?” Yan Zhaoge asked, “Is it really in your possession?”

Xue Chuqing shook her head, “It once was, but no longer.”

She pointedly scanned the surrounding heavens and earth with her gaze, “Now, it is everywhere.”

“So junior apprentice-sister Sikong and the others are really…”

“So junior apprentice-niece Sikong and the others are really…”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di realised what this entailed at once.

“It looks like a child amongst them entered Broad Creed Mountain? You have also interacted with more than a single one?” Xue Chuqing nodded, “Yes, that’s right. It is exactly as you are guessing.”

Yan Di said slowly, “In that case, the World beyond Worlds also benefited from the Dim Radiant Emperor’s actions.”

“The Earthly Sovereign and the others may well be aware of this,” Xue Chuqing sighed, “Even so, they cannot admit it lightly on the surface. Maybe only time can return justice to the Dim Radiant Emperor and Grand Master.”

“What exactly are the origins of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord?” Yan Di asked in a heavy tone, “Since when did Daoism produce such a figure?”

Xue Chuqing shook her head slowly, “No one knows exactly how this came about, but it is definite that he was once one of Daoism’s Heavenly Lords!”

“Otherwise, even with the Heavenly Essence Stone, it would be impossible for him to illuminate us descendants of orthodox Daoism so easily.”

Yan Zhaoge gazed into the skies, “Heavenly Lord…is it?”

Heavenly Lord here was more of a title rather than referring to a cultivation realm.

The three Heavenly Lords who were the founders of the Three Clear lineages were naturally incomparable to the likes of the Broad Accomplishment Heavenly Lord and the (Heavenly) Lord of Plentiful Treasure.

As for the legendary Daoist Suppressing Land, Primordial Suppressing Immortal and the Four Imperials of Daoism etcetera, no one would doubt their strength despite ‘Heavenly Lord’ being absent from their titles.

Not all peak experts would be called Heavenly Lords.

Still, all experts who had the title of Heavenly Lord would be extraordinary.

“Since he is able to fight toe-to-toe with the Future Buddha, he must have advanced atop his original foundation?” Yan Zhaoge murmured, “But if he has advanced his cultivation base, doesn’t it mean…”

He rubbed his temples, “How many of Daoism’s peak figures made it through the Great Calamity? One of these limited few people who also has the ability to achieve this-that narrows it further.”

“Still, most of Daoism’s bigwigs vanished as whether they are dead or alive is unknown. Thus, it is difficult to guess which of them the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was,” Xue Chuqing said, “As for those who can we know for sure are still alive, I am aware of three of them.”