Chapter 1162 - Counterplan

HSSB1162: Counterplan

Yan Zhaoge and Xue Chuqing were both slightly dazed for a time as they stared at each other.

Before they met, one would really never guess that mother and son might actually use the same method to dispel the awkwardness.

This tacit bit of coordination on their part had instead left the two feeling even more awkward now.

Still, this miraculously eased a moment later, warmth filling their eyes as they looked at each other.

Of course, Yan Di’s laughter was even more piercing to the ear.

Yan Zhaoge looked somewhat speechlessly at Yan Di.

His father being like this-it was really rarer than a solar eclipse.

Xue Chuqing shot Yan Di a rather dissatisfied look.

Actually laughing at her like that in front of her son-this really!

Beneath the gazes of mother and son, Yan Di instead started laughing even more loudly.

He had not felt so happy for a long, long time.

Yan Zhaoge and Xue Chuqing could not help but shake their heads and smile too.

While there was still some awkwardness between them, it had finally eased somewhat.

They did not continue with their family talk as they simply continued with that earlier topic.

“If possible, I do not intend to go the Roving Jade Heavens,” Yan Zhaoge first expressed his stance, “While we would be safe that way, the pressure would basically fall onto senior apprentice-uncle Yue and Jade Capital Crag instead. Pressured simultaneously by both the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns, senior apprentice-uncle Yue would be in a tough spot.”

Yan Di retracted his smile, saying solemnly, “That’s right.”

“It is not without reason that I have never been to the Roving Jade Heavens all these years,” Xue Chuqing forced a smile, “The enmity between Grand Master and the Roving Jade Heavens ran quite deep.”

Next, she suddenly glanced at Yan Di with a rather conflicted look on her face.

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both tacitly averted their gazes.

They too had previously thought of the matter of seniority brought about by the Exalted Gold Luminary and the Exalted Wood Luminary.

Therefore, it was still best to feign obliviousness on this matter…

“The Concealed Sovereign is close with the Earthly Sovereign as senior apprentice-uncle Yue is hard pressed to maintain his position alone,” Yan Zhaoge coughed before continuing with a solemn look on his face, “We must find someone who can help senior apprentice-uncle Yue to bear this burden.”

Yan Di’s gaze flickered slightly as he exclaimed, “…The Astro Sovereign!”

“That’s right,” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “It is said that the Astro Sovereign and grandfather were on great terms. If we can find him, the pressure on senior apprentice-uncle Yue will be diminished greatly.”

“It is just that our clues are currently limited as we have no way of getting in touch with the Astro Sovereign. Though I suspect that he is in the World beyond Worlds, no news having been heard of him for so many years, it should still not be easy to find him.”

Yan Zhaoge pondered, “There is no way of knowing if senior apprentice-uncle Yue or the Earthly Sovereign will be first to return. Therefore, we cannot simply wait and do nothing. If it becomes necessary, we will have to look for the Female Emperor.”

“While her relationship with that Senior Chu may be bad, as this matter is related to the Astro Sovereign, the Female Emperor will definitely be concerned with it. We should be able to obtain some clues at the very least.”

Hearing this, Xue Chuqing inquired, “What makes you think that the Astro Sovereign is presently in the World beyond Worlds?”

Yan Zhaoge told her about the matter concerning Chu Lili.

“I see…” Xue Chuqing pondered for a moment before she said, “In that case, I think that we should make a trip to the northern Profound Heaven Territory. The Northern Exalt may know some things.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were both taken aback by this.

“I am unaware of the Astro Sovereign’s situation and also do not know much about that Senior Chu. Still, Master did once mention her name when conversing with me,” Xue Chuqing explained.

Yan Zhaoge was intrigued, “What did she say?”

Even Wang Pu and the others of Yue Zhenbei’s lineage did not know much about Chu Lili’s situation.

“That Senior Chu seemed to be related to the devilish dao and the Nine Underworlds,” Xue Chuqing said solemnly.

“Nine Underworlds?” Yan Zhaoge frowned slightly.

Thinking back on his previous meeting with Chu Lili now, he was rather taken aback as he had never sensed anything abnormal at the time.

Xue Chuqing said, “While I cannot say for sure, this is a potential clue. The Astro Sovereign vanished rather suddenly back then in an abnormal manner. There is surely a reason for this.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di both nodded slowly.

It was also evident why Xue Chuqing had proposed looking for the Northern Exalt.

Dimensional passageways often appeared that led from the northern Profound Heaven Territory to lands of tranquil stream as it was the frontline of the World beyond Worlds with regard to the Nine Underworlds. One of the Northern Exalt’s duties was to watch over these dimensional passageways that would appear unstably from time to time.

If this matter concerning the Astro Sovereign and Chu Lili was related to the Nine Underworlds, the place where the Astro Sovereign could most likely be found was not Kunlun Mountain in the central Jun Heaven Territory but the northern Profound Heaven Territory.

“Whether we can find the Astro Sovereign is still uncertain,” Yan Zhaoge rubbed his temples, “Even if we do manage to find him, the Astro Sovereign may not aid us for sure.”

It was not that the Astro Sovereign might be unwilling to help.

Rather than that, there was most likely some unique reason that had caused his disappearance back then.

If he was being held back by something and was unable to extricate himself, he might not have the ability to help them then.

Yan Di said slowly, “There is also one potential problem that we have to consider.”

“The possibility of the Earthly or Concealed Sovereign making a breakthrough,” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze flickered.

Unlike the Sword Sovereign Yue Zhenbei who had risen to prominence relatively later, the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns had both been Sovereigns for several thousands of years, having long since come to stand at the peak of their current cultivation realms.

Who knew when they might successfully achieve a breakthrough?

“Therefore, we have to make other plans too. The correct way is to have multiple ways at once.”

Yan Zhaoge snuck a peek at Xue Chuqing as he said this.

Understanding his meaning, Xue Chuqing shook her head, “No need to look at me like that. I am unclear on Great Grand Master’s whereabouts too.”

The Great Grand Master that she spoke of was naturally the Exalted Wood Luminary of the Kunlun Nine Luminaries from back then.

“What about the Bright Connection Emperor then?” Yan Zhaoge asked.

While the Bright Connection Emperor might not be able to help bear the pressure of the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns, if she knew of the whereabouts of her Master, the Exalted Wood Luminary, it would really be a wonderful thing.

“Grand Master has already passed away,” Xue Chuqing sighed.

“Oh…sorry,” Yan Zhaoge forced a smile.

Xue Chuqing shook her head, “No matter.”

She slowly said, “It is not that there is nothing else we can do at all, though. While Great Grand Master’s situation is unclear, we could attempt to contact someone else.”

“It is just that there is no way of guaranteeing if they will respond after receiving this message.”

“Also…” Xue Chuqing paused momentarily before saying, “I have some reservations regarding contacting this person.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di were both intrigued by this, “Why do you say that?”

“Firstly, the other party has already long since left the World beyond Worlds, being amidst the endless extradimensional space. We do not know where or how far away he is and he has left no items behind as well. Normal methods wouldn’t work,” Xue Chuqing said, “We would need a special way to contact him.”

“This method was not passed down through my lineage as it was obtained from another source. Having analysed it in private, I feel that it is not so simple.”

Xue Chuqing explained, “In having roamed the various lands all these years, I have actually been making preparations for this. It is just that my progress has been limited due to some restrictions.”

“By connecting the places you have previously been at, something special can be observed…” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes lit up, “Because the false trails you left behind are far too many, it is very difficult to identify the actual locations, so I am currently still unable to tell what exactly you are setting up. So there is really something unique here?”