Chapter 1166 - Joy And Tragedy

HSSB1166: Joy and tragedy

“Not much,” Xue Chuqing replied, “The limited information that I know of was told to me by Master when she was still alive. What she knew should also have originated from Grand Master and Great Grand Master in turn.”

“Those who witnessed the event are virtually all no longer here now. All I know is that it was probably related to Buddhism and is likely the result of a competition between Buddhism and Daoism in pre-Great Calamity times.”

“As for the specifics, there are probably only the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor who know more about it.”

Hearing this, Yan Zhaoge silently nodded.

Within his mind again surfaced the image of that massive palm that had descended upon the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace on the eve of the Great Calamity.

“Right, mother, with that half of the River Diagram, can you seek out someone deep in the Nine Underworlds?” Yan Zhaoge snapped out of it and asked.

“It is pretty difficult. After all, the Nine Underworlds is different from the human realm we are in,” Xue Chuqing said, “Still, it depends on the specific situation. If the person in question has not fallen to the dark side and has a relatively low cultivation base, I might still be able to discover some clues.”

Yan Zhaoge now narrated Feng Yunsheng’s incident which surprised Xue Chuqing, “The Exalted Rahu Luminary really is extraordinary.”

Then, her gaze that was on Yan Zhaoge turned even more complex.

So many years having passed, upon their reunion now, her son actually nearly had a wife already…

Still, she quickly shook off this mood of hers and turned serious once more.

“The mechanisms of the Exalted Rahu Luminary are hard to trace,” Light flickered slightly within Xue Chuqing’s left pupil as she said solemnly after some time, “Without any definite clues to help me, I too am helpless. That is the Nine Underworlds, after all.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded. He too knew that it was a bit too much to ask for. Still, he was not willing to give up on any possibility.

Xue Chuqing glanced rather worriedly at Yan Zhaoge.

She was unfamiliar with Feng Yunsheng, instead having heard quite a bit about the Exalted Rahu Luminary Jian Shunhua.

She did not think very well of Feng Yunsheng’s chances as she fought for dominance with such a figure.

“It is unknown when the Concealed Sovereign will emerge from seclusion as well as whether the Earthly Sovereign or senior apprentice-uncle Yue will be first to return to the World beyond Worlds,” Yan Zhaoge instead laughed, “There is no need to think so far ahead. We should concentrate on the matters at hand.”

“I will sort out some affairs at the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion before heading to the northern Profound Heaven Territory to try looking for the Astro Sovereign.”

“Father, you should complete the foundation of the Area Latitude Formation along with mother. Such a big formation will require much effort even overtly, and now that the two of you are finally reunited, I am sure you would like to happily spend alone time with each other.”

Yan Di and Xue Chuqing did not say much else to Yan Zhaoge’s teasing.

While they were reunited now, Feng Yunsheng’s whereabouts were still unknown.

Any consolatory words now would just be useless, only serving to add on to the melancholy.

“As things now are not so peaceful, we should handle the important things first. We can slowly catch up afterwards. Be careful in your trip north,” Xue Chuqing said in a gentle tone.

Yan Zhaoge smiled and nodded, “I will.”

Yan Di now laughed mildly, “With the death of Daoist Oneheaven, our lineage should simply occupy the eastern Vast Heaven Territory. With that, it will actually be fitting with Broad Creed Mountain’s name of Daoism’s East Peak.”

He had an unbridled, domineering personality in the first place. Now that he had found Xue Chuqing and been freed of his worries, his sharpness was showing through even more.

“A great idea!” Yan Zhaoge rubbed his palms in glee.

Despite the pressure brought about by the Earthly and Concealed Sovereigns, Yan Zhaoge’s and Yan Di’s arrogance had not diminished in the least as they were instead filled with fighting spirit.

“Whether we establish contact with the Astro Sovereign or the Exalted Fire Luminary, both are just strategies we have,” Yan Di said, “Most important is still the raising of our own strength like it has always been. You have always done very well in this area, Zhaoge, so I will not say more about it.”

“Just like your mother, all I ask for is that you be careful and stay safe.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Rather than relying on others, it is always best if we can depend on ourselves. I naturally understand this principle.”

If he had not gathered the required materials and forged the Seven Paths Centred Mechanisms, with his and Yan Di’s cultivation bases thus rising swiftly in a mere few years, things today would probably have ended very differently.

The Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng and co had wished to covertly kill Xue Chuqing without alerting Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

As the two of them had been paying attention to Xue Chuqing’s whereabouts too, it would have been difficult for Wang Zhengcheng’s lot to succeed by simply acting covertly.

It would not be easy to find Xue Chuqing as quite a disturbance would surely arise as a result.

Therefore, Wang Zhengcheng had needed to find helpers to distract them in the meantime.

For him, a better plan might have been to concentrate his forces in encircling the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion.

With that, Yan Di and Nie Jingshen would have been lured over there as well, the two sides entering a standoff or even battling in the central Jun Heaven Territory.

This would make it seem as though the cause of the incident was that Qilin Cliff was dissatisfied with how the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion had raised Jade Capital Crag’s reputation and influence.

This would provide cover for Daoist Oneheaven, the one charged with apprehending Xue Chuqing.

Sadly for them, the Heaven Emperor would not have participated unless it meant going to the Royal Reed Sea to obtain the Later Earth Text.

While it was true that he had enmity with Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, rather than that, it was the Later Earth Text that was more important to him.

If he did not obtain the Later Earth Text, Xue Chuqing’s matter was just of no real concern to him.

The enmity between him and Yan Zhaoge had not reached the point where they would harm the other side even if it brought no benefit to themselves.

The Heavenly Emperor ultimately still wished to profit, with that being his foremost concern.

With that, Wang Zhengcheng could only launch an independent operation as they split up in respectively obstructing Yan Zhaoge and the others.

This had made it easier for Yan Zhaoge to detect the abnormalities, discovering his true goal.

But even then, Wang Zhengcheng had still lined things up in a very well-thought out manner.

The Female Emperor and white-clothed Brocade Emperor were unable to make it, the Encompassing Emperor was neutral, the Heaven Emperor to the Royal Reed Sea, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor to the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion and Wang Zhengcheng himself staying as the reserve power along with the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram. Additionally, there was also the Upper Exalt Chen Qianhua who could make a move at any time.

He had even deployed someone to hinder and delay the Origin Opening Sword from being taken out at Jade Capital Crag.

It could be said that if Yan Zhaoge had still been an eighth level Martial Saint and Yan Di a ninth level Martial Saint, Wang Zhengcheng’s plan would at least most likely have succeeded.

Wang Zhengcheng had also taken into account the rapid rate at which Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di raised their cultivation bases.

Still, that Yan Zhaoge would actually reproduce the Seven Paths Centred Mechanism had surpassed his expectations, this being a long-lost relic.

This had caused their cultivation speed to be boosted even further, again far surpassing everyone’s predictions.

And so, Yan Zhaoge’s family of three had reunited after a long time, happy, harmonious and joyful.

In the meantime, things had ended in tragedy for the remainder like Wang Zhengcheng, the black-clothed Brocade Emperor, the Heaven Emperor and Chen Qianhua.

“Xiao Ai is currently in Yuanzhou City in the central Jun Heaven Territory. She will definitely be overjoyed when she hears you are back,” Yan Zhaoge smiled, telling Xue Chuqing, “That aside, Auntie Yun in the Floating Life World also really misses you.”

The ‘Auntie Yun’ whom Yan Zhaoge spoke of naturally referred to Xue Chuqing’s former attendant in the Floating Life World, Su Yun.

“After things have settled down over here, I will naturally go to see Yun’er. She is a thoughtful child who treasures relationships greatly,” Xue Chuqing said with a gentle gaze, “Since Xiao Ai is in the World beyond Worlds, it will be convenient to see her then.”