Chapter 1170 - Barge In Kunlun Mountain

Chapter 1170: Barge in Kunlun Mountain

Translator: DragonRider

The Heaven Emperor traveled far to the Royal Reed Sea in Southeastern Yang Heaven Territory, tending to seek the Later Earth Text hidden there.

Unexpectedly, he was blocked by Nie Jingshen.

Then came the news that Yan Zhaoge and his father had defeated consecutively the Brocade Emperor in Black, Chen Qianhua, Wang Zhengcheng, etc.

Especially when the Heaven Emperor learned that Yan Di had killed Daoist Oneheaven, the Eastern Exalt, and Yan Zhaoge killed Wang Zhengcheng, the Earthly Exalt, he knew it was impossible to get it.

He had expected that Nie Jingshen would be distracted by Wang Zhengcheng and Chen Qianhua et al.

In the end, Nie Jingshen was still there, firmly, while he was going to fall apart.

Nie Jingshen, of course, couldn’t do anything to him. Once Yan Zhaoge returned to the Southeastern Yang Heaven Territory with the Origin Opening Sword, he couldn’t be safe anymore.

So again, he came with hope, knowing that the Later Earth Text was ahead of him, but had to return disappointed with empty hands.

Where the Heaven Emperor had gone after he left the Royal Reed Sea was unknown to Yan Zhaoge.

But it didn’t stop Yan Zhaoge to pop in for fighting.

With one move of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, he directly struck the Heaven Emperor’s dojo, the Illusory Coming Peak.

At the same time, light flashed over the Illusory Coming Peak.

The dull yellow light revealed beams of pure glow, solid but alive.

Light and shade were changing before Yan Zhaoge, as if there was a solid land, which was comparable to the scene when Wang Zhengcheng, the Earthly Exalt, opened the Yin Yang Earth Mountain River Diagram.

A towering tree appeared on the ground, and swayed its branches to cover the dome and hold up the sky.

Yan Zhaoge’s palm rested on the canopy of the big tree.

With a roar, all the branches and leaves of the big tree, which looked like a pillar reaching to the sky, were suddenly bent together, and even the straight and thick trunks were trembling.

“How are you, your Majesty. I’ve said in the Royal Reed Sea that one day even if I don’t cultivate immortality, you can do nothing to me.”

Yan Zhaoge stood in mid-air. The old tree, though thick like a sky-propping pillar, looked like a fragile grass under his palm.

“Now I’m keeping my word. Your Majesty, don’t you wanna check it for yourself?”

His palm was pressing downward; the big tree was gradually bent down.

Suddenly, the earth trembled around the Illusory Coming Peak.

Light streams flowed through the ground one after another, building complicated and metaphysical formation lines.

Centered on the Illusory Coming Peak, air pillars from four directions broke out of the earth and shot up into the sky, like a fountain rising from the ground.

The four air pillars showed respectively colors of cyan, red, white and black.

The cyan pillar was active, revealing endless energy of life.

The red one was hot like blazing fire, freely displaying the essence of fire.

The white one was sharp, piercing the sky with hard-edged image of golden iron.

The black one was vigorous and huge, gathering endless expanse of rivers in one track.

Rising with the four air pillars was the Illusory Coming Peak itself.

Ochre-yellow smokes spiraled up like yellow dragons, circling around the Illusory Coming Peak, making the earth look more solid and thick.

The power of the five elements worked together; four large and one small formation lines circled in the air to form five light circles, occupying all cardinal points and the center.

With the help of the large formation, the towering tree, which was nearly bent by Yan Zhaoge’s palm, began to come alive gain, and gradually withstood his palm and stop falling.

Looking gleefully at the formation, the guardian of the Illusory Coming Peak, Yan Zhaoge highly praised, “Just with a glimpse of your formation in the Royal Reed Sea, I had known your attainment was outstanding. Furthermore, your large formation today is enough to prove that reputations never get their fame for nothing.”

“However, my cultivation level now is not the same as it was in the past.”

He shook his head sadly, “Unfortunately, we can’t compete on formation changing face to face.”

Wang Pu watched him far away, “Though the Upper Exalt broke through the gate of the Brocade Emperor on the Ingenious Flying Peak, and Zhaoge is strong enough, the Illusory Coming Peak is still different from the Ingenious Flying Peak.”

“The Heaven Emperor has always been known for his formation, and his accomplishments for it probably rank the first among the five emperors in the World beyond Worlds.”

So, the guardian formation and restrictions over the Illusory Coming Peak were actually more powerful than the Ingenious Flying Peak.

If the Heaven Emperor defended the mountain gate himself, and with the advantage of geography, even he had no fairy soldiers, he could keep out other fairy emperors armed with soldiers.

In the entire Kunlun Mountain, the geographical advantage of the Illusory Coming Peak was probably second only to the Three Emperors Cave.

“But it seems that the Heaven Emperor is not there….” With his hand on the shelter, A’hu looked out at the Illusory Coming Peak, which was trying to stop Yan Zhaoge.

He scratched his head, and then took a tumble, “Is it possible that he fears the Master, the Childe and Southern Exalt Nie will come together? Adding the Origin Opening Sword, he may have nowhere to run.”

“Though he is not here, the Illusory Coming Peak, unlike the Ingenious Flying Peak, is powerful enough to run the formation on its own,” Wang Pu looked down at his sword, and smiled sadly, “You had killed the Earthly Exalt with it; are you gonna use it to break up the Illusory Coming Peak today?”

“Don’t worry, Mr. Wang,” Tiger giggled, “If the Heaven Emperor is not here, my Childe won’t borrow your Origin Opening Sword.”

“As for the formation here….”

Before A’hu had even finished his words, Wang’s eyes opened wide.

Yan Zhaoge pushed his palm downward, quelling the changes of Five Elements below.

He cast a spell, while his right palm keeping the gesture of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, holding the formation down.

Then, his index and middle fingers of left hand paralleled like a sword, piercing in the air.

A turtle entwined together with a snake, and Yin and Yang were folded, revealing the image of Xuanwu.

Then appeared the Xuanwu Bloodshed, a storm of fierce sword beams fell on the formation guarding the Illusory Coming Peak.

A Taoist showed up on the Illusory Coming Peak, and fumed hatefully, “Yan Zhaoge, don’t push me too far! How dare you barge in in Kunlun Mountain?”

“Your Master have visited the Royal Reed Sea twice; I only came here for the first time today. How can you say that?” Yan Zhaoge smiled, and suddenly changed his sword gesture, “Whether I can play here is not clear, but you can’t do that.”

Following Slaying Xuanwu, he performed a move of Slaying Azure Dragon.

The target was the cyan air pillar, one of the five pillars supporting the large formation.

The large formation, which had been weakened by Slaying Xuanwu, was hit by another move, Slaying Azure Dragon.

The cyan air pillar represented wood phase among the five elements, the Qi of creatures, and its greatest fear was the martial arts such as Yan’s Slaying Azure Dragon.

The five elements circled in mutual generation sequence, and because of this the formation was hard to be restricted.

However, Yan Zhaoge also mastered the changes of the formation. His swordsmanship was not a storm all the time, but full of variables, and he intended to attack the weakness of the Illusory Coming Peak.

Slaying Xuanwu and Slaying Azure Dragon interacted with each other, attacking the opponent with blade flurry.

After all, the person taking charge of the formation wasn’t the Heaven Emperor. Even he tried his best to change the formation, how could he be faster than Yan Zhaoge?

The more they fought with each other, the better Yan Zhaoge knew about the formation.

As time went on, the change of formation on the Illusory Coming Peak finally failed to follow the speed of Yan Zhaoge’s sword.

At first, with a raging move of Slaying Azure Dragon, the cyan air pillar was cut off.

The running of five elements was broken, resulting in losing of the overall power of formation.

With another Slaying Xuanwu, Yan Zhaoge cut the rest four pillars.

Finally, his right hand that had been suppressing the formation from above, slammed down.

The large formation guarding the Illusory Coming Peak was completely collapsed.