Chapter 1172: The Leakless True Immortal Versus The Tranquil Profound Immortal

Chapter 1172: The Leakless True Immortal versus the Tranquil Profound Immortal

Translator: DragonRider

[Hi all, I tried my best to stay consistent with the terms of  previous chapters but still, I might have skipped some. If any loopholes  or errors occur, please do not hesitate to leave a comment and I’ll try  my best to do some editing to improve the chapter. Many thanks.]

**************

Indeed, with years of martial arts practice with Yan Zhaoge, Ah Hu’s  horizon and experience had way surpassed the peer martial practitioners.

He frowned for a moment and tentatively asked after some ponderation,  “Being Leakless means difficult to be hurt and Tranquil undisturbed?”

“Yes, the state of being Leakless is hard to be injured, and Tranquil  unbothered.” Wang Pu said with a sigh, “Here, Tranquil means that all  existence on earth won’t bother him at all.”

Ah Hu scratched his head, saying “Does it mean a Profound Immortal wouldn’t be bothered by either attack or defence in fight?”

“That’s right.” Yan Zhaoge shrugged and said, “Although Martial Saint  can’t hurt True Immortal during the fight, he can dissolve the attack  and even unravel the movements of a True Immortal.”

“In this situation, if Martial Saint takes the extreme advantage of  his strength that surpasses too much of the True Immortal, then he may  own a chance to defeat True Immortal.”

Seeing Wang Pu with a desperate expression, Yan Zhaoge said with a  smile, “Come on, at any rate, no one can make it, but at least, there is  a chance.”

“So, frequently, we say that when a True Immortal comes down to the mortal world, he is invincible, but not every time.”

“Whereas, if it’s the profound immortal, then he will be invincible for sure.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hand and continued, “Because a Martial Saint  can’t hurt a Profound Immortal, and strictly speaking, he can’t even  touch a Profound Immortal. On the contrary, no matter how good your  defence is, a Profound Immortal can effortlessly crush it with even a  whistle.”

“As explained by the phrase that Leakless True Immortal won’t get  hurt by mortals, and Tranquil Profound Immortal won’t be bothered.”

Ah Hu thought to himself and said, “That’s what the ‘Tranquil’ means…”

“Yes, as I mentioned before.” Yan Zhaoge laughed and said, “Let’s say  there is a Martial Saint with extreme strength that overwhelms that of a  True Immortal, but if fighting against the same Profound Immortal, then  he may be knocked down in an instant and act even poorer than the True  Immortal who, at least, has a chance to fight back.”

“Sounds confusing and abnormal? But this is the basic principle of  the world that if one cannot detach himself from it, then he must obey  the rule in it.” Yan Zhaoge said, spreading out his palms, “In most  people’s opinion, it’s indeed unusual for a Martial Saint to defeat a  True Immortal.”

Wang Pu dryly coughed a few times, and Ah Hu fatuously smiled.

“Well, it sounds like I’m blowing my own trumpet” Yan Zhaoge pursed  up his lips, saying, “Moreover, some True Immortals and emperors are  powerful, and some are not.”

“A True Immortal with extreme strength that way surpasses peers may  have a chance against Profound Immortals. Although he can’t hurt the  Profound Immortal, he is not like the Martial Saint helplessly fighting  with a Profound Immortal with desperation.”

Yan Zhaoge continued with a smile, “Still, it won’t be easy. The case  is even rarer than that between a Martial Saint and a True Immortal  throughout history. After all, among the Profound Immortals, is there a  normal one?”

The higher the realm of cultivation, the rarer the level-skipping challenges.

In the end, there were no such cases.

Just then, Wang Pu looked at Ah Hu and sighed, “So, as I just said,  even though we have Origin Opening Sword, we can’t break into Qinlin  Cliff. Since Origin Opening Sword is an Immortal Artifact of the  Leakless Level, it can’t hurt Profound Immortals. However, as the  Earthly Sovereign is not at Qi Lin Cliff at present, if there is an  emperor to wield the Origin Opening Sword, we can possibly breach the Qi  Lin Cliff even without the Sword, just as Young Brother Yan did at  Illusory Coming Peak and Chen Shangfang did to Ingenious Flying Peak.”

“However, Martial Saint can’t breach the gate of the Profound  Immortal’s monastery by activating the Leakless Immortal Artifact. After  all, he can’t fully activate the Immortal Artifact as he is two levels  away from the Profound Immortal.” He added.

Ah Hu scratched his head and asked, “Then there must be some reasons for that.”

“The reason is that it is not easy to become Profound Immortal.” Yan  Zhaoge chuckled. “After pushing open the door of Immortality, one has to  go through tribulation to move to the next level, and once he fails, he  will be dead with his cultivation all gone.”

It was because of this that every leveling up would bring the  cultivator to a new level, which was as difficult as Martial Saint’s  entering into the immortal realm.

Therefore, Wang Pu put it as a double chasm lying between the two.

“Martial Saint’s entering into immortal realm is called Immortal  Mortal Tribulation.” Yan Zhaoge said, “There’s also the Boundless  Tribulation or Pure Profound Tribulation from True Immortal Realm to  Profound Immortal Realm, and the consequence of failing to overcome it  will be the same as that of failing Immortal Mortal Tribulation, dead  and vanished into nothingness.”

“If Profound Immortal wants to seek further power, he also needs to  suffer the tribulations.” Yan Zhaoge explained, “This has something to  do with cultivation. Ah Hu, since you are far from the Immortal Realm at  present, I didn’t even mention it that we martial practitioners  cultivate the True Essence, and the masters of Immortal Realm take in  the Immortal Qi.”

“Immortal Qi is the name in generalities, and technically, the immortal owns five Qis which are also called the Five Trueness.”

“The Five Qis, namely Righteous Qi, Changing Qi, Bright Qi, Evil Qi  and Clear Qi are all called the Immortal Qi. However, they’re  different.”

“For Righteous Qi, the so-called righteousness is not equal to  justice or fairness, and Righteous Qi is unshakable and in a stable  state, showing that the world of creation is unchangeable.

Changing Qi is on the opposite side of Righteous Qi, formless,  flexible and endless, reflecting the evolving history of the world of  creation.

Time brings many changes, and overall, the whole universe is undergoing constant changes with rapid development.

If there is no Righteous Qi to maintain the balance and rhythm  between Changing Qi and itself, then the world of creation will soon be  in chaos, fallen apart and broken halfway.

Bright Qi is full of brilliance, kindness and positiveness, which represents a world of prosperity and beautifulness.

Whether the Qi is shifted from stability to change, or vice versa, as  long as it positively develops, then it belongs to the Bright Qi.

Evil Qi brings killing and catastrophe. It represents the dark side, the destruction of the world of Creation.

Evil Qi, the opposite of Bright Qi, doesn’t focus on change or  stability but on the effect left by them, unravelling the dark side of  the world.

If the Evil Qi prevails, the world will fall into incessant disasters and endless calamities.

Clear Qi exists between changes and stability and between right and  wrong. It is the basis of the world, connecting everything and adjusting  the four other Qis.”

“We practitioners of Martial Saint Realm and the lower level realms  can also absorb the Immortal Qi, which is of benefits to our  cultivation. However, we must take it in moderation. Otherwise, our body  can’t handle that.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “Anyone successfully going through the Immortal  Mortal Tribulation, pushing open the door of Immortality can transform  all his true essence into the Immortal Qi.”

“With true essence transformed into immortal Qi and it running  through the body, the True Immortals won’t get hurt by any true essence  of martial practitioners. It is what we called the Leakless.”

“Nevertheless, the Qi a True Immortal owns is only one of the five immortal Qis, and it is different from person to person.”

Yan Zhaoge lifted one finger and then another as he continued the  explanation, “If the True Immortals cultivate their body with the second  immortal Qi and overcome the following Pure Profound Tribulation, they  can combine the two Qis and transform the immortal Qi into Immortal  Gang.”