Chapter 1193 - Come After Concealed Sovereign

Chapter 1193: Come After Concealed Sovereign

Translator: DragonRider

Hearing Gao Xuebo’s words, Yan Zhaoge flashed a cold expression in his eyes.

As the eldest son of Profound Sovereign and Spring Emperor who nearly lived in the same generation as Yue Zhenbei (Sword Sovereign) and Wang Zhengcheng (Earthly Exalt), Gao Xuebo had taken charge of most of the affairs of the Roving Jade Heavens for his parents. Thus, he was supposed to know more inside stories of many things.

What’s more, his special warning sounded really subtle.

The attitudes of all the sovereigns in the World beyond Worlds including Sword Sovereign and Astro Sovereign were pretty clear.

However, according to Gao Xuebo’s words, the ones that might get involved in Yan Zhaoge’s matters were not just Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign.

“Senior apprentice-uncle Gao, you mean…” Yan Zhaoge pointed to the above with his eyes squinted.

Gao Xuebo said slowly, “I have heard that from Great Grand Master before, but I can’t be so sure. You just have to be cautious.”

“Thanks for reminding me.” Yan Zhaoge nodded with a thoughtful look.

Then he asked, “I have been busy with looking for Astro Sovereign and never got any news from the outside. What is happening now in the Immortal Court? Also, has Earthly Sovereign come back to the World beyond Worlds?”

“Never heard of that.” Gao Xuebo also showed a confused expression on his face.

After all, it had been a long while since Wang Zhengcheng had been killed.

If Earthly Sovereign got back right after he had got that message, he should have already come back to the World beyond Worlds.

In the meantime, Wang Pu and his fellows also tried to contact Yue Zhenbei the moment Wang Zhengcheng had died.

However, before Yan Zhaoge returned to the World beyond Worlds, there was no sign of Yue Zhenbei coming back.

“It’s harder to ask information about the Immortal Court from the Roving Jade Heavens than from the World beyond Worlds.” Gao Xuebo shook his head, saying, “I’m not quite sure about what is happening there.”

As a matter of fact, the relationship between the Roving Jade Heavens and the Immortal Court was even tenser.

Most of time when the top experts of the Prime Clear lineage and the Immortal Court met each other, they would end up in a fight.

“I’ve heard unconfirmed news that the Immortal Court seemed to be in a mess. But I don’t know why.”

Hearing that, Yan Zhaoge got intrigued, “Really? Do they have disputes with the territory of the blessed land?”

Gao Xuebo said with discretion, “I can’t tell you more details now.”

“All right…” After thinking for a moment, Yan Zhaoge said to Gao Xuebo with her hands folded, “Since that’s the case, I’ll come to the World beyond Worlds next. I hope I could see his majesty Profound Sovereign and Spring Emperor.”

After bidding Gao Xuebo farewell, Yan Zhaoge came out from the Spirit Leaf Cave and saw Gao Qing.

She was in a panic right now. As she saw Yan Zhaoge, she came forward to him immediately and asked, “Little senior apprentice-uncle, little senior apprentice-uncle, have you already met my grandpa? Do you know what has happened to Granny Li?”

Seeing her being so fretful, Yan Zhaoge sighed secretly and nodded, saying, “I do.”

Then he comforted her, “Don’t worry. Nothing serious has happened to Senior Chu. It’s just she has to leave the Roving Jade Heavens.”

“Why?” Gao Qing felt a bit relieved then. However, her face was still covered with anxiety, “But she has been fine over these years.”

‘Maybe Chu Lili didn’t know it herself that the reason why she could leave the World beyond Worlds safely and manage to hide in the Roving Jade Heavens was because of someone’s deliberate guidance…” Yan Zhaoge thought that with meaningful look in his eyes.

When he looked at Gao Qing who was still worried, he sighed and comforted her. After that, he instructed her to look for Gao Xuebo. Then he left.

On his way to the World beyond Worlds, Yan Zhaoge kept pondering.

At last, he finally came back to the World beyond Worlds via a wound of the sky.

The moment he came back, as he made contacts with the people, Yan Zhaoge felt that the atmosphere in the World beyond Worlds was quite different from when he had been there.

Everyone in the World beyond Worlds had been panicky right after Yan Zhaoge had killed Wang Zhengcheng. The situation had been precarious at that time.

Moreover, as the people in the Broad Creed Mountain had migrated to the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory and corroborated their identity as the essential Daoism sect, the situation in the World beyond Worlds had become even more uncertain.

Most of the people were taking a wait-and-see attitude. They wanted to see how the Broad Creed Mountain would deal with the huge pressure which had been brought by Earthly Sovereign.

The people who knew about the relationship between Yan Zhaoge and the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion also felt insecure. As a result, the business of the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion had suffered a disastrous decline.

In a word, no one was optimistic about the future of the Broad Creed Mountain.

Although the Jade Capital Jag in the Northern High Peak of the Kunlun Mountain seemed to have the intention to support the Broad Creed Mountain no matter what.

However, Sword Sovereign still seemed to be weak under the pressure from Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign.

After all, Sword Sovereign hadn’t gained recognition as early as Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign.

Although Yan Zhaoge had tried his best to help Sword Sovereign to achieve a high prestige, Sword Sovereign was still in the phase of saving up his strength, unlike Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign who were the legendary ones who had created the World beyond Worlds.

If Concealed Sovereign hadn’t secluded himself and made no declarations, which left some suspense about the affairs, the public opinion would totally lean to one side.

However, something which had happened not long ago changed the whole situation in the World beyond Worlds.

One of the original three sovereigns besides Earthly Sovereign and Concealed Sovereign, the Astro Sovereign, had come back after going missing for years beyond everyone’s expectation.

Some young cultivators in low grade had even forgotten the existence of Astro Sovereign, but not the seniors.

They could never forget Chen Xuanzong, the Astro Sovereign, also known as the Exalted Water Luminary of the new Nine Luminaries of Kunlun.

Concealed Sovereign always kept a low key. Thus at the time when Astro Sovereign had been in the World beyond Worlds, he even had had a larger influence than Concealed Sovereign.

Maybe Sword Sovereign who was still active in this generation could give a much more direct and deeper influence in the ordinary times.

However, when his opponents were Concealed Sovereign and Earthly Sovereign whose seniority were higher than him, people tended to believe Astro Sovereign who lived in the same generation of the other two sovereigns.

Nowadays, only seldom people knew that Exalted Gold Luminary was a sworn friend to Exalted Water Luminary.

Astro Sovereign hadn’t come back to the Kunlun Mountain of the Central Jun Heaven Territory. Instead, he had chosen to stay in the Broad Creed Mountain of the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory. Therefore, everyone knew about which party he supported.

Like Sword Sovereign, he took a stand of the Broad Creed Mountain firmly!

In this way, the situation in the World beyond Worlds gradually became steady.

Meanwhile, the business of the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion was brought back to life.

Until now, the onlooking people hadn’t chosen a side yet. Most of them believed that the two parties were well-matched in strength and the situation had reached to some kind of balance at certain point. Maybe eventually the two parties might both reach a compromise and there would be no fight at all.

After Astro Sovereign had stopped for a rest in the Broad Creed Mountain for a while, he went to the Kunlun Mountain.

Instead of going to the Jade Sky Peak of the Eastern Exalt’s dao arena where he had lived, he went straight to the Restful Immortal Valley where Concealed Sovereign had secluded himself.

That was the most concerned thing in the World beyond Worlds now.

Everyone was dying to know about the result of Astro Sovereign’s visit.

Yan Zhaoge was the only one who guessed that Astro Sovereign came there only to blame Concealed Sovereign instead of having some peace talks.

“It’s about time. Astro Sovereign has to keep himself stable at first after he came back to the World beyond Worlds. But he must not wait to find the one that caused all the disasters after he suppressed the demon inside of him and got healed.” Yan Zhaoge murmured that while turning around to go straight to the Kunlun Mountains, “And it really is Concealed Sovereign that he is coming after.”