Chapter 1199 - The Essential Daoism Sect, The Broad Creed Mountain

Chapter 1199: The Essential Daoism Sect, the Broad Creed Mountain

Translator: DragonRider

If it was related to the Three Clear lineage, then Earthly Sovereign and Sword Sovereign would have no excuse for avoiding their duties to help. Otherwise others would assume them as people who took pleasure in other people’s misfortune.

And that was not something the people of the World beyond Worlds would do.

Although Sword Sovereign may be reluctant to help. However, under certain circumstances, he had to use different ways to deal with different situations. And now it seemed that he was in a kind of situation where he couldn’t get away.

The same thing might also happen to Earthly Sovereign.

Wang Zhengcheng’s death could give Earthly Sovereign a proper excuse to come back to the World beyond Worlds. And the Immortal Court couldn’t find fault in that.

Even so, Earthly Sovereign chose to lay the things with Wang Zhengcheng and the Broad Creed Mountain aside and stay in the outer space.

Thus it could be seen that something serious must have happened.

Maybe it was not something critical, but definitely troublesome.

Since Yan Zhaoge had no idea what was happening in the Immortal Court, he couldn’t make any more guesses.

However, it was still good news that Earthly Sovereign couldn’t get back to the World beyond Worlds for the moment.

That was an unexpectedly surprise.

Now that Concealed Sovereign had been stuck in the Restful Immortal Valley because of Astro Sovereign, Yan Zhaoge and the Broad Creed Mountain could do lots of things without restrictions.

Also, they got plenty of time to make plans.

Earthly Sovereign might come back with a new identity as the Heaven’s Lord Jiang. That was a rather awful news.

Although the pressure on the Broad Creed Mountain seemed to be reduced a lot, it didn’t mean the people there could live at ease.

A True Immortal would feel like being reborn when he or she passed the Pure Profound Tribulation and entered the Profound Immortal Realm

The same thing also happened when a Profound Immortal passed the Profound Origin Tribulation and entered the Origin Immortal Realm where five qis toward its origin.

Although it was not a completely certain thing that Earthly Sovereign would pass the Profound Origin Tribulation in a short period of time, the possibility still couldn’t be ignored, like Astro Sovereign had said.

Yan Zhaoge couldn’t reveal too many things about the Immortal Court to Wang Pu.

Wang Pu also sensed that vaguely. However, as a steady man, Wang Pu was never too curious about lots of things.

“I sent the letter to my master before Astro Sovereign came back. So he didn’t know about what happened to Astro Sovereign.” Wang Pu added, “After Astro Sovereign had come back, I tried to contact my master again and told him that news. However, I haven’t got a letter in reply.”

“His majesty Astro Sovereign might stay in the Restful Immortal Valley for a long time to block the door.” Yan Zhaoge told Wang Pu what had happened in the Restful Immortal Valley in brief.

He also mentioned about some of Concealed Sovereign’s deeds.

Wang Pu was shocked by what he had heard. It took him a long time to come back to his sense. He stammered, “This is… this…”

Then he gave out a wry smile and continued, “I have thought that the reason why my master had told me to keep an eye on what happened in the Restful Immortal Valley was only because Concealed Sovereign always supported Earthly Sovereign.”

“Now I know that my master was trying to tell me something else.”

Although Sword Sovereign might not have found some concrete clues like Astro Sovereign had, he wouldn’t see Concealed Sovereign as a man who was willing to live a simple life like others did.

“If Astro Sovereign hasn’t come back, we should pay attention to the Restful Immortal Valley indeed.” Yan Zhaoge said that with a smile on his face, “Though I have doubted that Concealed Sovereign was not a simple person and might have done something secretly, I still never realized that he had actually done so many things.”

“It’s like what the old saying goes, a biting dog…”

Before Yan Zhaoge could finish his sentence, he saw Wang Pu looking at him helplessly and saying, “Junior apprentice-brother Yan…”

Yan Zhaoge shrugged and changed the subject, “Anyway, we are a lot more relaxed than before since Astro Sovereign was back. But we still cannot put the weapons back in the arsenal.”

With the expression on Yan Zhaoge’s face turning serious, he said, “We should pay more attention to what will happen next.”

After bidding farewell to Wang Pu, Yan Zhaoge left the Jade Capital Crag and the Kunlun Mountain, then he headed to the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory.

In the middle of his journey, he got through the Central Jun Heaven Territory and passed the Yuanzhou City on the Muye plain. So he decided to stop at the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion.

Now the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion had already restored its property of the old days.

Astro Sovereign’s return and staying in the Broad Creed Mountain had brought thriving business to the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion.

And lately, there was a rumor claiming that Astro Sovereign had come to the Kunlun Mountain and frozen the Restful Immortal Valley where Concealed Sovereign lived.

That strong posture also gave people confidence to the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion.

Of course, there were still a few people who felt anxious.

Astro Sovereign’s actions had shown that he would not remain neutral anymore. Instead, he had made it quite clear that he would be in favor of the Broad Creed Mountain.

Therefore, the conflicts in the World beyond Worlds might be intensified.

However, it was still uncertain if the situation would turn into a war among the four Sovereigns in 2v2 or the division of the whole World beyond Worlds.

It had been peaceful in the World beyond Worlds for a long time. And people tended to let things stay that way.

Anyhow, since the two parties were gradually well-matched in strength, they should be more cautious when they wanted to declare war. That’s how the anxious people comforted themselves.

Yan Zhaoge tried to sense those people’s thoughts. And he believed his guess was pretty close.

Without speaking too much, he started off to the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory again after inspecting the Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion

At present, everything in the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory had changed.

Now the most intimidating people on the street were not the ones who wore a green rope with nine branches of the ancient tree on the sleeves.

Instead, people are more afraid of the ones in white ropes and blue coats.

And if the person in a white rope and a blue coat happened to have black edges on the coat, he would be treated more seriously.

The Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale was a yesterday’s story.

The Broad Creed Mountain was the one which dominated the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory now.

Moreover, even in the places out of the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory, no one dared to look down upon the disciples of the Broad Creed Mountain anymore.

Yan Zhaoge headed all the way to the east and passed the old site of the Remote Cloud Mountain’s Clear Light Locale.

However, the Clear Light Locale didn’t exist anymore.

As far as Yan Zhaoge knew, the people in the Broad Creed Mountain hadn’t slaughtered everyone in the Clear Light Locale. And Yan Di had only killed the people who had hunted Xue Chuqing.

Also, the Broad Creed Mountain had found another place to settle down instead of occupying the Remote Cloud Mountain.

Nevertheless, Yan Di had moved part of the spiritual qis of the earth veins away from the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory with his infinity power.

As a result, the Remote Cloud Mountain had no longer been the place where the spiritual qis were most abundant.

Because most of the spiritual qis had flowed to the new gate of the Broad Creed Mountain along the veins of the earth.

Thus, the Clear Light Locale had fell into decay with each passing day.

Being too shameful to stay in the Eastern Vast Heaven Territory, the rest of the people of the Clear Light Locale had all moved to another place.

Though the Remote Cloud Mountain was not as outstanding as before, it was still a place endowed with the fine spirits.

But there was no other party taking occupation of this place. So as strange as it might look, the Remote Cloud Mountain was left unused.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t stay in the Remote Cloud Mountain. He kept going until he reached the east of the Royal Reed Sea.

And as he arrived at the seaside and overlooked, he saw a delicately beautiful mountain.

That was the essential Daoism sect, the Broad Creed Mountain!