Chapter 1194 - You Have To See Me

Chapter 1194: You Have to See Me

Translator: DragonRider

Yang Ce, the Concealed Sovereign, also known as the Exalted Concealed Luminary of the new Nine Luminaries of Kunlun.

As one of the three sovereigns of the World beyond Worlds after the great calamity, he got his fame spread far and wide.

However, most of the people including Yan Zhaoge only heard of his legend but didn’t know about him deeply.

The sense of presence of this sovereign was even weaker than the other five emperors at most of the time.

People might even find surprisingly that this profound immortal expert hadn’t done anything impressive in the past.

All the people only respected him because of his high cultivation.

Concealed Sovereign was more like a shadow in the times when the new Nine Luminaries of Kulun had dominated the world or when the three sovereigns existed simultaneously. It seemed that he had been always behind everyone’s back silently.

Maybe his name only crossed in people’s mind when they mentioned about the new Nine Luminaries of Kunlun or the three sovereigns.

No one could recall any of his combat exploits or splendid deeds apart from that.

As the saying went, a clever solder never had too many military exploits.

However, Concealed Sovereign had been too low-key by staying in obscurity for thousands of years.

The impressions people had about him were his seclusion and his compliance to Earthly Sovereign.

Nevertheless, Yan Zhaoge never ignored this sovereign who seemed to have a weak sense of existence.

After all, as a profound immortal, Concealed Sovereign could simply show his deterrent force by standing there.

While Yan Zhaoge was thinking about Concealed Sovereign, the past stories came to his mind.

In the Eight Extremities Worlds, when Broad Creed Mountain had been fighting against the Sacred Sun Clan, there had been seven core experts in the clan who were called the Seven Suns.

As the person who ranked the first in the Seven Suns, Illumination Lord had possessed the most powerful cultivation.

Meanwhile, Twilight Lord, the one who had ranked the second, had been the most low-key and obscure man.

The reason why Twilight Lord had remained mysterious was because he had been in charge of all the dirty jobs in the covert.

Therefore, as the only person who had taken charge of the dark world under the rule of the Sacred Sun Clan, he was unknown to the public.

However, since he had been capable of dealing with all the dirty works, then there had been no doubt about his mighty power.

Yan Zhaoge was not sure if Concealed Sovereign was just like Twilight Lord.

Because as far as Yan Zhaoge knew, the person who was best at doing dirty works such as assassination was Jian Shunhua, the Exalted Rahu Luminary.

But it was also undisputed that Yang Ce, the Exalted Concealed Luminary was also hard to deal with.

Considering Concealed Sovereign as the one who could only make up the numbers of the nine luminaries was also a despise to the other luminaries such as Gao Han, Jiang Shen or Yan Xingtang.

Yan Zhaoge raced along in the high mountains and loft hills of Kunlun.

As he looked over from those mountains, he saw a valley.

The valley didn’t look impressive, but the plentiful spiritual qi kept gushing out from the inside like the sea tides.

That was Concealed Sovereign’s dao arena, one of the three vital areas of the power center within the Worlds beyond Worlds, the Restful Immortal Valley.

Concealed Sovereign didn’t have any disciples. Therefore, the Restful Immortal Valley was just like himself, quiet and silent. In the ordinary times, there were only a few attendant boys taking care of this place.

However, today the Restful Immortal Valley couldn’t stay quiet anymore.

A white hair man was standing outside, staring at the valley in front of him.

That was Chen Xuanzong, the Astro Sovereign.

A boy was also standing beside Chen Xuanzong with reluctant look on his face. The boy bowed to him and said, “Our master has already entered seclusion. He cannot see anyone, I’m sorry…”

“He can come out.” Astro Sovereign said calmly, “Fellow Daoist Yang can avoid meeting anyone except for me. He has already had me waiting for thousands of years.”

“You don’t need to note him. He’ll know that I am here.”

As Astro Sovereign spoke, the boy’s eyes were blurred. Then he saw the evergreen valley turned into a world of ice and now.

Although the boy didn’t feel cold at all. But those ice sculptures which had been transformed by the grass and trees were absolutely not his illusion.

Also, the ice and snow didn’t give out any cold air.

It didn’t mean that all of the ice and snow were illusions.

It was because even the temperature of the area around the Restful Immortal Valley had gone down suddenly. The place was filled with bitter coldness.

Except for those attendant boys, all the lives in the valley were vanished immediately. Only deathly stillness was left in this place.

Even the sun on the sky seemed to be cold.

This famous sacred place in the World beyond Worlds was like a delicate ice crystal now, which could be broken at any time.

“Fellow Daoist Yang, even if you have been in the death seclusion, you should come back to life now.” Astro Sovereign said lightly, “I’m sorry if I have hurt you just now. But I have to know what have happened at that time. This thought has haunted me for thousands of years.”

Astro Sovereign only came here today to confront Concealed Sovereign. So he wouldn’t care if the latter was in seclusion.

Hardly had his voice faded away, the ice and snow in the valley suddenly began to disappear silently.

The ice and snow weren’t melting. They simply just evaporated and vanished.

After that, a dim black blue light enveloped the whole Restful Immortal Valley.

“The power of corrosion…” Seeing what was happening now, Yan Zhaoge got a clear picture in his head, “Concealed Sovereign’s power of corrosion was not like the one of the Rahu Star. It contained the strength of destroying the sun and the moon along with everything in the world.”

Astro Sovereign only looked at it peacefully without making any actions.

After a short while, a sound came through the black blue light from the valley, “Fellow Daoist Chen, long time no see. How have you been?”

“Not so good.” Astro Sovereign answered.

As the black blue light faded away, the Restful Immortal Valley showed itself again in front of everyone.

Due to the sharp frost before, all the living creatures in the forested valley were withered as if the place had just entered in winter in a second.

A man was walking out from the valley.

Then all the creatures started to be alive again as he walked.

The place he had stepped on became lush and green again with flowers blooming.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the man. That was a middle-aged man around forty.

He had an unremarkable medium build while his face looked featureless and unimpressive.

To put it bluntly, this kind of appearance could make him invisible in the crowd right away.

Even if people stared at his face for a long time, they would probably forget what he looked like the moment they turned around.

Nonetheless, this man who looked ordinary was the master of the Restful Immortal Valley.

He was Yang Ce, the Concealed Sovereign, the Exalted Concealed Luminary who had created the World beyond Worlds with the other people of the new Nine Luminaries of Kunlun such as Chen Xuanzong, Yan Xingtnag, Shao Junhuang.

Now, he was the most important and powerful person in the World beyond Worlds.

“Since you have already waited for thousands of years, what’s the rush now?” Concealed Sovereign smiled with kindness and talked calmly as if nothing had happened.

Astro Sovereign looked at the man in front of him like it was the first day he ever met Concealed Sovereign.

A moment later, Astro Sovereign said slowly, “I have never wanted to wait for thousands of years. I cannot wait even for a moment, let alone thousands of years!”