Chapter 1215 - Die For Justice

Chapter 1215: Die for Justice

Translator: DragonRider

At last, Yin Tianxia didn’t die a graveless death.

This Dim Radiant Emperor who had been domineering for years managed to dash out of the encirclement of four emperors of the Immortal Court and return to the World beyond Worlds.

However, Yan Zhaoge already knew about Yin Tingya’s destiny when the fourth emperor of the Immortal Court had launched his attack.

Although that emperor was from the Immortal Court, but the Immortal gang which had been refined by him contained not only two kinds of Immortal qis.

Nevertheless, Yin Tianxia had still fought his way out.

Yan Zhaoge believed that if Yin Tianxia could possess an immortal weapon which was in the level of the Tranquil level, there would have been more victims of the Immortal Court.

Not long ago, when Yan Zhaoge had talked with Xue Chuqing, he had already known many of the truths about what had happened at that time.

Yin Tianxia had led most of the experts of the Dim Radiant Sect to the outer space initially in order to explore that place while suppressing a local powerful demon race.

However, during this process, the Grand Master of Xue Chuqing, who was also known as the Bright Connection Emperor, Hu Yuexin, had noticed Yin Tianxia the information about the fragments of the Heavenly Stone.

Since Hu Yuexin had also got that information a bit late, so the time had already been limited.

Thus she hadn’t had enough time to contact many other experts of the Dao universe.

Even those ones whom she had managed to come into contact with had been rather suspicious about the information.

But Yin Tianxia had trusted her.

Therefore, at last, The Dim Radiant Sect had changed their route and used the guise of seeking refuge with the Immortal Court in order to cover their real intention.

Besides Yin Tianxia, there were also other experts in the sect having gone on the same journey.

Most of those experts hadn’t reached the Exalt Realm.

But since they had entered into the Immortal Court together, they had already made up their minds to die for the right cause.

They had never thought of coming back.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t know if all the disciples of the Dim Radiant Sect had done that because they had had a high moral standard and a strong determination or Yin Tianxia had been too prestigious.

But the final result had been so tragic that even Yan Zhaoge who was from the later generation couldn’t be calmed down for a long time.

The only thing that could comfort the souls of those deceased cultivators was that they had finally succeeded.

When the Immortal Court and the blessed land of the Buddhism had fought each other fiercely, Yin Tianxia and Hu Yuexin had managed to seize a piece of the Heavenly Essence Stone.

Yan Zhaoge had a hunch that other big shots might have been behind this.

Such as, that Southern Extremity Longevity in the legend.

Otherwise Hu Yuexin wouldn’t have obtained such a precious and critical information.

Moreover, those experts of the Immortal Court who had pursued and attacked Yin Tianxia and his people must be in the level which was higher than the Profound Immortal.

Yan Zhaoge had deducted that according to the limited information he had got. But he still couldn’t verify his assumption.

But one thing could be sure that after the Great Calamity, the revival of the Three Clear Lineage of the Dao universe was full of hardships and obstacles.

The battles in the dark were already countless.

However, the event about the fragments of the Heavenly Essence Stone was the one which had caught everyone’s attention. The huge effect it had caused lasted until now and the situation became even more intensified.

And Yan Zhaoge was in the teeth of the storm.

‘Immeasurable Heavenly Lord… The fragments of the Heavenly Essence Stone…’ Yan Zhaoge pondered that quietly.

While he was thinking of that, he locked all of his breaths, preventing them from revealing his countenance.

Even if the Dim Radiant Wheel had moved violently due to the appearance of Snow Sovereign. Yan Zhaoge still managed to cover that up and no one had found out about his existence.

When Yan Zhaoge had been in the Nine Underworlds, Encompassing Emperor and Brocade Emperor had been beside him and Yan Zhaoge hadn’t fully employed the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. Therefore, the moment those two emperors had approached him, they had sensed the existence of the Dim Radiant Wheel.

However, not only had Yan Zhaoge increased his cultivation base level, he had also given full play to the Peerless Heavenly Scripture to make himself merge into the endless space.

In the meantime, he had also managed to cover the existence of the Dim Radiant Wheel.

However, if those experts of the Immortal Court searched the whole place thoroughly, Yan Zhaoge would still be found.

Luckily, those experts of the Buddhism had already retreated and the war had subsided.

“Those tricky Buddhists really are sensitive. How quick has they reacted!” Snow Sovereign, with her hands crossed behind her back, stood in the space while gazing at the direction in which those experts of the Buddhism had left, saying, “Let’s forget about them for the moment and deal with the immediate affairs. Otherwise those Buddhists will be so happy to see us drawing a lot of people to do something in vain.”

The man who had cultivated the Hill Light Flying Scripture with a title of Hill Sovereign said, “We should also report back to the Immortal Court about the moving direction of those devils of the blessed land and send someone to keep an eye on them in case those sneaky Buddhists will send more experts to disturb us. Also, we should also prevent them from invading into our Immortal Court.”

“That’s right.” Snow Sovereign nodded while turning to the other cultivators of the Immortal Court, “You don’t need to deal with the affairs here. Now you should split into several groups to report back to the Immortal Court.”

Except for the Emperor who was in the True Immortal level, other cultivators of the Immortal Court all bowed to Snow Sovereign and replied, “We will follow your orders, your majesty Snow Sovereign, your majesty Hill Sovereign.”

After they had left, the three experts of the Immortal Court walked toward the direction from which Snow Sovereign had come.

The strong air turbulence in the distance disappeared along with those experts of the Buddhism.

After a long while, Yan Zhaoge showed himself again.

He stared at the space in front of him. After pondering for a while, he set out again.

The Immortal Court had gathered lots of experts to set a waiting trap again.

They must have done that to block the capture Exalted Fire Luminary. However, that movement also made it hard for Yan Zhaoge to break through the encirclement.

Part of the reason why he hadn’t been found by those experts of the Immortal Court was because they had been distracted by the cultivators of the Buddhism.

However, no matter whether those experts of the Buddhism would come back, while Yan Zhaoge kept moving forward, he found the encirclement had become more and more intense and the number of experts of the Immortal Court had also increased.

The main problem for him now was how to go deep into the encirclement.

“Senior Apprentice-Uncle Yue, probably has come too.” Yan Zhaoge said that while wandering in the space with caution, trying to find Sword Sovereign, Yue Zhenbei.

Although Earthly Sovereign and Sword Sovereign had already left the Immortal Court, they must be focusing on the whole sequence of this event since Exalted Fire Luminary had stirred up such a huge trouble.

Yue Zhenbei was not trusted by others and even under surveillance now because of Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di.

Now as long as he could find Yue Zhenbei in the endless space, he would be able to act more freely with the care of his senior apprentice-uncle.

During his journey, Yan Zhaoge had shown no mercy to everyone who had seen him. Until now, no one had detected that he had already toured around the Immortal Court and arrived at the space.

Also, the people of the Immortal Court wouldn’t lay an ambush around Yue Zhenbei to let Yan Zhaoge walk into the trap by himself.

Therefore, the place which seemed the most dangerous might be the safest place. As the saying went, the place under the light was the darkest.

Yan Zhaoge then took an unusual path to inquire about the whereabouts of Sword Sovereign.

“Hmm, that’s…” Yan Zhaoge stared at the place in the dark from the distance. There was a mirror light flickering, which shone out brightly.

“The mirror light…” Yan Zhaoge was deep in thought, “Maybe Candle Sunlight Emperor is here?”

Candle Sunlight Emperor, also known as Sunlight Emperor, who was one of the Five Emperors of the World beyond Worlds with the Female Emperor, Brocade Emperor, Encompassing Emperor and Heaven Emperor.