Chapter 1238 - Another Death Awaits!

Chapter 1238: Another Death Awaits!

POSTED ON JULY 8, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

The three True Immortals gave their all and jointly attacked Yan Zhaoge!

Yan Zhaoge was very calm and kept a straight face.

With his sword incarnation, red-colored light beamed and the Immortal Trapping Sword appeared.

With the light from the Immortal Trapping Sword and the Spatiotemporal Supreme Martial Arts that he had analyzed for quite some time, Yan Zhaoge disappeared instantly.

But as the Sunlight Emperor’s Myriad Yin Yang Seal was bombarded, it seemed as if the universe turned upside down.

Although he did not imitate Yan Zhaoge’s movements, it affected time and space as if to slow down Yan Zhaoge.

Under the combined assault of Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, the attack seemed to be relentless and capable of reaching everywhere.

Yan Zhaoge swung the Immortal Trapping Sword while turning around!

During the swing, there was a cyan sword tip and white sword qi within the dark red sword-light!

The cyan-colored tip was the tip of the Immortal Exterminating Sword!

The white-colored qi was the sword qi of the Immortal Ending Sword!

In another perspective, the emergence of the Immortal Exterminating Sword was best at restraining the Jade Clear Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture. The Immortal Ending Sword, which could destroy everything, was the best at restraining the Myriad Phenomena Heavenly Scripture.

In one move, Yan Zhaoge merged the three swords of numinous treasure together and shattered the Sunlight Emperor’s Myriad Yin Yang Seal!

Then, Yan Zhaoge performed an uppercut, utilizing the Cyclic Heavenly Seal to fight against another Cyclic Heavenly Seal. The Mirror Light then floated upward.

Immediately afterward, he struck with his backhand, bombarding three attacks consecutively high up in the sky.

Three types of Cyclic Heavenly Seal came out!

Reverting to Earlier Heaven!

Reversal of Creation!

Reversal of Reverting to Earlier Heaven!

All three moves were combined together, changing, distorting the world, and reversing creation!

This move was boundless and immeasurable; the immense and domineering great power contained the dexterous and subtle changes.

This power forcibly tore apart the connection of the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Grand Clear Earlier Heaven and Later Heaven Supreme Martial Art!

This attack utilized the incredulous might of Taiji – conquering the unyielding with the yielding..

In essence, the greatest strength would be unfolded under flexible and ingenious changes.

At this time, the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, who was immersed in the Grand Clear Supreme Martial Arts for many years and had newly uncovered the marvel of Taiyi Fist, also had an uncontrollable feeling of discomfort. The combination of Earlier Heaven and Later Heaven fell apart and became worthless.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge attacked for the fourth time!

This time, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal became the Heaven Splitting Halberd!

As the Heaven Splitting Halberd fell, the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s already unstable Grand Commencement concept, suddenly collapsed in torrents. The Earlier Heaven fell after the Later Heaven, and disappeared.

His responses were very quick, simply turning it to Taiji Yin Yang Palm. Then, under the urging of Yin and Yang, he fully exerted sceptre arts to resist Yan Zhaoge’s offensive attack.

But Yan Zhaoge took action again after the Prime Clear sword art he acquired had ended, immediately broke the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s moves, and walked away.

At this moment, before him was the vast white and thunderous sea.

The three True Immortals teamed up to siege and Ruan Mingyan’s Underworld Thunder Spear was at the end.

Seemingly inconspicuous, but sinister and silent, it was the real killer move. After the Sunlight Emperor and the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor contained Yan Zhaoge’s energy, the outbreak was difficult.

But in a short moment, Yan Zhaoge broke the bounds of the two emperors’ offense and rushed to Ruan Mingyuan as fast as thunder!

Without giving the Sunlight Emperor and the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor the time to reorganize their offense, Yan Zhaoge first raised his index finger and middle finger up as straight as a sword. Then, the edge of the sword moved with a little white qi. The Immortal Ending Sword burst with vigour, and broke open the white and thunderous sea.

Then immediately, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, which was extremely domineering, took the lead.

Ruan Mingyan wanted to resist but Yan Zhaoge’s palm already shattered the silent thunder.

Then, Ruan Mingyan’s nightmare came again.

Five fingers, like the devil’s claws, enveloped her again.

The giant hand buckled her crown and lifted her up!

Yan Zhaoge grabbed Ruan Mingyan in one hand and raised the Immortal Trapping Sword with the other.

Where the red light flashed, the vast void seemed non-existent.

Yan Zhaoge turned back and immediately counterattacked the Sunlight Emperor and the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor!

Seeing that Yan Zhaoge wanted to use the old trick, the Sunlight Emperor was left without a choice. He took the initiative to face the attack, the Mirror Light turned over, and the candlelight swayed.

Yan Zhaoge’s fist was instantly inverted and attacked.

The Sunlight Emperor took this opportunity to prevent Yan Zhaoge from using his attack to kill the captured Ruan Mingyan.

But Yan Zhaoge’s fist shook slightly. The Taiyi Fist’s punching power became more and more obvious, as if it was incorporeal, chaotic, secretive, difficult to be fathom, and difficult to describe.

The reflection on the Mirror Light suddenly faded and then disappeared.

Between criss-cross, Yan Zhaoge’s fist had crossed the Mirror Light’s barrier and reached in front of the Sunlight Emperor.

“The first of Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, the first of creation, too easy…” Sunlight Emperor’s heart sank slightly as Yan Zhaoge’s fist had reached in front of him.

Then, the five fingers suddenly opened, and the fist became a palm!

The Grand Clear Taiyi Fist, turned into the Jade Clear Cyclic Heavenly Seal, then hit towards the Sunlight Emperor!

The transition between the two Supreme Martial Arts was very smooth, as if they were in one move.

The Sunlight Emperor faced the same dilemma as the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor.

They were not afraid that Yan Zhaoge’s fist would really hit them.

But when they were in real contact, Yan Zhaoge turned his fist into a palm, with the suppression from the Cyclic Heavenly Seal, it was too late to escape even if they wanted to.

At that time, Yan Zhaoge leisurely watched Mars Halberd execute them one by one.

“With so many Supreme Martial Arts, he still has a high level of mastery. How did he do it?”

“With so many Supreme Martial Arts, they could transform at will whether or not they communicate with each other. He even integrated several Martial Techniques into one, and mixes them as he pleased. Is this something that mortals can do?”

Although it was known that Yan Zhaoge was extraordinary, after a real fight, the Sunlight Emperor was still shocked and inexplicable.

He wanted to run, but he couldn’t outrun Yan Zhaoge; he wanted to evade it, and yet he couldn’t.

He could only brace for Yan Zhaoge’s attack without a choice.

Then, as expected, in the palm of Yan Zhaoge, a dim radiant light flashed and Ruan Mingyan’s figure appeared!

Ruan Mingyan looked angry and desperate.

The Candle Sunlight Emperor’s eyes also revealed resignation and hopelessness.

In the void, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal faced off against another Cyclic Heavenly Seal; Yan Zhaoge and the Sunlight Emperor were facing against each other!

The unfortunate one was Ruan Mingyan who was caught in the middle.

She was stronger than the other five Immortal Court Emperors.

Yan Zhaoge suppressed her, and she still struggled and resisted. She tried to resist the Cyclic Heavenly Seal from the Sunlight Emperor.

But even so, the Sunlight Emperor’s attack made her spew blood whilst in the sky!

Yan Zhaoge launched the Immortal Trapping Sword’s beam and swung it left and right. He attacked the Sunlight Emperor first, then attacked the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor.

For Ruan Mingyan, she had to endure the Sunlight Emperor’s Cyclic Heavenly Seal first, then the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Grand Commencement Divine Finger!

No matter how tyrannical and stubborn she was, she would still be crippled from being beaten in this way!

“Heretic, you won’t end well…” When Ruan Mingyan sustained another of the Sunlight Emperor’s attack again, her entire body felt as if it cracked like a porcelain.

Her unwilling roar was directly blocked and stopped abruptly. She was hit in between the collision of Yan Zhaoge and the Sunlight Emperor’s palm.

Yan Zhaoge ignored Ruan Mingyan’s life and death without any pause. With the help of a bump, he quickly flew back, flashed a red light, and intercepted the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor again.

Every time they fought, regardless of the Sunlight Emperor or the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, they were forced to retreat. At the same time, they got closer and closer together, and yet they could not escape while Yan Zhaoge attacked another person.

Yan Zhaoge suddenly reached in front of the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor and stretched out both his hands.

Two palms of the Cyclic Heavenly Seal pushed the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor and flew out, landing in front of Mars Halberd.

The Black-clothed Brocade Emperor suddenly felt a hot and cold edge, rising from behind.

Yan Zhaoge no longer bothered the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor. His figure flashed again and he reached the Sunlight Emperor. He reached out and grabbed the edge of the Mirror Light!