Chapter 1236 - Unparalleled. Wiping Out The Enemies Fast As Thunder!

Chapter 1236: Unparalleled. Wiping Out the Enemies Fast as Thunder!

POSTED ON JULY 6, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

Although he had achieved the body of a True Immortal, and had mastered the supreme martial art Immortal Door Mountain Carrying Hammer, the middle-aged scholar was still suppressed by Yan Zhaoge until the point where he couldn’t move.

He couldn’t put up his defence nor evade the attacks of Yan Zhaoge and Black-clothed Brocade Emperor when he’s in the middle of it.

When the outer defence was just put up, it was immediately crushed by Yan Zhaoge’s fist.

In the end, he could only stare at Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s finger pointing at him, and watch the attack launching towards him.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s facial expression turned cold. The Grand Commencement Divine Finger was very profound. It could be released and retracted whenever he wanted to.

At the crucial moment, he forcefully stopped the attack.

He didn’t mind whether the middle-aged scholar was dead or alive. However, killing this emperor of the Immortal Court wouldn’t help him with escaping here. For him, it wouldn’t bring him any benefits, and might even cause him problems in the future.

However, he wasn’t even capable of fighting Yan Zhaoge to begin with. After releasing and retracting his power, he lost the advantage of executing the first move.

Yan Zhaoge’s fists were everywhere. It also appeared behind the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor.

Under the collision of the strong power, the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor was pushed back to where Ruan Mingyan and the others were after he finally managed to escape a small distance.

However, Black-clothed Brocade Emperor wasn’t discouraged. He wanted to use the momentum to flee from the other direction.

After cultivating the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form, he had always been very agile.

However, Yan Zhaoge incarnated a sword seal, and a dark red sword appeared. It cut through space, and immediately chased after him.

One of Prime Clear Lineage’s Numinous Treasure Four Swords, Immortal Trapping Sword!

Although it hadn’t been confirmed yet, many dwellers of the World beyond Worlds had suspicions that Yan Zhaoge was actually proficient in the Prime Clear Lineage’s supreme martial arts, which was the reason why there were the two swords, Slaying Azure Dragon and Slaying Xuanwu.

However, he was the descendant of the Prime Clear Sword Emperor, which made the situation special.

Before getting into a fight, the Qilin Cliff didn’t want to make a fuss out of this. Most of the time, they chose to ignore it. As long as Yan Zhaoge didn’t use the Prime Clear supreme martial arts in public at the World above Worlds, they would pretend to not know anything.

After Yan Zhaoge killed Wang Zhengchen and offended the Earthly Sovereign lineage completely, he naturally didn’t have to care about the decree of the Earthly Sovereign anymore.

After all, even if that didn’t happen, the two of them had to cut off ties with each other.

Now, Yan Zhaoge didn’t have any more worries when using the Prime Clear swords arts.

The profoundness of the Immortal Trapping Sword towards time and space which was capable of slaying even space was among one of the best.

Yan Zhaoge’s whole body transformed into a ray of red light, and instantly teleported through the obstructions of the void.

Jade Clear lineage, Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture.

Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, fourth art, Illusory.

Supporting Soaring Art.

Other than Immortal Trapping Sword, Yan Zhaoge had already understood the concept of the other supreme martial arts that specializes in speed thoroughly, and had fused them together as one.

When he started to burst in speed, even a group of True Immortals wouldn’t have the time to react.

Yan Zhaoge instantly caught up to the side of Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, and launched another fist.

The iron fists that existed everywhere finally forced the Brocade Emperor to the point where he could only receive the damage.

Looking at the middle-aged scholar filled with despair, Black-clothed Brocade Emperor displayed no emotions on his face. He calmly pushed his palm forward.

As for that middle-aged scholar, although he had already pushed open the Immortal Door, and wanted to put up his defence against the Brocade Emperor, Yan Zhaoge dissipated his energy when he wanted to make a move. He could only watch in horror as the horrifying Yin Yang devoured him.

Under the circulation of Yin Yang Taiji capable of annihilating everything, a pitiful emperor of the Immortal Court was unable to dodge not block the attack. He was immediately killed on the spot, without any body part remains.

Ruan Mingyan and the others felt a chill down their spine when they saw this.

The Candle Sunlight Emperor that was fighting with the Mars Halberd from a distant away frowned.

Him and the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor knew that Yan Zhaoge fully comprehended the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture.

Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture could direct Yin and Yang, dictate extremities, and wasn’t afraid of being besieged by a huge group.

However, Yan Zhaoge was a Human Martial Saint after all, and his opponents had already pushed the Immortal Door open. Adding the fact that the Immortal Realm experts had Immortal qi buffing their body, the Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture’s speciality wasn’t quite effective.

Because of that, they weren’t worried about Yan Zhaoge turning a weapon against its owner.

But now, it seemed like it wasn’t necessary anymore.

Instead, he just blatantly attacked an opponent using his own devices.

After that middle-aged scholar emperor of the Immortal Court died, a few treasured light imbued with faith power flew out from his body, and attempted to leave through the void.

The treasured light itself held no attack power. It also had no strength nor presence, just filled with energy.

This treasured light imbued with faith power ignored the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s Taiji Yin Yang fist.

It was as if they were both existing in a different world. They both didn’t touch nor affected each other, seemingly illusory.

Yan Zhaoge’s facial expression didn’t have any changes. His right hand was still clenched, and he extended his fist intent.

Taiyi Fist enveloped the whole cosmos, and immediately destroyed that treasured light imbued with faith power. It couldn’t fly away, and disappeared right on the spot.

“… Not only Taiyi Fist, he also knows the Faceless Devilish Scripture. He might also know the Immortal Exterminating Sword.” Black-clothed Brocade Emperor shook his head when he saw that.

As for the Candle Sunlight Emperor, he looked at the sky and let out a long sigh. He didn’t try to continue brawling with the Mars Halberd anymore, and instead wanted to leave.

At this point, there was no need to remain his stance anymore.

However, the Mars Halberd didn’t allow him to leave.

When the Mars Halberd saw Yan Zhaoge taking control of the whole situation, he wasn’t in a rush to go back to Yan Zhaoge’s side anymore. Instead, he started attacking the Sunlight Emperor.

Yan Zhaoge teleported in front of Ruan Mingyan and clapped his palms together.

As for Ruan Mingyan that was between Yan Zhaoge’s fist, she felt like the air around her had suddenly fell into a muddy mire. It was hard for her to even move.

After that, the muddy mire transformed into something as hard as gelisol.

As for her, she was like a small little insect stuck inside an ember, and couldn’t move at all.

Yan Zhaoge teleported again. He launched his fist again at the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor that wanted to escape.

In the void, a dark red light could be seen making up many lines. It was as if space had cracked, and was sealed.

Yan Zhaoge’s silhouette suddenly appeared in front of the emperor of the Immortal Court that cultivated the Scorching Sunlight Supreme Martial Art.

The emperor did not give up on fighting back. He punched the void and transformed it into a scorching hell.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s palm slapped the scorching hell to bits, and it disappeared.

After that, a light that was neither dim nor brightly lit had devoured the emperor of the Immortal Court.

At the place where the dark red sword-light flashed, Yan Zhaoge immediately appeared in front of Black-clothed Brocade Emperor. He took away the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s chance of escaping.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor took a deep breath, and let out a distant long hum.

In the distance, the light within the Sunlight Emperor Mirror spinned. Wherever the mirror light shined, the candle light would tremble..

Suddenly, he clapped his hand on the mirror’s surface.

A crack appeared on the mirror’s surface.

After that, a crack suddenly appeared at the void beside the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor no longer reserved his strength. He used his full force to kill the emperor of the Immortal Court that Yan Zhaoge placed in front of him.

After that, he wanted to rush into the crack of space.

Yan Zhaoge smiled pleasantly. He attacked with both the Taiyi Fist with his left hand and Heaven Splitting Halberd with his right hand.

With the omnipotent force used to split the earth during the beginning of Taiyi, it forcefully trapped the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor in the crack of space, rendering him unable to move.

Half of Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s body had already rushed into the crack of space. However, the crack of space and the void around it was destroyed by Yan Zhaoge’s attack.

Half of his body existed in cosmos, while the other half existed in the void. With the distorted force between the two of them, even a True Immortal like him wasn’t able to bear with it.

This wasn’t Yan Zhaoge’s attack. Instead, he just destroyed the door of space when the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor passed through the door halfway.

The terrifying aftermath caused the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor to feel as if his body was going to be split in half by the distortion of the dimension!

On the other side, Ruan Mingyan raised her eyebrows. Her face was filled with a ferocious expression. Under the continuous bombardment of her full strength, it finally wore off Yan Zhaoge’s fist intent which trapped her, and broke the shapeless prison.

However, just as she used the Underworld Thunder Spear to break through the prison, the scene in front of her eyes were pitch black.

Yan Zhaoge had already reached in front of her, and launched another fist.

In the gloomy light, the silhouette of the emperor of the Immortal Court which cultivated the Withered Wood Profound Art appeared.

Under the shine of the silvery white thunder, it made his despair face a pale white.

Yan Zhaoge’s grasp of time was truly at the pinnacle.

Even if Ruan Mingyan was a Leakless True Immortal, she couldn’t retract her attack in time. Her spear pierced through her partner’s body, and pinned him in the void.