Chapter 1237 - The Fall Of The Five Emperors

Chapter 1237: The Fall of The Five Emperors

POSTED ON JULY 7, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

Ruan Mingyan was shocked when she killed an emperor from the same Immortal Court as her.

Yan Zhaoge extended his arm and opened his fingers. He grabbed her by the head.

Rua Mingyan’s sight turned dark. She felt as if she had lost her orientation, and was lifted up by Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge pushed Ruan Mingyan’s head and moved quickly to the side of the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor that was still trapped in the crack of the dimension.

After the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor had managed to bear through the most agonizing phase, he used all his strength to cast the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form to mix up his body with the boundary of the shapeless space.

Just as he had finally stabilized his condition, Yan Zhaoge had already reached in front of him.

Under the extreme speed, Yan Zhaoge released his grasp on Ruan Mingyan’s head, and pushed her against the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor that still couldn’t move away.

Space started distorting again, and the crack was forcefully opened.

Ruan Mingyan and the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor both let out a groan, and fell into the crack of space.

They immediately traveled through dimensions, and appeared in front of the Candle Sunlight Emperor and the Mars Halberd.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Sunlight Emperor had originally planned to use this method to gather with each other, and use their strength combined to fight back the Mars Halberd, which would then allow them to escape.

Now, the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor had arrived. There was even an additional member, Frigid Thunder Emperor Ruan Mingyan.

However, after forcefully tearing apart space to get knocked here, and after getting affected by the distortion of space, both Black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Ruan Mingyan’s body were trembling non-stop. It was as if it might be torn or broken at any moment.

The Mars Halberd didn’t care about them at all. It attacked faster and faster, and continued stalling the Candle Sunlight Emperor.

The Sunlight Emperor glimpsed around out of the corner of his eye, and suddenly became frightened.

Yan Zhaoge held the other two emperors of the Immortal Court who were still alive with his hand each. He transformed into a red light, and rushed in front of the Sunlight Emperor and the others with a speed beyond imagination by passing through the boundless void. It was as if there wasn’t any distance!

The emperor of the Immortal Court that cultivated the Mountain Shu sword arts was feeling ashamed and angry.

“You heretic bandit, take my sword attack!” He yelled angrily. His whole body trembled, and his sword qi started ravaging.

At this moment, his entire body was just like the Heavenly Abyss Underworld Thunder Spear. From the inside of his body, he started to explode!

An unprecedented bright sword light exploded in Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

This emperor had used the Mountain Shu’s secret technique. He sacrificed his body for his sword, and released the strongest attack he had never ever released, but could never be released anymore. It was a suicidal attack!

“Not bad. As expected from someone that originated from the place of Sword Devil Yin Shiyang. After a few thousand years, he even had a successor like this.” said Yan Zhaoge, “However, it’s a pity that all of you had turned into heretics.”

As he was talking, Yan Zhaoge didn’t stop his advancement. Both his left and right hands gathered in the middle.

Cyclic Heavenly Seal, Dim Radiant Twelve Arts, Taiji Yin Yang Palm, Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture and many other supreme martial arts were fused into one.

The exploding shiny sword light was firmly sealed inside of Yan Zhaoge’s right palm.

As for the emperor of the Immortal Court that culvitaved the Feiliu Seven Saints Scripture, he was being suppressed by Yan Zhaoge’s left hand.

Just as both of Yan Zhaoge’s hands clasped together, he could only watch in despair as the bright sword light exploded in front of him.

Yan Zhaoge’s oppression towards him had already been loosened.

He tried his best to utilise all seven core techniques in the Feiliu Seven Saints Scripture.

Just as the water in the “tank” was kept to the maximum, and the instant the “explosive force” had reached its pinnacle, it would turn into a “flood” with an unstoppable force.

The vast, majestic, violent and fierce momentum of the flood was vividly displayed by him.

However, the attack he was facing was from a Mountain Shu sword cultivator that was originally stronger than him to begin with, and it was an attack which he executed by burning his life force away!

This kind of attack wasn’t something a martial art practitioner would be able to do even if he was willing to sacrifice himself. It was one of the most precious forbidden secret arts passed down from the Mountain Shu sword arts.

Not to mention that the emperor of the Immortal Court that cultivated the Feiliu Seven Saints Scripture was still being oppressed by Yan Zhaoge till a certain extent.

In the end, there was only one result.

The gorgeous yet brittle sword light had cut open the pathway for the flood. The force was overbearing, and immediately pierced through the other person’s body.

The five imposing Immortal Court’s emperors who formed the Five Elements Sun Devouring Formation had all perished!

“Our speed is not as fast as him. We can’t just leave even if we want to.” The Sunlight Emperor gave out a sigh. He extended his hand and swiped it across the Mirror Light.

A new crack had formed on the ancient mirror which previously already had a crack to begin with.

The two cracks crossed each other horizontally and vertically in the middle of the mirror, creating a cross shape crack. It caused the candle light in the mirror to be seperated.

However, the strength of the Immortal Artifact did not weaken.

Without any warnings, the cross crack suddenly appeared in the void. It tore down the void in the Original Nebula, and was going towards the Mars Halberd.

The Mars Halberd became a little more serious.

The fiery red twin crescent halberd showed a vague figure resembling the Heaven Splitting Halberd, and slashed forward.

The cross crack of the void was destroyed by the Mars Halberd.

However, the chaotic void had separated Mars Halberd and Yan Zhaoge.

At this moment, the Sunlight Emperor held the Mirror Light in his hand and advanced forward, taking the initiative to attack Yan Zhaoge.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor and Frigid Thunder Emperor Ruan Mingyan forcefully suppressed the agony brought to them through the collision of the crack of the space, and chose to attack Yan Zhaoge together with the Sunlight Emperor.

Even Ruan Mingyan, despite her arrogance, was one experienced in many battles.

The three emperors knew that this moment was one where they had to put their life on the line.

If they didn’t put in all their effort, they might not have the chance to survive in the battle.

The three of them were True Immortal Emperors that had already pushed open the Immortal Gate. And yet, they had to go all-out to fight a Martial Saint Realm.

If someone else heard this, no matter who it was, they would have thought of this as the world’s biggest joke.

However, neither Sunlight Emperor, Black-clothed Brocade Emperor nor Ruan Mingyan found it funny.

They have only one thought in mind.

Take down Yan Zhaoge. Otherwise, we’ll be in danger!

Ruan Mingyan took out her Underworld Thunder Spear again, and used her full force to empower it. The overbearing and quick silvery white thunder flashed among the void, and tore the boundless darkness.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor had a calm look on his face. He pointed his Grand Commencement Divine Finger towards Yan Zhaoge.

At the same time, he used his fist as a replacement of sceptre, and executed the sceptre arts while launching his attacks towards Yan Zhaoge.

In this sceptre attack, it even had a slight feeling of the Taiji Fist in it.

After receiving so many punches from Yan Zhaoge, he did gain something as he wished.

However, only through surviving to the end of the battle could he really keep his gains.

The Black-clothed Brocade Emperor naturally didn’t hold back any longer. He used all the techniques he had learned throughout his whole life!

Among the three of them, the strongest one was undoubtedly Candle Sunlight Emperor.

Fighting bare-handed had always been his strength. And now, he even had an Immortal Artifact with him.

The Sunlight Emperor right now didn’t have to be on the defensive stance and wait for an opportunity to attack anymore.

He lifted up the Mirror Light, and as if he was going to cover a wide area, he immediately slammed it down on Yan Zhaoge!

Because of the cross-shaped crack, the mirror seemed to have split into four parts. The duo-coloured black and white candlelights started dancing together. It showed the four levels of concept, major yang, major yin, minor yang and minor yin.

The four yin yang turned into a myriad of things, as if it was showcasing the transition of a world. It came crashing down from the sky, and oppressed Yan Zhaoge!

Clear Illusory Moral Lord’s lineage had combined both Cyclic Heavenly Scripture, Yin Yang Heavenly Scripture, Myriad Phenomena Heavenly Scripture, and had created the Clear Illusory Moral Pill Scripture supreme martial arts.

Myriad Yin Yang Seal!