Chapter 1240 - The True Human Exalt

Chapter 1240: The True Human Exalt

POSTED ON JULY 10, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

No matter how much the Sunlight Emperor struggled, or how unwilling he was, he could only watch the solid and vast land slowly getting closer towards him. Afterwards, his face just crashed into it.

Yan Zhaoge put his hands together horizontally, and immediately plummeted the True Immortal Emperor into the earth. Only two legs were left displayed outside.

As an expert who had already pushed opened the Immortal Door, they would be able to render thousands of miles of land into nothingness, even if they were of the Immortal Court’s origin.

However, this land and soil was manifested by Yan Zhaoge’s true essence, and was fused with the Cyclic Heavenly Seal’s oppressing power. It immediately rendered the Sunlight Emperor unable to move.

Forget struggling. He couldn’t even open his mouth if he wanted to, as it would only be fully stuffed with soil.

Yan Zhaoge carried the whole land with his palm, turned around, and advanced in the opposite direction.

Over there, Black-clothed Brocade Emperor was already facing great dangers when facing the Mars Halberd’s ferocious attacks.

Now that the Mars Halberd didn’t have to divert his attention away nor be wary of being ganged up by others, the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor was no match for him.

Although all of the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s martial arts were not constrained by the Heaven Splitting Scripture, his opponent was an expert that had already been cultivating for thousands of years, the Mars Halberd.

As a weapon solely for killing, there was nothing to doubt in Mars Halberd’s precision in killing.

The Black-clothed Brocade Emperor could only barely put up his defence with the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form and the Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body. He used the Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form’s ability to distort space in order to evade the Mars Halberd’s sharp attacks.

However, the Mars Halberd was fully focused on killing him, which made it hard for him to escape.

Now, after he felt Yan Zhaoge’s gaze focusing on him, the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s heart sank deep into the abyss.

He didn’t feel any fear, panic nor a feeling of disappointment. However, the light of hope in his eyes was slowly fading.

“Black-clothed Brocade Emperor. Seems like it was inevitable for our fight to go in a different direction.” Yan Zhaoge said plainly, “However, since it’s the revenge of blocking the path, we should put an end to it.”

“For you, I’m sure if you were to choose between getting killed by the Mars Halberd and dying by the White-clothed Brocade Emperor, I’m sure you wouldn’t want the latter to happen, right?”

Mars Halberd’s sharp edge pierced through Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s body.

Black-clothed Brocade Emperor widened his mouth. A mouthful of gas that was fused with black and white was spat out, as if they were blood.

He coughed non-stop, “You father and son duo… Improved too fast. My road ahead was already getting narrower and narrower… Today, it finally came to an end…”

“White-cloth and I… There’s no victor. However, between you father and son… A victor had already been decided…”

“Winners… gets the last word. I don’t have anything else to say. It just benefited the White Cloth.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, shook his head and said, “Have a safe journey, Emperor.”

The Brocade Emperor was separated into two, and now the White-clothed Brocade Emperor was still alive.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s expression didn’t have any hint of sadness nor happiness when looking at the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor perishing in front of him.

After Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, there was still the Sunlight Emperor.

Three Sovereigns Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories.

These eight words were his first impression towards the World beyond Worlds.

Since a long time ago, this had represented the law and authority of the World beyond Worlds.

Among them, the difference between an Immortal and a Mortal allowed the Three Sovereign and Five emperors to become a unique and legendary existence.

Zhuang Shen and Daoist Oneheaven, had perished one after another. Earth Exalt Wang Zhengcheng, the oldest Martial Saint in the World beyond Worlds was also killed by Yan Zhaoge himself.

During that time, everything just happened between the humans. For the Immortal Realm experts, everything was still under control.

However, following the perishment of the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor and the Candle Sunlight Emperor, the state of the World beyond Worlds would expect a change.

The top experts, especially those that pushed opened the Immortal door after the calamity were very precious to the Orthodox Daoism.

During the time of Broad Creed Mountain’s opening ceremony, Female Emperor, Nie Jingshen, Bai Tao and the others attended the ceremony partly to assist the Broad Creed Mountain on behalf of the Sword Sovereign.

During that time, the two sides came to a silent agreement to not harm the Heaven Emperor.

However, as the situation was constantly changing, and the two side’s conflict was increasing, it reached the stage where it was hard to come to a truce.

As for the Heavenly Emperor, he wasn’t the core subject of the conflict nymore.

This moment was when the forces of both sides clashed.

After the fall of those that were of the Five Emperors caliber, it was expected for things to move forward.

But, how will the situation develop?

Before this, the Mars Halberd might not have taken any sides of the fight between the Broad Creed Mountain and the Qilin Cliff.

However, because of this clash that happened in the Original Nebula, Exalted Fire would obviously not let the Candle Sunlight Emperor off the bat, as he was almost tricked to death.

Seeing the bright red light of the fire seeping through the soil, and passing through the body that was sealed inside, Yan Zhaoge’s facial expression was still calm.

Wang Zhengcheng is just the beginning.

Now, it isn’t the end.

Mars Halberd’s gaze when looking at Yan Zhaoge was filled with compliments.

Although he rarely roams the World beyond Worlds, the things that happened here were no secrets. He had heard of what Yan Zhaoge had done for the past few years in the World beyond Worlds.

However, after actually being in contact with each other, only can one person truly experience it.

First, he broke through the Five Elements Sun Devouring Formation that the five emperors of the Immortal Court had laid down.

If he just used a kiting fighting style to breakthrough it, or use a formation to fight against their formation and counter it, then there’s just that.

Yan Zhaoge just relied on his own strength to directly bombard through, and crushed the enemy’s formation.

After that, for a short amount of time, he immediately faced the joint attacks of the Sunlight Emperor, Black-clothed Brocade Emperor, and Frigid Thunder Emperor of the Immortal Court – Ruan Mingyan.

This was what caused the Mars Halberd to have a change of mind.

It was because while these three had less people compared to the Five Elements Sun Devouring Formation, their strength was much stronger.

Although the Frigid Thunder Emperor Ruan Mingyan was of the Immortal Court, her talents and skills were among one of the best. Her strength did not pale in comparison to the emperors of the Daoism Three Clear Lineage that had turned into Immortals.

If she grew up from the teaching of the orthodox Daoism, her current strength would even surpass most of the Three Clear Lineage’s True Immortals.

Although the Black-clothed Brocade Emperor’s strength was weaker compared to before he had split up, his Grand Clear lineage cultivation was among the top.

He was proficient in one of the Later Heaven Five Ultimates, sceptre arts. After fusing both earlier heaven and later heaven supreme arts together, it even reached a very profound state.

Needless to say, the Sunlight Emperor that had the Immortal Artifact Mirror Light was the strongest person among them, excluding Yan Zhaoge.

When he used the Mirror Light, Mars Halberd didn’t have the confidence to win him in a one-on-one battle.

The three of them worked together and fought with their life on the line. And yet, they all lost to Yan Zhaoge.

Mars Halberd knew deeply that without him, the battle’s outcome wouldn’t be any different.

The eight True Immortal Emperors that pushed open the Immortal Door had all perished under the hands of a Martial Saint Realm.

Among them, six of them were even killed by Yan Zhaoge. There was no need for Mars Halberd to take action at all.

Although Yan Zhaoge didn’t take action himself, there was no doubt that Ruan Mingyan and the others perished by his hands.

Even Mars Halberd never expected Ruan Mingyan and the other six of them would perish like this, perish because of a Martial Saint.

“It seems like something only he would be able to do…” This thought arose in Mars Halberd’s mind when looking at Yan Zhaoge, “Human Exalt… Maybe this is the true Human Exalt.”

He was the strongest Martial Saint Realm in human history. It was unprecedented in the past, and it was highly unlikely that someone could catch up with him in the future. He was a unique Exalt!