Chapter 1251 - From Today Onwards, Your Title Will Change From Eight Heavens To Seven Heavens

Chapter 1251: From Today Onwards, Your Title Will Change From Eight Heavens To Seven Heavens

POSTED ON JULY 27, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

“We didn’t meet each other yet? I wouldn’t think so.” Yan Zhaoge instantly reached He Mian’s side, “The last time when I wrote some words on your sect’s disciple’s back for you and your master Cloud Emperor, we had already met each other once.”

“However, it wasn’t as close as how we are now.”

As he was talking, Yan Zhaoge extended his hand and grabbed the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace. Immediately, He Mian’s retreating figure stopped.

“If we haven’t fought each other, we obviously haven’t met each other yet.” Golden light radiated in He Mian’s eyes. Crimson light then shot out of his eyes.

As if there was no interval in timing, the crimson red sword light instantly appeared in front of Yan Zhaoge.

Since He Mian’s sword was out, the sword lights were launched continuously with no ends to it.

His swords were getting faster and faster. Every area and corner of the void were filled with flashing red lights dancing around.

The myriad of sword lights came slashing towards Yan Zhaoge at the same time.

“High-grade Sacred Artifact. For you, it might not have any uses at all anymore. However, if it’s a sword that you forged yourself, it’s much better than fighting bare-handed.” Yan Zhaoge said plainly, “Draw your sword. I’m not disdaining you by using my bare hands to fight you, who is wielding a sword.”

One of his hands grabbed the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace. He raised his other hand, and casually punched his fist forward.

In an instant, the whole space and universe were filled with Yan Zhaoge’s fists.

Every time a single crimson red sword light started glowing, an iron fist would launch towards it, and destroy the sword light.

When multiple sword lights glowed, multiple fists would then launch towards them. Before they could radiate, they were already disintegrated.

Before the fight had really started, the outcome could already be seen.

He Mian’s grasp on the Immortal Trapping Sword Scripture was already very deep. His swords could even cut through space.

Everywhere his sword light passed, no matter when or where the opponent was, they wouldn’t be able to escape. No matter how fast the opponent’s speed was, they would be unable to evade it.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s fists launched every time the blades appeared, as if he had already prepared their positions beforehand. Whenever He Mian’s sword lights appeared, and before they could really produce any momentum, they disintegrated with a punch!

The Immortal Trapping Sword itself would ignore the limitations of space. It had even surpassed time. Almost nothing could beat it in terms of speed.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s fists seemed to have distorted the concept of time. The fists came launching from a higher level realm.

It was as if the fist existed before the start of space-time or even the ending of space-time, seemingly well-prepared already.

Now, He Mian felt like when he was unsheathing his sword halfway, someone would punch on his sword handle, and punch the sword completely back into the sheath.

There was no point in using the term “fast” or “slow” to determine how quick the world’s fastest sword was. However, it was now beaten until it was unable to be sheathed.

“…Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, Taiyi!” He Mian groaned. The crimson light in his eyes grew even stronger.

He finally let go of the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace.

However, he didn’t have the intention to retreat and run away.

The teenager with messy hair in the Daoist robes spun in the air, and green lights could vaguely be seen devouring the crimson red sword lights which filled the air.

The green-red sword light flashed in the void, and finally avoided Yan Zhaoge’s Taiyi Fist.

Other than the Immortal Trapping Sword Scripture, He Mian had also cultivated the Immortal Exterminating Sword Scripture!

The head of Numinous Treasure Four Swords, Immortal Exterminating Sword. One slash could break through all arts, and cause the myriad of daos to crumble!

Although it couldn’t break through Yan Zhaoge’s Taiyi Fist, whenever the green light touched Yan Zhaoge’s fist, the river of time appeared again.

Within the flowing river, red lights flew up as if it had finally been released.

“Not bad. Not only did you manage to cultivate the Immortal Exterminating Sword, but you can even draw both Immortal Exterminating and Immortal Trapping Swords together. Being famous around the world, you really have something up the sleeves!” Yan Zhaoge complimented.

It wasn’t easy to cultivate both the Prime Clear Immortal Exterminating Sword and Jade Clear Heaven Splitting Scripture.

If the martial practitioner’s talent weren’t enough, not only would they be unable to cultivate it, their soul might even be torn apart, which puts a risk on their lives.

He Mian had successfully cultivated the Immortal Exterminating Sword, and could even draw both Immortal Exterminating Sword and Immortal Trapping Sword at the same time. Based on this alone, it was no wonder he was called a young genius.

His face didn’t have any hint of being proud. Instead, it was filled with seriousness and focus.

He activated the sword art, and an uncountable amount of crimson red sword lights surged everywhere. As they intersected with each other, they gathered into a bunch, which combined together as a piece. It instantly transformed into a huge sword formation.

When the sword formation appeared, it already trapped Yan Zhaoge inside of it.

The instant the whole sword formation started activating, every corner of space in the Pill Hall’s internal universe had disintegrated into nothingness!

“I’ve heard that the Ashen Spirit Valley lineage combines both sword arts and formation together. They said it is quite profound. Now that I’ve finally seen it, it really does live up to its name.”

Yan Zhaoge stopped the chattering. Immediately after that, magnificent and relentless energy exploded from the crimson red sword formation.

Twelve light circles circled around Yan Zhaoge’s back. He launched his fist. As the dim radiant light of chaos was shaking, the darkness faded. Only boundless radiance remained.

After that, the radiance shattered, and the great dao collapsed!

A series of tough and absolutely violent Grand Shattering Brightness Palm exploded from within, and the majestic power swept out like shockwaves. It blocked He Mian’s sword formation which encircled Yan Zhaoge inside, and caused the sword formation to be so bloated that it exploded!

Yan Zhaoge’s fists were still neither quick nor slow. It launched towards He Mian resolutely.

He Mian’s gaze was filled with seriousness. His left hand incarnated a sword seal and placed it at the front of his chest. In his right hand, his index and middle finger stood together like a sword and pointed towards his front.

As the red light was flashing, a green light appeared again.

Other than that, there was even some dark-colored sword qi. They were like thin threads and intertwined together.

Immortal Slaughtering Sword!

Among the Numinous Treasure Four Swords, He Mian had not only managed to successfully cultivate the Immortal Exterminating Sword and Immortal Trapping Sword, he even managed to cultivate the Immortal Slaughtering Sword.

Other than that, he not only managed to draw two swords together, he could even draw three swords together.

The three swords Exterminating, Slaughtering, and Trapping were drawn together. Boundless brutal sharpness surged, and the heavens and earth seemed to have suffered the effects of a calamity. It immediately turned into a wasteland!

“No wonder, no wonder…” Yan Zhaoge maintained his posture when he launched his fist, “No wonder you kept the “Eight Heavens Exalt” title. You do have the capability to challenge senior-apprentice uncle Long once again.”

All of a sudden, a change appeared on Yan Zhaoge’s fist.

Crimson red sword light surged. The luster turned from dark to dark red and looked even more violent.

On Yan Zhaoge’s fist, a layer of dark red color seemed to be imbued on his hand.

When he punched, within his fist intent contained the sword intent from Immortal Trapping Sword.

Immediately afterward, threads of black sword qi appeared. They were like thin threads and intertwined on Yan Zhaoge’s arm densely.

A thin thread sliced through the void as if many lives’ vitality were slain.

Now, many black threads intersected with each other, and death qi was running rampant.

Finally, other than the black thread and the red light, a green sword beam surged. It was peerless and indestructible.

The green beam seemed to be very familiar with slicing through the laws of the universe and caused them to not exist any longer.

The crimson light in He Mian’s eyes exploded, and he had a facial expression filled with shock.

Within Yan Zhaoge’s fist, it had sword intent contained within it, which made it hard to tell if it was a fist or sword.

His attack was also drawing out the three swords of the Numinous Treasure!

“However, it doesn’t matter if you and senior apprentice-uncle Long would fight you again in the future. From today onwards, you should change your “Eight Heavens Exalt” title to “Seven Heavens Exalt.”

Immortal Exterminating against Immortal Exterminating, Immortal Trapping against Immortal Trapping, and Immortal Slaughtering against Immortal Slaughtering.

Three swords against three swords. Yan Zhaoge forcefully suppressed He Mian’s swords which contained a disaster-like sword intent storm.

After that, as the spirit qi intersected with each other, his fist seemed to have transformed into something that resembled an axe, but it wasn’t an axe. It also resembled the shape of a halberd, but did not resemble a halberd either. It slashed open the storm in front of him like a hot knife through butter.

Yan Zhaoge’s fist hit He Mian’s chest, and the young genius of the Prime Clear lineage immediately flew backward from the impact of it!