Chapter 1259 - Bull-Headed Fellow

Chapter 1259: Bull-Headed Fellow

POSTED ON AUGUST 6, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

When Yan Zhaoge placed the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace on each five of the altars, the ice-cold intent appeared again.

After a while, the intent disappeared.

The eyes filled with ruthlessness and decisiveness also disappeared from within Yan Zhaoge and the others’ minds.

After he finished reading every sentence displayed by the altars, He Mian tidied up his mood and muttered, “It’s busy forging a human body for his own. It looks like its progress is quite well. I’m afraid it’s not that far from succeeding.”

“His preparations aren’t completed. It’s not so easy to succeed if you act rashly.” Cloud Emperor’s gaze continued observing the Purple Divine Pavilion’s design, “In fact, if it failed, it might return to this Purple Divine Pavilion and continue being the ruler of this internal hall universe.”

When that time comes, the hall spirit wouldn’t need to be distracted anymore. It could focus on controlling everything around the Pill Hall. Everyone in the hall would be vulnerable to him.

“If that’s the case, the current amount of manpower we have wouldn’t be able to stop it even if all of us were to remain here in the Purple Divine Pavilion.” Yan Zhaoge shrugged.

“Then let’s locate it as soon as possible.” Cloud Emperor said plainly, “It’s the rare occurrence where it’s the weakest now.”

After locating him, no matter if it was stopping him, bargaining, or disposing of him, everything could be decided depending on the condition.

If the hall spirit didn’t perish or chose not to surrender, it would be hard for everyone on the spot to refine and take control over the Pill Hall even with the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace.

For a veteran expert like Cloud Emperor that was very used to life and death situation, the best possible outcome would naturally be to dispose of that hall spirit.

Otherwise, the opponent’s advantage in his own home, the Pill Hall universe would be unsurpassable.

This matter involved the Pill Hall and the benefits of the entire Roving Jade Heavens. After Gao Xuebo, Long Xueji and the others knew that Exalted Fire might interfere, they did not hide this news from the Cloud Emperor.

Yan Zhaoge and the others had already predicted this outcome. They didn’t mind it as well. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have contacted the Roving Jade Heavens.

Cloud Conquest Emperor who was of the same era as the Exalted Fire knew exactly what kind of person he was.

However, the precondition was if Suo Mingzhang could reach here in time.

For now, the toughest enemy was the Pill Hall’s hall spirit.

“Let’s decide after we managed to locate it.” Yan Zhaoge’s hands lightly rubbed his temple, “If it wasn’t in the pill storage and wasn’t in the core hub Purple Divine Pavilion, there aren’t many suitable places left for it to conduct the ritual.”

Since the hall spirit left the Purple Divine Pavilion, his control over the Pill Hall would also be reduced, and it wouldn’t be able to do anything it wanted to do.

If it was casually roaming around the hall, it would definitely be noticed by the North Ocean Clone who was located in the central control hub.

Besides, it was too special, and would obviously be separated from the outsiders, which would then allow Yan Zhaoge to lock on to his location the instant his clone locates the hall spirit.

There were only a few places that were hard to tell in the central control centre since they were engulfed in shadows.

In such a place, only two possibilities remain.

One would be the core pill room, while the other would be the medicine storage.

“Fallen Deity possesses the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace, and your understanding towards this place surpasses us both. We would definitely comply with your decision.” The Cloud Emperor smiled lightly and said.

Yan Zhaoge looked at him. He seemed to be smiling whilst also not, and thought in his heart, “This old man is really shameless.”

However, he did not reject the offer. Under the current circumstances, it was a good thing that there were two scouts who would scout ahead of him.

Both parties would benefit from what they need.

“If that’s the case, let’s not delay any further. Let’s go.” Yan Zhaoge nodded and left the Purple Divine Pavilion first.

When he reached the outside of the radiating starry sky, Yan Zhaoge re-distinguished the path. After giving the guidance, the Cloud Conquest Emperor automatically walked at the front without the need to say anything.

The first location that Yan Zhaoge chose was the core pill room.

Within the medicine storage, there should be lots of treasures, spirit grasses, and spirit medicine inside. It would be a pity to not loot them all.

However, in comparison, the possibility of the hall spirit being in the core pill room was higher.

That place was the most suitable location to refine pills with any kind of refining methods within the Pill Hall.

The utmost important matter, for now, was to locate the Pill Hall’s hall spirit as soon as possible.

Otherwise, if he wasn’t careful, and the hall spirit was a step ahead of him, he might not even be able to bring those treasures he looted outside of the Pill Hall alive.

Other than that, Yan Zhaoge knew that the others that were around the outer area were starting to get closer to the core locations which were engulfed in shadows through the North Ocean Clone.

In fact, a part of them had already entered the area engulfed in shadow and was out of the North Ocean Clone’s surveillance.

As the number of people that came in increases, the situation would turn much messier. Yan Zhaoge might also face more uncertainties.

However, in the grand scheme of things, the benefits were much larger than the downsides of it. No matter where they came from, the hall spirit would suffer more as more people entered, as the situation would become much tenser.

Yan Zhaoge mainly relied on the display by the central control centre when walking around the area engulfed in shadows. He remembered the location and paths leading to the area engulfed in shadows.

After that, with the navigation of the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace, the journey was successful, and he managed to locate the pill storage as well as the Purple Divine Pavilion.

This time, Yan Zhaoge had also successfully located the core pill room.

However, there was nothing inside.

Yan Zhaoge wasn’t disheartened by his misjudgment. Instead, he started to contemplate, “This hall spirit is even more anxious than what I expected.”

From the looks of it, after it left the Purple Divine Pavilion, it went to the pill storage to acquire large amounts of divine pills and went to the medicine storage to acquire spirit grasses and spirit medicines.

After that, without being able to reach the core pill room in time, it immediately prepared for the ritual in the medicine storage.

“If that’s the case, it can’t leave the Purple Divine Pavilion for a long time. It takes a huge toll on it to leave that area.” Yan Zhaoge did not continue lingering around. He guided the Cloud Conquest Emperor and his disciple to immediately head back towards the medicine storage.

However, just as they came out from the core pill room, the dark cosmos in front of them suddenly radiated with a few rays of light beams.

When the light beams got near Yan Zhaoge and the others, they started to materialize into a figure and blocked their path.

As both sides fixated their gazes on each other, both sides were slightly surprised. After that, they recovered very quickly.

Yan Zhaoge, Cloud Conquest Emperor, and He Mian’s eyes flickered.

Four figures appeared in front of them, which consisted of two females and two males.

The two women were nothing much of a concern. They were graceful and charming; they could be considered rare beauties. They were very elegant and resembled the spring waters.

However, the faces of the two men beside them were quite garish.

They wore a golden helmet and were equipped with bronze armor. Their shoes were made out of muntjac leather, and on their waist was Three Lion Belt.

Their height was extremely tall. When they were just casually standing there, they resembled two small towers.

Looking above, their eyes were very wide. They had a pair of red brows, a ferocious huge mouth, and two rows of bronze-plated teeth.

No matter how one looks at it, they were two bull demons that took the appearance of a human. Despite that, they still had the characteristics of a bull lingering on their body.

The demonic and bloody aura wasn’t comparable to the normal bulls that fed on grass.

With these two bull-headed fellows beside, the two women looked even more petite.

However, they did not have any trace of transformation. Currently, Yan Zhaoge and the others had their suspicions arose. After observing in a more detailed manner, they could vaguely feel the demonic aura leaking out, which didn’t resemble that of a normal human being.