Chapter 1264 - Transforming Qin Melody To Sword, Entering Dao Through Melody

Chapter 1264: Transforming Qin Melody to Sword, Entering Dao Through Melody

POSTED ON AUGUST 13, 2020 BY MAXIMUS

The three other demons were in a daze when they saw the scene. After that, they felt a chill down their spine.

The opponent already knew that their side had a top-notch expert accompanying them in the journey to the Pill Hall, and yet they still seemed to have no fear when decapitating him.

Since they killed Gao Ling, it meant that they wouldn’t hesitate to kill the other three of them.

The Fox Demon laughed tragically, “Excellent, excellent, excellent! Since all of you dare to kill us, that means all of you still want to fight with our grandfather over this Pill Hall. You’re all digging your own graves, and our grandfather will surely bury you all deep down! We sisters will go a step ahead, and will be waiting for you on the road to hell!”

“Too much blabbering.” The Cloud Conquest Emperor shook his head. He slashed with his sword three times and peacefully pierced the black Bull Demon and the two Fox Demons to death.

Yan Zhaoge said, “Let’s not delay any further. Let’s quickly depart.”

The three of them continued their journey to the medicine storage.

While Yan Zhaoge was advancing, a part of his concentration was on the Cloud Conquest Emperor. He was staying alerted.

For the Cloud Emperor, he desired a top-grade furnace like the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace.

Compared to it, the other resources and treasures in the Pill Hall paled in comparison.

Especially when the legendary Great Demon White Deer was going to interfere other than the hall spirit.

The Cloud Conquest Emperor had experienced a few thousand years of troubles. He had faced many kinds of dangers, and his determination would definitely not waver just because of danger.

However, the benefits received were not comparable to the risks involved. If the risk was very huge, but the rewards were limited, the Cloud Conquest Emperor might not be willing to take the risk without any special reason.

In a way, it would be easier to snatch the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace based on the current circumstances.

Under this kind of situation, Yan Zhaoge would obviously be wary of the master and disciple suddenly causing him troubles.

Otherwise, they might also try to take advantage of Yan Zhaoge when he was fighting against someone else.

The Cloud Emperor said that he wasn’t willing to return empty-handed. If he had the chance to acquire the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace, he wouldn’t be considered returning empty-handed anymore.

The Cloud Conquest Emperor might have killed the four demons himself and seemed as if he had cut off all the possibilities to work together with the demons.

However, this caused Yan Zhaoge to be even warier of them.

With how ruthless and firm the Cloud Emperor’s determination was, it was a different matter if he had no chance. If he had the opportunity, he definitely wouldn’t hesitate to do so.

As for Yan Zhaoge, the thing he truly desired wasn’t the divine pills in the pill storage, nor the spirit medicines in the medicine storage. Those were just things he picked up along the way.

What he truly wanted was the entire Pill Hall.

If he acquired the Pill Hall, the plan which could only be put a halt on would have the possibility of coming true.

The three of them did not say anything. They just transversed quickly through the universe within the Pill Hall.

When they slowly got nearer to the medicine storage area, a graceful Qin [1] melody could suddenly be heard among the void.

However, the Qin melody seemed to form layers and layers of materialized waves. Wherever the ripples reached, the void of the cosmos would cave-in, and turn into nothingness.

Sharp sword intent was radiating from the arc-shaped ripples. It made one feel like their sole was being pierced through.

Yan Zhaoge and He Mian both frowned.

They could clearly feel the threat brought by the sharp sword intent and melody. It seemed to ignore their true essence which was far more extraordinary compared to other human martial arts practitioners.

Their own defense mechanisms were like nothing.

“Tranquil Profound Immortal who wouldn’t be bothered by mortals…” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “Such a fierce and brutal sword intent. Prime Clear Sword Art… Proficient in melody, using swords through Qin…”

He turned around to look at the Cloud Conquest Emperor and He Mian, “Is the person in front the Lofty Sovereign?”

Lofty Sovereign, Zhang Buxu. One of the Roving Jade Seven, similar to Profound Sovereign, Gao Qingxuan and Cloud Emperor, Daoist Cloud Conquest.

He was well known for his proficiency in melody and using the sword through Qin. His style was quite fresh.

“Buxu”, also known as “illusory steps”, was actually the pitch used by Daoists when chanting the scriptures on the sacrificial altar. According to the myths, the melody was like a group of Immortals’ ethereal and illusory footsteps, which was why it was called “sound of illusory steps”.

Lofty Sovereign, Profound Sovereign – Gao Qingxuan and Sword Emperor – Di Qinglian were disciples of the Roving Jade Heaven’s old Grandmaster, Vine Sovereign.

His real name was Zhang Qingchao. Just like Gao Qingxuan and Di Qinglian, they both had a “Qing” in the middle of their name.

After that, because of his outstanding accomplishments after using melody to enter the Dao, people referred to him as the “Illusory Steps Immortal.” His accomplishments in the melody were among one of the best after the Great Calamity.

After that, the name Zhang Buxu was spread further and further, and his original name was mentioned less.

When he finally left the Roving Jade Heavens thoroughly, he didn’t use his original name anymore. Everyone in the world used the name “Zhang Buxu” to refer to him.

“Indeed, it’s Daoist Zhang.” Cloud Conquest Emperor nodded at Yan Zhaoge’s question. His expression was calm, and no changes could be felt from it.

He Mian said softly, “Master. Lofty Sovereign seems to be fighting against someone.”

“Daoist Zhang came here for the Pill Hall as well. Seems like the Pill Hall’s hall spirit is here, and is fighting against Daoist Zhang.” Cloud Emperor’s eyes slightly flickered, “Be careful. We don’t know where that White Deer Demon is yet.”

“The Pill Hall’s hall spirit is conducting the ritual to transfer himself into a human body and is significantly weaker. For now, the White Deer Demon poses much more of a threat compared to it.”

He Mian quickly nodded.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the faraway void and seemed to be in a daze.

They retreated backward to avoid being affected by the Qin melody.

Although the Cloud Emperor wasn’t afraid of it, he still didn’t get close to it.

However, at this moment, the Qin melody suddenly calmed down. A happy voice emerged, “Are you Daoist Cloud Conquest?”

“Daoist Zhang, long time no see. How are you?” The Cloud Emperor replied peacefully.

“Can’t say that I’m doing well.” The other person said sincerely, “I never expected the legendary Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace’s Pill Hall to have not been destroyed yet. I also never expected the hall spirit to gain its own intelligence.”

“Although I can tell that it has some old wounds on it, I still don’t have any confidence in winning. However, it seems to be conducting some kind of ritual and isn’t able to concentrate. It gave me an opportunity. However, I don’t know if I can manage to catch up in time.”

Just as the Lofty Sovereign finished speaking, an ice-cold voice arose, “A bunch of thieves. Trying to take advantage of me in my weakest state. Dream on.”

The coldness in the voice was very chilly and made one shudder.

Within the sound, it contained a robotic monotonous and ice-cold voice. However, it also seemed to possess rage and hatred.

Yan Zhaoge and the others had a weird feeling when they heard the hall spirit speaking just like how any other living beings would.

The Lofty Sovereign ignored the Pill Hall hall spirit. Instead, he continued saying, “Daoist Cloud Conquest, how about helping me out? No matter what kind of discrepancy we had, we should work together now. The abundance of treasures in the Pill Hall will finally belong to our Prime Clear Lineage, our Three Clear Lineage.

“You should know about some things beforehand.” The Cloud Emperor did not hide anything from him, “The leader of the Demon Race this time is really extraordinary.”

“It’s highly possible that it’s the Longevity God’s mount, the White Deer which existed before the Great Calamity in the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace. He’s an ancient demon, and his strength is very overbearing. He’s also familiar with this place’s layout.”

A hint of surprise could be heard in Lofty Emperor’s voice, “Oh? Such an old demon came here personally?”

[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guqin