Chapter 1272 - Taking Control Over The Pill Hall

After hearing the hall spirit’s words, everyone was surprised.

Yue Zhenbei, Zhang Buxu, Nie Jingshen, Yu Ye, and even the Mars Halberd had shocks painted on their faces.

Even Chen Qianhua who seemed uninterested in almost everything looked over with a gaze filled with interest.

He used the Origin Heavenly Scripture to see the past and had witnessed many things.

However, because of his own cultivation, the things he could see were limited.

For Chen Qianhua, even he was interested in what happened within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

However, among all of them, the one that received the most shock was undoubtedly Yan Zhaoge.

After hearing what the hall spirit – Awakened Sky had said, Yan Zhaoge’s pupils wildly contracted.

In the past, when the Great Calamity descended, the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was among the first to have perished. At that time, he as the Martial Repository spirit had also perished because of this. It was also something troubling him for a long time.

At that time, he was engulfed within the sea of the knowledge of martial arts and supreme arts. When he came back to his senses, the scene which filled his eyes was a palm that seemed to cover the entire heaven and earth.

With a palm descending, the Great Calamity came along with it.

From that day onwards, the whole world had changed.

Although everything happened too suddenly, and he wasn’t able to react, he had already remembered what had happened very clearly. He had been thinking about it over and over again for a very long time.

At that time, with the palm signifying the perishment of the great thousand worlds, the palm that landed upon the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace very likely originated from an expert of Buddhism.

Yan Zhaoge was confident that he wouldn’t remember it wrongly.

It was different from what the Pill Hall’s hall spirit had said.

However, Yan Zhaoge felt that the hall spirit – Awakened Sky’s intention wasn’t to distort reality.

Instead, it seemed to be something he blurted out of his mouth under despair and anger.

Or, he didn’t want to see Yan Zhaoge being happy.

Before the Great Calamity, despite not having its own intelligence, the things that happened in its surroundings were engraved within the hall spirit.

Now that the hall spirit possessed his own intelligence, he wasn’t a puppet anymore. These engravings had also become his memories.

The two of their memories were real, and yet they both seemed to be contradicting each other. It might not be because one of them was wrong. Instead, their impressions within their memories might have been wrong. Otherwise, they might have just come in contact with a part of the truth.

“You don’t need to fake the reality and create a story just to boost your ego.” Yan Zhaoge purposely remained calm to provoke the hall spirit – Awakened Sky, “You merely grew some intelligence, and yet you’re constantly mimicking us, and learned some nonsensical stuff. It just makes you look more hilarious if you say this kind of stuff.”

“In our eyes, you’re just an ape that’s mimicking a human, a joke.

Oh,

right. You know what’s an ape, right?”

The hall spirit had lost its actual body. Its voice seemed to be echoing throughout the Pill Hall’s internal universe. However, it was actually confined within the formation laid down by Yan Zhaoge and the others.

The hall spirit got so angry it laughed, “It happened within my Awakened Sky Hall. Thy think I won’t know?”

Yan Zhaoge started thinking after hearing what the hall spirit said. He thought to himself, “No wonder I didn’t know since I’m located within the Martial Repository…”

All of a sudden, multiple thoughts flashed across his mind. He vaguely felt like a necklace that shattered and scattered all around seemed to have found a line, which connected all the pieces together.

However, in front of so many people, it would be difficult to ask for more information from the hall spirit – Awakened Sky.

Yan Zhaoge’s gaze became quiet. He gathered his concentration and decided to settle the matter in front of him first.

With Yue Zhenbei stalling Zhang Buxu, and Long Xueji causing Chen Qianhua unable to advance, Yan Zhaoge and the others had thoroughly relaxed. They could now focus on dealing with the hall spirit – Awakened Sky.

Awakened Sky was furious, “Thine shall not acquire my Pill Hall!”

All of a sudden, the whole Pill Hall seemed to be vibrating.

However, the gas that was confined by the formation was unable to advance forward.

The seal on Yan Zhaoge’s hands was changing continuously. He released many seals, and they all landed within the mist.

At the side, Yan Di, Nie Jingshen, Yu Ye, and Mars Halberd followed Yan Zhaoge’s movements. According to what Yan Zhaoge had told them earlier, they also constantly changed their hand seals and released numerous seals which also sunk into the mist.

The mist slowly transformed into a flashing stream of light.

Within the stream of light, a line of complicated and complex sutra slowly appeared.

Within the formation, steam filled the insides with light shining through them. It was like they were in a divine realm.

As the formation’s power continuously circulated, it slowly reached its maximum. The sutra within the stream of light slowly became clearer and clearer.

Hall spirit – Awakened Sky’s voice resounded again.

“If that’s the case, we shall perish together.”

This time, his voice didn’t contain any emotions of rage or unwillingness anymore. However, an unprecedented ice coldness, and the determination within caused one to shudder. It seemed to make one’s soul frozen.

The sutras within the stream of light started moving around. Like a page of a silk book, it seemed like it was going to be torn apart.

Within the vast cosmos within the hall, the most core area, the Purple Divine Pavilion seemed to be crumbling from within.

Everyone’s expression became serious.

Since they were in the Pill Hall, other than Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang and others that could escape, others would all perish together with the Pill Hall if it were to collapse.

Yan Zhaoge’s facial expression did not change. He just shook his head.

The Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace appeared. With a press of Yan Zhaoge’s palm, the huge furnace immediately oppressed the moving sutras.

After that, sutras started being engraved upon the pill furnace.

Countless radiance shot out everywhere with the pill furnace and the sutras as its center. They shot out of the formation and extended towards the whole cosmos within the Pill Hall. It could be seen anywhere.

After being affected by this, the void outside of the formation had become chaotic.

Even Yue Zhenbei, Zhang Buxu, Long Xueji, and Chen Qianhua who were fighting had lost their footing and got lost within the void.

If one was to look from the outside of the hall, they would see that the whole dark hall would have its color fade, and recover its original White Jade exterior. It shone with a golden radiance, and purple steams were floating around.

The huge door of the hall opened, and streams of air shot out fanatically.

Following these streams of air rushing out, many silhouettes were also rushing outside. They were either chasing someone or escaping from someone. After that, they would disappear in the outskirts of the actual boundless void.

Within the hall, in the chaotic cosmos within the universe, only Yan Zhaoge and the others that laid down the formation still remained calm.

Within the formation, the voice of the hall spirit – Awakened Sky slowly faded. His unwillingness within his tone was also completely cut off.

Yan Zhaoge took a deep breath. He strode forward towards the Profound Sky Purple Golden Furnace. He extended both of his hands, with one finger pointing between his brows and the other pressing against the furnace.

The profound sutras engraved on the furnace seemed to become alive as radiance started flickering. Following Yan Zhaoge’s palm, it reached the middle of his brows like flowing water and disappeared.

“

Hah!

” Yan Zhaoge shouted lightly. Lights flickered within the formation they were at.

However, after the sight, before they had calmed down, they realized that they were in the Pill Hall’s core hub, the Purple Divine Pavilion.

Yan Di and the others looked at each other, and let out a sigh of relief. They all knew what this meant.

Yan Zhaoge had successfully taken control over this hall!