Chapter 1283 - Origins Of World Beyond Worlds

The Concealed Sovereign had already planned his escape route.

The treasured light shook the void and caused the entire universe to freeze. It blocked Yan Zhaoge and the others’ path.

It would be very eye-catching for someone to have a treasured light with such an effect.

Yan Zhaoge had a vague guess within his heart. He looked at the Astro Sovereign.

From his mother – Xue Chuqing, Yan Zhaoge knew that the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries had studied the Heavenly Opening Scripture together. Under the support of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor, they established the World beyond Worlds together.

During that time, they had borrowed a certain treasure’s effect, which allowed them to establish their land in such a huge world like the World beyond Worlds.

At that time, while the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries were all prodigies, they were still at the True Immortal Realm.

It was easier to destroy than construct. Even if they had read the Heavenly Opening Scripture, it was still difficult for them to establish the World beyond Worlds. They needed the help of outsiders.

As for that treasure, the Mars Halberd had unknowingly mentioned about it before when he was having a chat with Yan Zhaoge, which then proves its existence.

However, even Mars Halberd didn’t know what object it was.

The only ones that knew about it might just be those that were involved. The Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei might know of such a treasure, but wouldn’t know its uses as well.

As expected, when Yan Zhaoge looked at the Astro Sovereign with a curious gaze, the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei’s gaze also looked at him.

The Astro Sovereign calmly replied, “During that year, we had borrowed the Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Lord’s Triratna Jade Sceptre’s power in order to establish the World beyond Worlds. After everything was finished, we had finally managed to establish a land of our own.”

“I see.” Yan Zhaoge touched his forehead with his palm.

The Triratna Jade Sceptre. In the past, the Jade Clear lineage’s founder, the Primordial Heavenly Lord used to carry this treasure along with him.

Ever since the Primordial Heavenly Lord had transcended, there was a rumor that he was being worshipped in his dao arena, the Jade Illusory Palace.

After the Great Calamity, the Kunlun Mountain shattered along with the great thousand worlds, and the Jade Illusory Palace disappeared alongside it. The Jade Clear lineage had mostly succumbed to nothingness, and even the treasures within the palace had disappeared. It wasn’t known if they were destroyed or had gone missing.

Now that they heard of the news regarding the Triratna Jade Sceptre, thoughts appeared in Yan Zhaoge and Yue Zhenbei’s mind.

The Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong could understand their feelings.

After all, all of them could be considered to be of the Jade Clear lineage.

In the past, when he heard of this news, just like how Yan Zhaoge and Yue Zhenbei had reacted, it was hard for him to calm down.

“I have no knowledge of where the scepter came from. It was given to us by the Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor,” said Chen Xuanzong.

“New Kunlun, it lives up to its name…” Yan Zhaoge first let out a sigh, and said, “Indeed, Ten Directions Heart’s Will Formation… After every hundred years, which is the period where the heretics’ put up the strongest fight, the World beyond Worlds’ Exalt of Ten Territories would have to gather by the Kunlun Mountain to lay down the Ten Directions Heart’s Will Formation in order to stabilize the disconnection between the World beyond Worlds and the heretics.”

“As expected, this name wasn’t for nothing.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Chen Xuanzong and asked, “Could it be that the Triratna Jade Sceptre is in the World beyond Worlds?”

He was merely curious.

Even if the Triratna Jade Sceptre was really buried within the World beyond Worlds, they wouldn’t be able to obtain it with their current level of cultivation.

“The one within the World beyond Worlds is just a mere imprint. If no accidents happened, the Triratna Jade Sceptre should still be within the hands of the North Star Emperor.” The Astro Sovereign shook his head.

Yan Zhaoge grinned, “So… what was that situation just now?”

“For so many years, Yang Ce had secluded himself within the Kunlun Mountain in order to suppress and stabilize the imprint,” said the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong. “By stabilizing the imprint, he can form a shapeless barrier at the proximity of the World beyond Worlds specifically to prevent the heretics from intruding.”

“Yang Ce understood the imprint the most. He must have studied ways to change the imprint, and utilize the strength of it.”

“Initially, it was prepared as an escape route in case anything happens. Luckily, nothing had happened throughout all these years.”

Chen Xuanzong said quietly, “However, after this, with how complicated the situation gets, it wouldn’t be certain anymore.”

Yan Zhaoge and Yue Zhenbei both nodded.

It wasn’t only the problems about Yan Zhaoge and his mother being the Dim Radiant Emperor and the Bright Connection Emperor’s disciple.

The Exalted Fire Luminary – Suo Mingzhang had caused such huge havoc. The Immortal Court might deploy more manpower to seek revenge.

The future of the World beyond Worlds is unpredictable.

“If that’s the case, let us quickly return. Otherwise, if Heavenly Monarch Jiang were to return, the entire situation might change,” said Yan Zhaoge.

The three of them immediately returned to the World beyond Worlds.

Jiang Shen and Yang Ce were both not present. Currently, Yan Zhaoge can do whatever he wants within the World beyond Worlds.

There were many things which required preparations to be done. Naturally, he would have to utilize his time to prepare for them.

Man proposes but God disposes.

However, the premise is that they would have to work hard first.

…………

The Concealed Sovereign – Yang Ce was forced to escape from the World beyond Worlds.

After traversing for a while within the void, he slowed down.

The wound inflicted by the Astro Sovereign – Chen Xuanzong was heavy and continuous. If it wasn’t taken care of quickly, it might constantly entangle him, and hurt his foundations eventually. In the end, it would be hard to get rid of it.

“Chen Xuanzong really does not waste his time…” Yang Ce smiled and shook his head. He calmed down in order to recuperate.

Despite landing himself in this situation, other than his pale face caused by his wound, he wasn’t feeling defeated nor afraid. Instead, he seemed to be in a carefree mood.

While conditioning his own wound, he burned an earth yellow color talisman.

After the talisman was burned, it turned into green smoke and disappeared.

Yang Ce wasn’t in a rush. He waited patiently.

After god knows how long, he took out another earth yellow color talisman again.

There was nothing on the talisman. Suddenly, vermillion red runes appeared.

After reading the contents of it, Yang Ce kept the talisman and continued his journey.

He wasn’t going at a fast or slow pace. While recovering, he was on his way. After leaving the dao universe which the World beyond Worlds was located at, he reached the boundless outskirts of the void.

After continuing his journey for a few more days, and traversing through layers of space, Yang Ce halted within the void and lit up the talisman once more.

After that, he sat in a lotus position within the void, and quietly conditioned his own body.

This time, he did not wait for too long.

Very quickly, a silhouette appeared in front of him.

There weren’t any signs of the silhouette arriving. There wasn’t any brilliance circulating, nor was there any ripples of strength, or even the aura capable of shaking the heavens and earth.

However, while he seemed to be taking a stroll within the void, he arrived immediately.

The person that came was an old man. From his appearance, he was about fifty to sixty years old. However, he didn’t look very old as well. His expression was stern but seemed benevolent as well as if he was a teacher in a private institute.

This was the most legendary pillar of strength within the World beyond Worlds.

Previously known as the Earthly Sovereign, currently known as the Central Virtuous Earth Lord.

Exalted Earth Luminary, Jiang Shen.

“Congratulations on reaching the Five Qis Unification, and achieving the realm of a Heavenly Monarch.” Yang Ce first saluted him after seeing him and congratulated him.

“No need to be so formal, Daoist Yang.” Jiang Shen’s tone was very kind. He extended his hand to stop Yang Ce.

A thick warmth entered Yang Ce’s body, and immediately dispersed all the cold air that remained within his body.”

“I have failed your request,” said Yang Ce.

The Exalted Earth Luminary slowly shook his head, “Situations always change, and unpredictable things always happen. It’s not just the responsibility of one person.”

Yang Ce asked, “Regarding the matter about Daoist Suo, how is it going?”

The old man shook his head and sighed, “It’s hard to describe.”

“This time, the matter that happened had surpassed our control. Seems like the thing we’ve always been avoiding is becoming true.”