Chapter 1293 - North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor

Chapter 1293: North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor

In the dao universe, not only the two Tranquil Profound Emperors – Yue Zhenbei and Yang Ce seemed to have vanished.

Even the Grand Virtual Immortal – the Exalted Earth Luminary, Jiang Shen seemed to have lost any trace of existence.

The World beyond Worlds, Roving Jade Heavens, and even other lower realms and spaces had vanished altogether.

Within the universe, only the tall and short-haired man seemed to be existing.

As for the Exalted Fire – Suo Mingzhang, he seemed to have ignored everything else in the universe too. He focused his concentration on a faraway place and was constantly expanding.

Jiang Shen wasn’t mad at Suo Mingzhang’s action of ignoring him.

He only had a complicated expression on his face. While he held some commendation for him, he felt more feelings of pity.

“When we were still trying our best to form Two Qis Fused Aura, he had already long passed the True Profound Tribulation.” The Concealed Sovereign – Yang Ce’s voice resounded from the side, “He was fusing the immortal qi, which was the hardest to fuse together with other immortal qis, especially the Evil Qi. And yet, he managed to fuse them together, and become a True Immortal faster than us.”

Yang Ce lowered his head and let out a chuckle, “Now, Chen Xuanzong and I were stuck with the Five Qis Unification. Even you, Daoist Jiang, just had some minor accomplishments in this realm. However, he had already passed the Profound Origin Tribulation for who knows how many years. I really want to know what realm he is in now.”

Jiang Shen remained silent. However, he agreed with Yang Ce’s statement.

He and the Exalted Solar Luminary – Gao Han, the Exalted Lunar Luminary – Ling Qing, and the Exalted Rahu Luminary – Jian Shunhua were people that existed before the Great Calamity. However, even after breaking through the Profound Immortal Realm, they were still left behind by Suo Mingzhang.

When the New Kunlun Nine Luminaries established the World beyond Worlds together, they were all outstanding prodigies despite them being just of the True Immortal Realm.

However, Jiang Shen had never witnessed such a talented person like Suo Mingzhang before the Great Calamity, when martial arts flourished.

Precisely because of this, he felt even more pitiful.

“Fellow Daoist Suo, the words I said just now were all that I wanted to express. It had nothing to do with helping the North Star Emperor,” said Jiang Shen lightly. “You should also sympathize with the North Star Emperor. Why do you have to make things hard for him?”

Within the cosmos, the tremor within space caused by Suo Mingzhang slowly calmed down.

Six extremely magnificent and graceful starlights lit up simultaneously as if someone was descending from the Nine Heavens.

When the six stars appeared, the cosmos lost all phenomenon it had earlier, and Suo Mingzhang wasn’t the only one that genuinely existed anymore.

Wherever the starlights arrived, it seemed to display the heavens and earth within the dao universe.

The sharp killing intent filled up the air. The killing intent was even more frightening than all kinds of life-endangering situations in the past.

From history until now, every person and matter related to war and killing in every single era seemed to have been gathered and was in full display.

An unprecedented ruthless Evil Qi was in full display in front of everyone.

However, it wasn’t leaking out. It was merely being held within a defined boundary.

All of a sudden, the Sword Sovereign – Yue Zhenbei felt as if he had returned to his mortal state before he had pushed open the Immortal Door.

Within the heavens and earth, he fell off the Nine Heavens’ skies and fell back to the ground.

Jiang Shen and Yang Ce were still standing by the skies, looking down upon him.

Behind him, a majestic intent appeared. While its appearance was not visible, it was apparent that he was the world’s ruler.

The skies burst open, and the six stars were arranged in unison as if they were eyes. There weren’t any hints of happiness nor sadness contained within. They were staring at Yue Zhenbei and Yan Zhaoge.

Wherever his gaze fell upon, nothing could escape his inspection. No matter if it’s the World beyond Worlds, the Roving Jade Heavens, or the numerous lower realms.

Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself, “North Star Emperor……”

Yan Zhaoge knew who this person was.

Before the Great Calamity, he had seen him in person before in the Heavenly Court Divine Palace’s Martial Repository.

One of the Four Imperials, North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor!

The one in charge of the Myriad Divine Chart, and the one who was in control of both heavens, earth, and humans. He governs over all the lives in the world and all matters related to wars and fighting – the North Star Emperor!

Before the Great Calamity, he was one of the massive bigwig dao pillars. He was one of the top powerhouses among the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

“I never expected us to meet each other again like this.” Yan Zhaoge retracted his gaze and calmed himself down.

The Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen and the Exalted Concealed Luminary – Yang Ce turned to the six stars hanging by the skies and gave a bow, “Emperor.”

Yue Zhenbei, who stood within the void, and the Exalted Water Luminary – Chen Xuanzong near the World beyond Worlds bowed towards the six stars that weren’t far from the World beyond Worlds, and seemed to exist everywhere, “North Star Emperor.”

Within the Roving Jade Heavens, the Prime Clear bigwigs that weren’t in seclusion felt something and looked towards the six stars within the skies as well. After a short silence, they bowed to it, “North Star Emperor.”

As for those of lower cultivations, they stared at the starlights in the skies blankly. Soon after, they remembered a legend and became very excited.

Most people who didn’t understand the current situation only knew that the person who descended was a legendary figure mentioned in the history of dao.

To the dao martial arts practitioners that existed after the Great Calamity, this was undoubtedly a morale boost for them.

As for those of lower realms, they didn’t understand the reason. They just felt a sense of tranquility. The spirit qi within the heavens and earth were circulating, and the galaxy seems to be interchanging as if everything had become more profound.

In the dao universe, only one person stood within the starlights that engulfed the entire world.

The Exalted Fire Luminary – Suo Mingzhang.

Unlike Yue Zhenbei that seemed to have fallen from the sky, while Suo Mingzhang didn’t have the profundities of him being the only true existence within the universe, he still stood beyond the heavens and earth.

He wasn’t in the sky, nor was he on the earth. He wasn’t in between them as well.

This side of the world was unable to contain him, unable to cover him.

Jiang Shen and Yang Ce looked at Suo Mingzhang and realized that brightness was illuminating on top of Suo Mingzhang’s head. It was extremely dazzling, complex, and profound. It was hard to describe it by using mere words alone.

“No wonder he could kill the heretics in front of the heretic Heavenly Lords and was unstoppable,” said Yang Ce in a praising tone.

Grand Virtual Immortal with Five Qis Unification. Whenever they moved, the sonorous voice of the great dao followed.

On this basis, their next step of cultivation was to converge the Three Flowers Crown step-by-step.

The Three Flowers Converged Crown would enable them to enter an entirely different realm and achieve the Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm. They would be able to cultivate together with the world and get appointed as a Heavenly Lord.

The three flowers also signified the three essentials of a human being – essence, qi, and soul.

Currently, there were two flowers present on top of Suo Mingzhang’s head!

He was a prodigy, and he was solid and firm. With just the Two Flowers Converged Crown, the heretic Heavenly Lords couldn’t do anything to him. Forcefully withstanding his opponents’ attacks, he managed to kill a bunch of Immortal Court experts and managed to retreat safely.

Within the Pill Hall, he managed to break the Wyvern Sceptre of the Longevity God, one of the Heavenly Monarch experts within the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

The White Deer Demon was well-known as the Immortal in the previous era who had survived the transition of an era and survived the Great Calamity. If it weren’t because of other factors that Suo Mingzhang had to be wary of, the White Deer Demon would be long dead already.

Currently, even when facing the North Star Upper Palace Heavenly Sovereign Emperor, Suo Mingzhang was still very calm with the two flowers lit up.

He didn’t salute, nor did he speak. He just stared at the six rays of starlights peacefully.

Within the starlights, a weird melody resounded. It was hard to understand the meaning contained within, but it made one feel extremely natural.

As if the most primitive language in the world should’ve been like that, and the modern words were just an imitation of it.

The six starlights descended and engulfed Suo Mingzhang’s body. They seemed to intend to bring Suo Mingzhang away.