Chapter 1292 - People Of Different Factions Wouldn’T Come To An Agreement With Each Other

Chapter 1292: People of Different Factions Wouldn’t Come to an Agreement With Each Other

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the North Star Emperor, and the Incongruence Divine Mother were remaining by the outskirts.

If the Immortal Court or the Blessed Lands were to carry out a devastating attack towards the World beyond Worlds or the Roving Jade Heavens. Even if they wouldn’t receive attacks of vengeance immediately, they would definitely receive it in the future.

Most of the time, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha would constantly be fighting against each other, keeping each other in check.

If the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was careless, and was unable to free himself from the opponent’s attacks, the three Heavenly Lords of the orthodox daoism would bring about a large-scale massacre within the heretics. While it would cause a destructive impact upon them, it would also destroy their foundations.

With this, the heretics that received such damage wouldn’t be able to win over their opponent.

However, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the others would have to face a huge risk. There was also a possibility that they wouldn’t be able to achieve their goal. If the situation didn’t force them to do so, they definitely wouldn’t do it.

Just like what the Exalted Earth Luminary – Jiang Shen had said, the current situation was very complicated.

There weren’t only the Immortal Courts and Blessed Lands in the world. At least, based on what Yan Zhaoge knew, there were still the Demon Race and the Nine Underworlds.

With all of them present, no one could guarantee things would happen as one wished it to.

Precisely because of this, after the Great Calamity, the almost-extinct Three Clear lineage was able to take advantage of this fragile balance to acquire opportunities which gave them hopes of returning back to their glorious state.

From the looks of it now, it would be hard for the Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands settle down their grudge with each other temporarily to work together in order to deal with the orthodox daoism lineage.

However, as the Three Clear lineage grew stronger, other factions would definitely become wary of their strength.

The internal struggles of different factions of the Three Clear lineage was one of the reasons why the heretics weren’t so worried of the World beyond Worlds, and could tolerate their existence.

Enemy from the outside, and enemy on the inside. This would unknowingly form an alliance, as the enemy of an enemy is an ally.

If the heretics wanted to take action against someone, and another person were to purposely or subconsciously hold the target back, it would form a disguised form of insurance.

The existence and the attitude of the World beyond Worlds allowed the Immortal Court to not pressurise the World beyond Worlds, and tolerated their development until a certain degree.

As for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and others who were outside, they were constantly finding the opportunity to acquire the weakness of the opponent, and opportunities to increase their own strength.

Only, the two factions’ problems in determining the degree of actions, and determining which faction to be the leader was what made them strongly opposing each other.

If it wasn’t for this, and they were merely acting their internal dispute, they wouldn’t be able to fool others. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha weren’t some random people that could be easily fooled.

“The three Heavenly Lords – the North Star Emperor, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the Prime Clear Incongruence Divine Mother existing are definitely our biggest reliance,” said the Exalted Earth Luminary peacefully. “However, the heretics are still very strong after all. We should be careful when dealing with them.”

“Our goal isn’t to perish together with the heretics.”

Yan Zhaoge looked at Jiang Shen, and let out a soft sigh.

Relating his statement from earlier, Yan Zhaoge understood his viewpoint.

Even if the Dim Radiant Emperor and the Bright Connection Emperor had really provided some outstanding contributions, their contributions wouldn’t be announced to the public for now, and even a long time ahead.

Not only that, the killing of their descendants would still go on. They would use this to calm the anger of the Immortal Court, and prevent them from taking revenge upon the entire World beyond Worlds.

Maybe it was because the two emperors had snatched the Heavenly Essence Stone, and had accomplished a great feat. In order to keep this fruit of victory within their possession, they wanted to try their best to avoid any kinds of negative impacts from escalating.

As a result, some sacrifices became inevitable.

“I had roughly understood your opinion. However, forgive me for not complying to it. You treat others differently compared to treating yourself.” Yan Zhaoge raised his brows slightly, “One reason being this matter involves the lives of my mother and I. Another reason is that if you were to do this, while it might sacrifice less people to grant survival to more people, you had also sacrificed many kinds of indescribable stuff.”

“We always say that as long as we live, there will be hope. However, if some indescribable things are sacrificed and cut off, it would be hard to recall it back again.”

Yan Zhaoge breathed out, “The term ‘to live shamefully is better than to die’ might be a reasonable term for normal citizens. However, for us martial art practitioners, it’s not a good term.”

Jiang Shen was slightly speechless.

The Concealed Sovereign – Yang Ce who was previously only remaining silent while smiling suddenly said, “If that’s the case, then on one hand, everything happening in secret to prevent news from leaking is because the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s illumination is too domineering. On the other hand, isn’t it also because of this?”

“If it wasn’t for all of you doing things beyond our expectations, it wouldn’t turn out to be such a huge matter.”

Yan Zhaoge said plainly, “Indeed, those below the Exalted Martial Saint Realm don’t know anything about it. However, those that achieved the Exalted Realm, and those that had pushed open the Immortal Door would eventually know about it. I had already come in contact with the World beyond Worlds’ Three Sovereign Five Emperors, Exalts of Ten Territories. They weren’t biased towards anyone, so there’s no need to mention those that didn’t approve of your actions.”

“As for those that completely agreed with all of you, including you two inside, how many of you are able to maintain your clear heart constantly? How many of you have a determined will, and are able to differentiate between tolerating and escaping reality?”

Yang Ce wasn’t angry. Instead, he chuckled, “As expected, people of different factions wouldn’t come to an agreement with each other. Pity, pity.”

“What you said isn’t unreasonable,” said Jiang Shen calmly, “Moralities are always the same. However, how many people can differentiate clearly between enthusiastically going forward, and rashly rushing forward?”

Yan Zhaoge also smiled.

For someone as old as the Exalted Earth Luminary that had experienced so many different matters, how could his beliefs waver so easily?”

In the end, everything would be the same.

Those of different factions would never come to an agreement with each other.

Seeing the North Ocean Clone’s expression, Jiang Shen knew that while the person in front of him was young, he had his own opinions.

He shook his head in pity. He turned his head and looked at the Exalted Fire Luminary that was sitting within the void, and seemed like he was resting his eyes, “Before the Fallen Deity, the most outstanding martial art practitioner I had seen was Daoist Suo. You won me numerous times in terms of talents. Sadly, he was the one that brought the disaster upon our Three Clear lineage.”

“Daoist Suo, you might have seemed very cool after venting out your anger. However, you just cared about your own satisfaction, and we have to bear the burden you brought upon us.

“Not only the World beyond Worlds and the Prime Clear lineage’s Roving Jade Heavens. Even the dao universe we are in might also face a huge danger.”

Jiang Shen’s gaze became serious, “If we aren’t careful in this disaster, every ounce of effort done after the Great Calamity would be put to waste.”

Suo Mingzhang opened his eyes, and stared at Jiang Shen calmly.

Jiang Shen stared at him, “I had already known you for a few thousand years. You’re used to being alone, and shouldering all kinds of burdens on your own shoulders. However, the heretics wouldn’t care about these. They would only hold a grudge against everyone of the orthodox daoism lineage.”

“Currently, the heretics are very domineering. We have yet to accumulate enough force to fight against them. Even if the North Star Emperor and the others attack the heretics, it would only be considered revenge. It wouldn’t help our Three Clear lineage’s destroyed foundations.”

Suo Mingzhang stood up from the void.

He didn’t look at Jiang Shen anymore.

“If the North Star Emperor has a message he wants to deliver, why not say it himself? There’s no need to announce it through Jiang Shen’s mouth.”

As he got up, the entire dao universe seemed to tremble.

Within the universe, everything seemed to have vanished. Only Suo Minhzhang remained, and only he was real.