Chapter 1708: I’M Seeking A Fight

Chapter 1708: I’m Seeking A Fight

Hearing what Qu Su said, the Buddha immediately sighed, “I’m here because of the order of the Buddha Ancestor. Please think twice.”

“I have been waiting for this day, and I have been thinking about it day and night. I can’t stop thinking about it, and I have already thought deeply about it.” Qu Su replied, “I must take revenge for my teacher.”

His master, Sword Buddha, died about 400 years ago when Yan Zhaoge and other Daoism folks went to Jade Spring World to search for the Immortal Trapping Sword.

Qu Su himself was at the scene, watching Sword Buddha die in front of him but could not stop it.

Later, when Yan Zhaoge and others were looking for the Immortal Exterminating Sword, Qu Su also fought with them and returned in defeat.

Since then, Qu Su stayed in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, devoted himself to cultivation, and even participated less in the heretics battle between the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Immortal Court.

“Why do you have to be so stubborn?” Buddha sighed across from him.

Qu Su replied indifferently, “I’m my master’s disciple after all.”

This remark had two meanings, not only referring to his relationship with Sword Buddha but also referring to the stubbornness that master-and-disciple had against solid opponents.

Sword Buddha was obsessed with exploring and advancing his swordsmanship in the past and spent his whole life studying it. In the end, he entered the Buddhism heretics.

Qu Su was calm and indifferent most of the time, but he was as stubborn as Sword Buddha in some matters.

The martial art path in which the masters-and-disciple duo pursued violated Buddhism’s doctrine: Greed, wraith, and stubbornness.

Even if they had accomplished enlightenment, they were still considered anomalies in the eyes of Buddhism, even heretics.

However, perhaps it was precisely because of those characteristics that their swordsmanship was born and developed.

Its intricacy put the world into admiration, and it was unpredictable.

“I know senior brother wants to avenge for the master, but the Prime Clear Lineage’s descendants aren’t what they used to be. So it will be hard for you to see them. Once they go into hiding, you can’t do anything about it.” So the Buddha persuaded, “Let’s forget about Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, and Feng Yunsheng. Among the Prime Clear’s descendants, there is still the Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity, Ne Zha, who will stop you from taking revenge.”

The persuading Buddha only mentioned that there were many Daoism masters, which would stop Qu Su from seeking revenge from Yan Zhaoge’s group. He didn’t even mention that Yan Zhaoge possessed the Golden Body of the Great Sage, capable of summoning the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form.

However, even if he didn’t mention it, Qu Su should be well-aware of it.

He didn’t say it because he didn’t want Qu Su to be further embarrassed.

But the young man in monk robe (Qu Su) with a worried look in front of the persuading Buddha looked calm and indifferent as if he was unfazed.

He paused for a while and then said, “Ne Zha went to the Western Pure Lands’ heretics to seek revenge and challenge the Archaic Dipankara Buddha. Even the Lotus Dissemination Buddha also went there, waiting for an opportunity to end the karma with Ne Zha, but…

*Sigh*!

“

Hearing this sigh, Qu Su knew that the result was probably the Lotus Dissemination Buddha who had perished instead.

“The karma and fate are designated in that way. I’m in the same shoes with Brother Jin Zha.” Qu Su said calmly, “No matter if it’s Yan Zhaoge or the others from Three Clear Lineage, it’s all fated if I perish in their hands.”

The Buddha persuaded Qu Su further, “Even if my senior brother is obsessed with this, then you must treat this as an obstacle to overcome. There is no need to be so impatient. Patience is our virtue, after all. Our Buddha Ancestor will make arrangements, and there will always be opportunities.”

“There’s no need to wait any longer.” Qu Su said, smiling slightly, “I can feel that after my seclusion, I have reached my peak in the Grand Heavenly Realm. I won’t get stronger than how I am now.”

“There’s no hope for me to attain Dao Realm. If the karma involving my teacher isn’t resolved, I will regress in my cultivation if the time delays further.”

Qu Su took off the long sword hanging from his waist, drew the blade out of the sheath, looked at the sword-light reflected like water, and said softly, “Right now, it’s the most suitable time.”

Qu Su turned his head to look at the persuading Buddha. He smiled and said, “Buddha Ancestor is almighty, so he knows my current situation.”

As a matter of fact, Qu Su was important to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Since he didn’t participate much in the major affairs, his status was only second to the Maitreya Buddha in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

But in terms of combat strength, he was the number one Buddha in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and the strongest existence under the Future Buddha.

Over the years, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had become powerful, suppressing the Immortal Court. As a result, the Immortal Court had a hard time, but they continued to survive.

A considerable part of the reason was that Qu Su seldom participated in the fights. Otherwise, the Immortal Court would be in a deeper mess.

If Qu Su perished in the hands of Daoism, it would naturally be a massive loss to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Maitreya Buddha also knew that if he suppressed Qu Su and didn’t let him go, this “Buddha sword” would naturally wear out and become weaker and weaker, which was equivalent to a waste of talent.

So, even after knowing that Qu Su might suffer a terrible fate there, Maitreya Buddha remained silent and just let him go.

“The world is impermanent. Maybe my enemies will fall into the hands of others tomorrow. Maybe I will survive and live in mediocrity. One day, I will see their demise and even take the opportunity to make things harder for them.” Qu Su said slowly, “Or maybe, they will drag the weak me out of a corner where I was hiding.”

When the persuading Buddha heard those words, he wanted to say something. Unfortunately, his lips moved, but no words came out from it.

“That’s not what I want.” Qu Su smiled, “I shall avenge my master, die in the hands of other Prime Clear’s descendants, or die in the hands of the enemy. I don’t mind the outcome.”

“Right now, when I am the strongest, I will do my best to end all the karma myself. This is what I want.”

After saying that, he pushed the long sword back into the sheath and then nodded to the brethren in front of him. He stood on his white lotus and slowly rose to the air.

The persuading Buddha looked at Qu Su with complicated eyes. He then said after a brief silence, “The person who killed the Lotus Dissemination Buddha isn’t Ne Zha, but Yan Zhaoge.”

After killing the Lotus Dissemination Buddha, Yan Zhaoge didn’t stop the Buddha light from returning to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

For Yan Zhaoge, there was no need to cover up his act in killing the heretics.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation’s deterrence, even if a stronger heretic expert came to take revenge, the highest level would be at Grand Heavenly Realm. There was no way that the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord or the Future Buddha would personally make a move.

Hence, it was fine to let the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus know who did the murder.

“Yan Zhaoge?” Qu Su’s eyes lit up slightly, “Is he near the heretical Western Pure Lands?”

“I don’t know where he is now, but the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner may have surfaced in the public’s eye. He is probably going to find this treasure together with other Prime Clear Lineage’s descendants.” The Buddha advised, “Brother, you might as well go and have a look.”

“There are now many masters there, and the situation is chaotic. The major forces are occupied with each other. On the contrary, it will help you find Yan Zhaoge to take revenge.”

After Qu Su thanked the persuading Buddha, he sat down on the white lotus cross-legged. Then, the white lotus carried him and flew out of this Buddhist Kingdom, out of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.