Chapter 1709: Two Ne Zha

Chapter 1709: Two Ne Zha

Qu Su left the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and came to the place where the competition for the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner took place.

Although the distance was far, Qu Su had reached the outer area of the battlefield in a flash, given his cultivation at the Grand Heavenly Realm.

However, due to the intense battle in the battlefield area, the time and space were chaotic. So, he could only approach slowly.

At this time, Yan Zhaoge and Ne Zha had already entered the area.

Devilish qi, demonic qi, Buddha light, and even Daoism’s Clear Qi occupied this area. The qis collided with each other intensely.

Unable to hold back, Ne Zha stepped on the Wheels of Wind and Fire and raised his Fire-tipped Spear. His whole body seemed to be transformed into a fire dragon, dashing forward in a rampant manner.

The raging flames were everywhere. Devilish qi, demonic qi, and Buddha light were all burned into crips and turned into fuel for the flames.

The oppressive aura deterred many opponents, and they were restrained for a while.

But soon, an unexpected person stood in front of Ne Zha.

The rolling thunder swept in, colliding with the flames all over Ne Zha. The thunder and fire intertwined with the thunder burst, and the flames flew in all directions.

Amidst the field of thunder, an old man in Daoist robes who wore a crown was standing beyond the Nine Heavens. The bolts of lightning were like chariots carrying him, along with wreaths of fragrant clouds scattered about. This was a Jade Clear lineage pathway, one created on his own accord.

“Senior Uncle Southern Extremity?” Ne Zha was startled when he saw the other party.

However, he soon noticed bolts of thunder storming in a farther place. They remained orderly as they established the chaos. The lightning brought changes to space which caused the Five Elements to circulate, the myriad to germinate, and the yin and yang to intertwine, interchanging day and night along with various other subtle laws.

There was also clearly a Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortal wearing a crown and Daoist robes.

Are there two Southern Extremity Longevity Emperors in this world?

That’s naturally impossible.

“Shadow Devil, it’s you!” Ne Zha reacted immediately, infuriated.

No wonder when he came into contact with the thunder, he felt that it contained the concepts of distortion and rage.

The “Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor” in front of him was transformed from the Wood Devil and Shadow Devil, one of the six Extinct Devils.

It was different from Yang Jian’s Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts. Shadow Devil was like a shadow that came true. Not only did he perfectly replicate the opponent’s appearance, but he also adopted the target’s strength level.

However, due to how his arts operated, his foundation was still at a devil’s nature if he replicated a similar cultivation realm from the target. Thus, once he made a move, he would be exposed.

“Congratulations to fellow Daoist Ne Zha for your return from the calamity.” The “Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor” smiled, greeted Ne Zha, and then nodded at Yan Zhaoge, “

Oh

, fellow Daoist Yan is here too.”

Yan Zhaoge stared at the opponent, frowned.

Ne Zha also noticed that something was wrong. The “Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor” appeared on the opposing side changed rapidly from an old man with a majestic face to a handsome young man with red lips and white teeth.

But this wasn’t a rejuvenation art because the appearance of that young man was Ne Zha himself!

The same lotus body and the same Circle of Yin Yang on the head. The new “Ne Zha” wielded a Fire-tipped Spear in his hand, the Wheels of Wind and Fire with both feet, and the Chaotic Heavenly Twill around the arms.

Seeing this, Ne Zha was furious, “Vile devil, you are courting death!” He immediately stabbed with his spear.

The opposing young man smiled, “Fellow Daoist, what a splendid attack. Let me entertain you.”

While laughing, he blocked Ne Zha’s spear with the replicated spear.

The two spears collided, and both their bodies trembled simultaneously. It seemed there wasn’t a victor in this exchange of blows.

Ne Zha was even more furious, exerting his Wheels of Wind and Fire to the limits and raising his speed to an unimaginable level. It was as if he had manifested thousands of incarnations, surrounding the enemy with his onslaught.

However, after Shadow Devil changed Ne Zha’s appearance, his speed seemed to have caught up with Ne Zha, blocking and parrying Ne Zha’s attacks one by one.

At the end of the fight, the fake Ne Zha was one step faster, raising the replicated Circle of Yin Yang and smashing it on the head of the real Ne Zha!

Generally speaking, Wood Devil’s method of turning a shadow into reality could only change into the opponent’s appearance and couldn’t copy the opponent’s treasures.

But Ne Zha’s situation was unique. Many of his treasures experience life and death situations with him in the past. They shared the same fate with him as if part of his body. To a certain extent, the treasures were like his nails and hair.

This significantly boosted his maneuver on these treasures and raised the treasures’ might.

However, it had become a disadvantage at this moment. When the Shadow Devil changed Ne Zha’s appearance, he could also manifest these treasures together, using them as if they were real.

Ne Zha looked at the Circle of Yin Yang that was smashing brightly on his head. He was infuriated as he retaliated with the real Circle of Ying Yang.

The two Circles of Yin Yang spun together in mid-air, colliding with each other, not giving way to each other. The continuous collision sounded,

bang! Bang! Bang!

Ne Zha first sent his Circle of Yin Yang, then threw the gold bricks at the opponent’s head.

However, when the opposite “Ne Zha” saw this, he sent another gold brick over to retaliate.

Two golden lights collided in mid-air. Under a loud “

bang

“, the void trembled.

The bright red Chaotic Heavenly Twill on the fake Ne Zha’s arm shook like a long rainbow and rolled towards Yan Zhaoge.

Before Yan Zhaoge could make a move, the real Ne Zha’s Chaotic Heavenly Twill also came slapping toward the fake red twill like a whip. The opponent’s red twill seemed to come alive and turned its trajectory in mid-air, like a strange python dodging away from the attack.

The two red twills were animated. They kept fighting each other in the air with none of them could do anything to each other.

“Fellow Daoist Yan, quickly help my senior master and senior uncle.” Ne Zha shouted, “I want to compete with this devil!”

Ne Zha gave it all into the fight. As he trembled his body, he had conjured the alternate form with three heads and six arms. His power spread to the cosmos, deterring the surrounding people away.

At the same time, the opposite “Ne Zha” also manifested three heads and six arms with equal momentum.

The two of them fought immediately, and the world seemed to have turned upside down. None could get close to the proximity of their battlefield.

Yan Zhaoge looked into the distance. The Shadow Demon replicated as a Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and fought one of the Four Imperials of Daoism. With Ne Zha coming here, he turned into Ne Zha again and fought against Ne Zha.

Even so, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor also had a new opponent.

The powerhouses of different factions colluded, putting the ongoing battlefield into further chaos.

In the center of the battlefield, the focus of everyone’s attention was at a hazy and illusory nebula.

Affected by the battles, the nebula was close to being fragmented.

In the center of the nebula, the golden light was faintly visible. There seemed to be a golden lotus flower and black soil looming in the golden light.

“Is that the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner?” Yan Zhaoge was occupied in thoughts, and a sudden bad premonition surfaced in his mind.

He looked up subconsciously. Many people on the battlefield, including the two Ne Zhas, were acting the same as him.

At this moment, the void suddenly split open, and a Buddha appeared.

Five-Colored Divine Radiance circulated the Buddha.

It was Mahamayuri!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.