Chapter 1702: Ending The Karma

Chapter 1702: Ending the Karma

Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, the Jade Clear Lineage’s treasure with a long history, had always retained the same rank with the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, and Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag. It had a solid defence that was unique in all eras.

Even Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance couldn’t break through it.

For the current situation, the defence treasures were the special chips to deal with Mahamayuri.

At first, the Western Pure Lands didn’t care because they already had the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

They tried to find Sakyamuni Sarira to get Mahamayuri working for them.

However, during the previous search for sarira, they lost the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, which fell into the hands of Daoism.

On the other hand, the sarira was in the hands of the hostile demon race.

So Western Pure Lands weren’t confident in facing Mahamayuri anymore.

Sure enough, Amitabha could naturally subdue Mahamayuri. However, in the confrontation against East Sovereign Taiyi or other Dao Realm’s bigwigs, he might not have time to monitor Kong Xuan.

As a result, the Buddhism bigwigs such as Archaic Dipankara Buddha had to find a solution.

The solution was to either possess the Sakyamuni Sarira that Mahamayuri craved or have something to replace the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

The Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, whose whereabouts had been unknown, had naturally become the target which the Western Pure Lands pursued.

Yang Jian, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and Daoism bigwigs had all been looking for the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner tirelessly over the years as well.

Everyone had searched for treasures for many years, but the gains were relatively limited.

Yang Jian found some clues, but when he tried to find the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, he was disturbed by the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

The opponents would want to stop their competitors from getting it if they couldn’t get it themselves.

It was quite common for such incidents to happen. It wasn’t just Archaic Dipankara Buddha who would do this.

So everyone was worried, and they couldn’t go all out. They were always on guard against the possibility that others might intervene. At the same time, they were also trying to find more precise clues to find the whereabouts of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner without being obstructed by others.

A few years ago, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha found some clues about the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

Then, Yang Jian intervened like a tooth for a tooth.

As for avoiding Yang Jian’s and orthodox Daoism’s detection, it became a problem before the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

This time, Western Pure Lands and orthodox Daoism had attracted a lot of attention because of the battle between Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Ne Zha.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha secretly made a deal with the Nine Underworlds.

One of the transactions involved Nine Underworlds looking for the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner on their behalf.

Western Pure Lands weren’t worried that the Nine Underworlds would take the treasure for themselves.

On the one hand, Nine Underworlds already had the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag. On the other hand, the Buddhism bigwigs had an important bargaining chip that the Nine Underworlds cared about.

In this way, it appeared to be Archaic Dipankara Buddha finally accepting Ne Zha’s challenge.

However, the people involved in this game were far more than the two. The place to decide the outcome wasn’t in Western Pure Lands.

Even if Archaic Dipankara Buddha lost to Ne Zha or even got injured because of it, he could accept it as long as the injury wouldn’t hinder him in the next game involving Nine Underworlds.

The potential threat of Mahamayuri and the value of winning over the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner naturally need not be said.

However, Yan Zhaoge pointed things out openly, so much so that Archaic Dipankara Buddha had a bad premonition in his heart.

It was a pity that at this time that Yan Zhaoge waved at him, like saying goodbye, “Alright, let fate decide it.”

“Slowly wait for your fate in getting the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, Archaic Buddha.”

With the voice echoing, the figures of Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, and Ne Zha all disappeared in the void. Due to the Buddha light, they were forcibly repelled out of the Western Pure Lands.

However, Yang Jian still remained in the Western Pure Lands.

“Since you have requested the Origin Heart Devil to welcome Junior Ne Zha, then I shall pay my respect to you for Ne Zha,” said Yang Jian. He readied his Three-Pointed Double-edged Saber with its sharp blade pointed at Archaic Dipankara Buddha and then slashed out!

This attack was much more ferocious than Ne Zha’s, forcing the Archaic Dipankara Buddha to deal with it in full focus. He had no time to think about the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner anymore.

Meanwhile, the Yan Zhaoge trio was thrown out from the Western Pure Lands.

What troubled Yan Zhaoge now was that he was separated from Yan Di and Ne Zha under the Buddha light’s influence.

The three of them were repelled from the Pure Lands’ together, but they had entered different times and spaces.

Yan Zhaoge was even using the improved Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual to help Ne Zha suppress the mutation brought by the Origin Heart Devil. Unfortunately, the time and space shift just now disrupted his progress.

Luckily, the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual was under Yan Zhaoge’s improvement over the years, and its efficacy had improved a lot.

The Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual was much simpler to set up. It didn’t require too much material. Yan Zhaoge could prepare it quickly, and the stability had greatly improved.

Before Yan Zhaoge separated from Ne Zha, he still managed to keep the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual on Ne Zha.

Even if he wasn’t guarding beside Ne Zha, the ritual could still run independently.

However, the situation was much more conducive for the Origin Heart Devil and other Nine Underworlds devils to act since they had left the Western Pure Lands.

Yan Zhaoge would still need to find Ne Zha as soon as possible, just in case.

With the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual as a guide, it wasn’t too difficult for Yan Zhaoge in the search.

He zipped through the void and soon located Ne Zha.

However, the sight in front of him made Yan Zhaoge frown slightly.

Ne Zha was in the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual, surrounded by halos that were spinning non-stop. The black qi was still diffusing out from his body, but the qi was temporarily trapped and suppressed.

Ne Zha’s face was rather gloomy because of the disturbance from the Heart Devil.

His eyes were unkind, staring at the figure in front of him.

It was also a Buddha, but slightly different from the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Vajrapramardi Buddha, and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva in Western Pure Lands, who sat on a green lotus.

Under the Buddha was a white lotus pedestal.

The Buddha light circulating him also revealed that he was a heretic Buddha from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. They were the enemies of the Buddhist Bhante in the Western Pure Lands.

But now, this Buddha appeared in front of Ne Zha, who was temporarily unable to move. He seemed to have the same bad intentions.

“Jin Zha…” Ne Zha said slowly, “No, maybe it’s more appropriate to call you Lotus Dissemination Buddha?”

[TN: Eldest brother of Ne Zha.]

The Buddha sitting on the white lotus said indifferently, “It’s just a title, and it doesn’t matter.”

“Just as I hated Immortal Court heretics, I thought you and Western Pure Lands hated each other deeply.” Ne Zha said, “But if you didn’t collude with them, I don’t think you will wait for me here.”

“Our path is indeed different, but there can also be traces that I want to erase and the karma that I want to end.” The Buddha added, “For example, you.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.