Chapter 1705 - Undefeated

Chapter 1705: Undefeated

Yan Zhaoge captured the Lotus Dissemination Buddha, also known as Jin  Zha. However, he did not deal the killing blow immediately but came to  Ne Zha.

Ne Zha felt complicated about it as he looked at the Lotus Dissemination Buddha.

Lotus Dissemination Buddha coughed continuously because of his injury, but his expression became a little more peaceful.

“Today seems to be the day to end the karma between you and me.  Although it’s you who will be ending my life, it’s not me who ends you.”  The Lotus Dissemination Buddha sighed, then stopped looking at Ne Zha,  and turned to Yan Zhaoge with difficulty, “Young Heavenly Lord, a  well-deserved prestige.”

“Unfortunately, I didn’t know that you have created the martial art  path of Fallen Deity Sword. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be allowed to grow  to where you are today.” Buddha said softly, “Luckily, the fates are all  equal, and it won’t be too biased. I believe you have faced many  challenges in nurturing your swordsmanship. If it can be generalized, it  will be a great threat to my central Blessed Lands of Saha and those  Immortal Court devils.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Even without my Fallen Deity Sword, how can your path go far?”

“Indeed, the Three Clear Lineages have acquired Immortal  Extermination Formation, giving you all some breathing space to  recover.” The Lotus Dissemination Buddha nodded, “Also, your cultivation  realm has advanced by leaps and bounds.”

The Buddha looked up to the sky and sighed, “You should never be allowed  to stir up chaos in the Immortal Court so that we won’t be too tolerant  of you. It’s too late now, granting your faction a spot on the world  stage.”

“If I had known this earlier, I would have tried to suppress you with  the Immortal Court first. I could have avoided what happened today, but  it’s meaningless to talk about it now.”

As the Lotus Dissemination Buddha spoke, he shook his head again and again.

“Stop.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “Maitreya Buddha does have the right to  say those words, but you’re too complacent. You’re incomparable in the  comparison of the Immortal Court, Western Pure Lands, and the demon  races faction.”

“Your heretical means may have convinced those in a lower realm.  However, we’re already at this level, aren’t we all full-aware of what  exactly it is?”

Lotus Dissemination Buddha was not annoyed when he heard those  remarks. Instead, he smiled slightly, “The Blessed Lands of Saha have  experienced changes in the past. There are karmas within as we have  journeyed this far. You don’t judge someone to be weak merely on combat  prowess and techniques. Otherwise, your Three Clear Lineage was so weak  back then, how can you all go this far?”

The Buddha closed his eyes, “It’s just that my end is today.”

“Jin Zha, this is the end. Let’s stop the babbling.” Ne Zha said at  this time, “As you said, since you came to me today to end the karma,  then it will fulfill your request.”

After saying that, Ne Zha looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Fellow Daoist, please give him a clean death. Don’t humiliate him.”

“Although the Lotus Dissemination Buddha took advantage of the  situation and troubled my brother this time, I can still grant him the  last respect.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the Lotus Dissemination Buddha and  said, “Fellow Daoist…”

After all, his palm lit up with fire.

“Namo Maitreya Buddha.” Lotus Dissemination Buddha uttered Buddhism’s  doctrine with his eyes closed. His Buddha light gradually dissipated,  and his final breath was drawn. Every piece of vigor dispersed in the  flames of Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

The Buddha figure became smaller and smaller and finally disappeared.

After the flame was extinguished, there was only one sarira left in Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

Yan Zhaoge handed the sarira to Ne Zha, in which he took it over emotionally and sighed.

Since ancient times, his relationship with Jin Zha and Mu Zha had  been poor because of Li Jing. It was hard to call them brothers.

Afterward, for various reasons, everyone was safe and sound.

As time passed, their grievances and entanglements gradually faded.

Although Jin Zha had already entered the Blessed Lands of the White  Lotus heretics during the Great Calamity, he didn’t intervene when  Daoism was under catastrophe.

Mu Zha lived in the Western Pure Lands with the two masters,  Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva. He was also  not involved in the Great Calamity.

So Ne Zha just hated Li Jing and Archaic Dipankara Buddha deeply, not Jin Zha and Mu Zha.

It was a pity that he had to end the karma involved with them in the end.

Mu Zha and Li Jing had a deep father-son relationship. Once Ne Zha killed Li Jing, they were at odds with each other.

Jin Zha parted ways with Li Jing and Mu Zha early, but their factions  were enemies with each other in the end. So the fight between them was  inevitable in the end.

Ne Zha had mixed feelings for the entire ordeal.

Yan Zhaoge came to Ne Zha’s side and put a hand on Ne Zha’s back.

As the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual rotated, it enveloped Ne  Zha and kept spinning. As a result, the surrounding black qi began to  fade.

“Daoist Brother stays calm, and they can’t do anything to us,” said Yan Zhaoge.

“Yeah.” Ne Zha calmed down, nodded in response, and meditated  cross-legged in the void. With the help of Yan Zhaoge, he resisted the  trickery that the Origin Heart Devil had previously imposed on him.

“Western Pure Lands repelled us out of their space. So I don’t think  it will only be Jin Zha waiting here to trouble us.” Ne Zha added,  “Since the Origin Heart Devil wants to plot against me, the Nine  Underworlds’ devil should have set up ambushes here.”

Nine Underworlds’ transaction with the Western Pure Lands involved  delivering the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner to Western Pure Lands.

Nine Underworlds would uphold their ends in this trade. First, they  already had the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag. Second, they had the Nine  Underworlds seawater, restraining the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.  So it wasn’t surprising that Nine Underworlds would fulfill their role  in handing this treasure to Western Pure Lands for the sake of their  benefits.

However, if there were a chance to manifest a Lotus Devil Prince or  Lotus Devil Lord from the Lotus Third Crown Prince Ne Zha, like the  Six-Eared Macaque incident, Nine Underworlds would undoubtedly be more  than happy to make it happen.

In this regard, Ne Zha would belittle himself.

A Devil Lord with exactly the same strength as him would be a  strategic battle resource comparable to the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot  Banner. Therefore, it was worthy of the Nine Underworlds to invest their  resources into it.

After all, with Ne Zha’s strength, he could fight Archaic Dipankara  Buddha recklessly, even in an environment like Western Pure Lands.

If Nine Underworlds used Ne Zha’s Heart Devil to create a Great  Devil, the created devil would even have the monstrous Evil Qi that once  overwhelmed Ne Zha.

Ne Zha’s abundance in Evil Qi and killing thoughts was unprecedented.  The Great Devil born through him would even be more potent than him.

However, the Nine Underworlds’ plan fell through because of Yan Zhaoge and the Chaotic Heavenly Devil Slaying Ritual.

But the opponent could come attacking at any second.

When the Lotus Dissemination Buddha attacked just now, Ne Zha was also worried that devil powerhouses were around.

“There are indeed Great Devils infesting this universe.” Yan Zhaoge  smiled slightly, “But Zhuo Jing has been guarding outside the Western  Pure Lands, we can be worry-free about it.”

Feng Yunsheng’s perception of the devil was more acute than others.

Nine Underworlds devils were divided into two groups. The first group  was tasked to seek the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, and the other  group was to come to attack this place. However, it would be difficult  to break through Feng Yunsheng’s line of defense.

“I want to thank you and fellow Daoist Feng this time.” Ne Zha turned  to look at the Western Pure Lands, “Unfortunately, even though I was  full of confidence, I failed to end the Archaic Dipankara Buddha there.”

“It doesn’t matter.” Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “The outcome of this  round hasn’t yet been decided. The real battle is about the Earthly Yin  Yang Apricot Banner.”