Chapter 1713: Sore Loser

Chapter 1713: Sore Loser

Yan Zhaoge activated the Green Lotus Treasured Flag in his hand, and the white air and golden light immediately enshrouded the void, blocking off the path for the Nine Underworlds’ Great Devil and Buddhism’s Bhante.

Seeing the Green Lotus Treasured Flag activated, Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and other Buddhist powerhouses had bitter faces.

It was originally their Western Pure Lands treasure.

“Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, excuse me for today.” Yan Zhaoge laughed, “But Amitabha should be helping the Archaic Dipankara Buddha right now. I’m afraid he doesn’t have the time to care about what happens on our side, for the time being, gracing me a chance today.”

Even in the Western Pure Lands, it was difficult for Archaic Dipankara Buddha to deal with Yang Jian alone.

Throughout the Blessed Lands, only Amitabha and Mahamayuri could help Dipankara Buddha stop Yang Jian.

Since Mahamayuri was here, he couldn’t be helping the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

In fact, even if he was still in the Western Pure Lands, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha without Sakyamuni Sarira could not move him.

As such, the only person who could help the Archaic Dipankara Buddha was Amitabha.

If it weren’t for this, Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t have used the Green Lotus Treasured Flag to deal with the Buddha bigwigs without scruples. After all, this behavior was too taunting.

Even the calm Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and other Buddhist bigwigs found it gloomy after looking at the Green Lotus Treasured Flag in Yan Zhaoge’s hands.

“Fellow Buddhists and fellow Daoists, I would have to apologize first hand.” Origin Heart Devil said at this time, “It would be a good thing to get the Green Lotus Treasured Flag back because of this.”

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag’s defense against the Origin Heart Devil was relatively limited.

However, there were other Daoism bigwigs also besides Yan Zhaoge in response to the situation. The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had assisted in the interception, making it difficult for the Origin Heart Devil to advance due to the thunder pool.

Origin Heart Devil raised his hand and pointed at the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

The void seemed to open now, connecting to the dark and unknown Nine Underworlds devil sea abyss.

It was pitch-dark, but the clear and clean seawater poured out from it. Under the Origin Heart Devil, the seawater came towards the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

The Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea’s seawater seemed to be clean and transparent, and there was no fishy odor to it. However, it was the most filthy substance in the world. Once contaminated by this seawater, even a treasure like the Green Lotus Treasured Flag would lose its magical effect.

Origin Heart Devil had somewhat expected this situation.

While Incongruence Divine Mother could overcome the Nine Underworlds’ Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, they also had their way to overcome the Green Lotus Treasured Flag. The treasures that could stop the demon race and Mahamayuri on the side weren’t effective in the battle between Daoism and Nine Underworlds.

In the beginning, the Nine Underworlds Great Devil helped the demon race and the Western Pure Lands by using this sea to pollute the Green Lotus Treasured Flag so that the demon race could successfully capture Sakyamuni Sarira. At the same time, Yan Zhaoge and other Daoism people took the opportunity to get the treasure flag.

Now that many years had passed, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag had been cleansed and restored to its former glory. However, the hostile Nine Underworlds and Western Pure Lands had become allies, and they had repeated their old tricks to deal with the Green Lotus Treasured Flag. The twists and turns of events were intricate.

Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and other Buddhist Bhante watched the seawater pouring at the Green Lotus Treasured Flag and felt a little weird in their hearts. Despite so, no parties dared to slow down at this moment. Everyone rushed in, wanting to take advantage of the time when the Green Lotus Treasured Flag wasn’t working and reclaim the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

Getting the Green Lotus Treasured Flag back was of similar priority to the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner for them.

Yan Zhaoge watched the pitch-black seawater splashing towards him, and the corner of his mouth twitched slightly.

He held the Green Lotus Treasured Flag in one hand and sent the other palm outward.

Complex and mysterious seals appeared in his palm; some of them even seemed to be sinister and ferocious.

When the Origin Heart Devil saw those talismans, his heart tightened.

It seemed like the similar talismans Yan Zhaoge incarnated when he utilized the seawaters of Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea to help Feng Yunsheng fight against Nie Jingshen and the Shadow Devil in Nine Underworlds.

After that battle, the Nine Underworlds Great Devils, such as Origin Heart Devil, deeply researched Yan Zhaoge’s technique.

If the same thing happened again, they had the confidence to resolve it.

But today, Origin Heart Devil took a closer look at the talismans in Yan Zhaoge’s palm and found that there had been many changes compared to how it was previously.

“He has also been improving rapidly…” Origin Heart Devil’s eyes flickered.

Then, as expected, a black light flashed from the talismans in Yan Zhaoge’s palm. Then, the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea seawaters rushed out, quickly constructing seals in the air and then turning into a formation.

This streamer surrounded the seawater of the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea, blocking the incoming seawaters the Origin Heart Devil had sent over.

Suddenly, an invisible dam was built to block the surging black water.

The black water couldn’t touch the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, leaving the Green Lotus Treasured Flag to operate and send white air and golden light out. The Nine Underworlds and Buddhists were still blocked in their path.

The Origin Heart Devil’s eyes quickly returned to calmness. However, he didn’t stop his action and sent more and more seawater out of the void, sweeping towards Yan Zhaoge and the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

The Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea that Yan Zhaoge got at the beginning was limited after all. Origin Heart Devil wanted to win and overwhelm Yan Zhaoge’s defense through sheer quantity.

Although the dam seemed sturdy, its height and thickness wouldn’t change. As a result, the endlessly rising water level could exceed the limit at one point.

Moreover, Origin Heart Devil studied Yan Zhaoge’s technique these years. He would inevitably have a certain level of gain to counter the technique. Soon, the formation showed signs of disintegrating.

Yan Zhaoge was unfazed with what had happened. What he needed was to buy time.

Origin Heart Devil, Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and the others watched Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Incongruence Divine Mother rushing toward Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity directly reached out and grabbed the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

While the blossoming golden lotuses were in full bloom, there was still a corpse lingering under the protection of the flag. It seemed that was the former owner of Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

However, when Taiyi Cultivated Deity touched the flag, fierce sword qi immediately rose around the golden lotuses.

The Incongruence Divine Mother wielded her sword and received the sword qi that came attacking. She looked at Taiyi Cultivated Deity, and both shook their heads, looking a little dejected and a little disappointed.

The powerhouses present were familiar with the sword qi that retaliated; it belonged to Daoism’s Prime Clear Lineage.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge and Ne Zha also sighed secretly.

Their previous guess had become a reality. It seems that it was indeed the Lord of Plentiful Treasure murdering the former owner of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, who originated from the Jade Clear Lineage.

After the Incongruence Divine Mother dispersed the remaining sword qi, Taiyi Cultivated Deity collected the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner and the rest of the items in the place into his sleeves.

At the same time, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor flicked his fingers three times in a row.

Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder, Everlasting Thunder, and Momentary Divine Thunder exploded together, breaking a gap in this universe.

The Incongruence Divine Mother immediately followed up with her immortal sword attack and struck a deeper hole in the gap.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity reached out with his hand and sent the white light at the gap, deepening the hole further.

The three Daoism bigwigs, who were all proficient at time and space distortion, joined forces to create a passage in the chaotic battlefield. Immediately after, all the Daoism folks rushed into it.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.