Chapter 1714: Yan Zhaoge’S Shadow

Chapter 1714: Yan Zhaoge’s Shadow

Incongruence Divine Mother was proficient in Immortal Trapping Sword Manual; Taiyi Cultivated Deity was skilled in Aeon Light Heavenly Scripture and Spatial Heavenly Scripture; Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was proficient in Spatial Heavenly Scripture and the Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder, Everlasting Thunder, and Momentary Divine Thunder among the Nine Heavenly Thunders.

The three Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortals were outstanding in altering time and space. Such expertise was displayed in their movement arts.

Since many experts were fighting on the battlefield, the time and space here were chaotic, making it difficult even for those at Grand Heavenly Realm to move freely.

However, with the help of the Yan Zhaoge’s Green Lotus Treasured Flag, the Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Realm leading figures immediately joined forces to open a passage.

They had made adequate preparations before this, allowing them to leave the battlefield without failure.

However, it was notable that the opponents that orthodox Daoism faced this time were prominent figures.

Not to mention Mahamayuri, who was still battling with the vajra, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and Origin Heart Devil were the first to catch up.

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag’s effect in hindering the Origin Heart Devil was limited. Although the devil didn’t have time to stop the Daoism people from taking the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner and breaking the gap to run away, he also chased into the space-time gap at the first moment.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya morphed into a rainbow, arriving faster than others into the space-time gap and not slower than the Origin Heart Devil.

At this moment, Daoism had taken away the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, becoming the temporary winner and the public enemy. Naturally, Origin Heart Devil did not need to use the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag to block Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s path. The two started to join forces to chase Yan Zhaoge’s group.

Buddhism, the demon races, and the other powerhouses of the Nine Underworlds darting forward to chase their targets.

Ne Zha got rid of the Shadow Devil’s entanglement and entered the space-time gap with Yan Zhaoge. At this time, seeing the constant pursuit behind him, he said, “You guys go ahead. I shall stop them.”

“Brother, don’t worry, we’re already prepared,” Yan Zhaoge sent a voice transmission over.

Before Yan Zhaoge finished speaking, a saber light flashed in the unstable void!

The pursuing Dao Monarch Lu Ya had gone past the Origin Heart Devil, almost catching up with Yan Zhaoge and others.

But at this moment, the saber light suddenly lit up without any warning. It struck Dao Monarch Lu Ya directly in the face without a warning sign!

“Encompassing Doomsday Heavenly Lord!” Even someone prestigious as Dao Monarch Lu Ya couldn’t detect the ambush in advance. When the slash arrived, he only felt the tingling sense of danger with chills surging on his spine.

Although Feng Yunsheng didn’t attend the previous fight for the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, she went to the place Taiyi Cultivated Deity arranged to intercept the pursuers.

The ambush gave off a feeling to Dao Monarch Lu Ya that he would perish right at this moment.

However, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had anticipated an assassination attempt given Feng Yunsheng’s prestige, even though he was careless and revealed an opening.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya had no time to react when he suddenly encountered an ambush.

The terrifying saber severed the rainbow light, but Dao Monarch Lu Ya had enough time to manifest Vairocana Buddha’s Golden Body in time.

At the same time as the Golden Body’s defense was raised to the limit, the Vairocana Buddha light above his head enveloped his entire body.

The saber light still broke through the Vairocana’s Buddha light and even split the Golden Body’s head.

However, such a delay allowed Dao Monarch Lu Ya to manifest his rainbow form again and quickly retreated in the opposite direction, finally avoiding this blow!

It was just that at this moment, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, who had reverted to his human form, had his fishtail and crown on the top of his head torn apart. He appeared in an embarrassing state.

After Feng Yunsheng’s first slash, her momentum was rampant, and she continued to slash forward.

The already unstable gap showed signs of disintegrating.

Seeing that Yan Zhaoge and others were about to leave and lost the only trace for the treasure, Dao Monarch Lu Ya ignored his embarrassing state and kept punching forward.

One after another rays of rainbow intertwined in the void, making the invisible space-time passage seem to have become a real and tangible existence at this moment.

Seeing that Feng Yunsheng was about to destroy the passage with her slash, Dao Monarch Lu Ya gritted his teeth and threw his palms.

The rainbow light shattered and scattered all over the sky along with the passage.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and others were in the area, but Daoism powerhouses such as Yan Zhaoge hadn’t completely left either.

The shattered time and space turned into a turbulent flow at this moment.

Everyone got sucked into it and then scattered.

The Nine Underworlds, the demon races, and the Western Pure Lands were also scattered. Everyone began to find the whereabouts of Taiyi Cultivated Deity, who had the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

The Daoism folks were aware of the capabilities of Origin Heart Devil and Dao Monarch Lu Ya well. They would not think that it would be so easy to shake off the pursuers. With that anticipation in mind, they remained calm and broke off the encirclement amidst the turbulence, trying to gather again with their comrades.

The situation became more chaotic, and the turbulence spread wider.

Yan Zhaoge was in it, and his gaze was serious without any signs of nervousness.

While thinking about finding Feng Yunsheng, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, Ne Zha, and others, Yan Zhaoge was suddenly alerted. He turned around and saw Devilish Qi surging in the chaotic time and space.

Then, a young man with red lips and white teeth appeared. He had the appearance of Ne Zha, but he was overflowed with Devilish Qi, and his gazes were sinister.

“Shadow Devil?” Yan Zhaoge assessed the devil with interest. The Shadow Devil at the moment still looked like Ne Zha, but the fake treasures he duplicated had long gone.

Not only that, but he himself began to become more and more blurred as if he was fading away from his humanoid form and turned into a blurry and bleak shadow.

In the end, there was only a shadow left in front of Yan Zhaoge, which existed in the void without a body.

“I was looking for Fellow Daoist Taiyi, but it is quite unexpected to meet the Young Heavenly Lord again.” The shadow trembled, and a voice came from it.

Yan Zhaoge said with a smile, “If you’re so persistent, give the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag to the Western Pure Lands. I think Western Pure Lands will be happy to exchange what you want with it too.”

“Young Heavenly Lord, stop kidding me.” The Shadow Devil said, “You used Amitabha’s items to hinder the Western Pure Lands. Even if Amitabha were still occupied for a while, he would definitely take back the Green Lotus Treasured Flag afterward. Are you going to fight Buddhism to the death for this?”

“Speaking of which, I’m also quite distressed. If Buddhism has obtained the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, what else do I have to entice them into striking a deal with me?” Shadow Devil’s tone was calm as if chatting with Yan Zhaoge as an old friend.

Yan Zhaoge sneered, “

Hmph,

since Amitabha didn’t appear personally at that time, he most likely wouldn’t participate again afterward. So instead, I have to be more careful with Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.”

Shadow Devil’s tone remained the same, “Anyways, I can’t find the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner. However, if I can retrieve the Green Lotus Treasured Flag from Young Heavenly Lord and send it to the Western Pure Lands, I can still achieve my goal.”

As the shadow spoke, the appearance of the shadow began to change.

The shadows that were originally dim have gradually become colored.

In a blink of an eye, a young man appeared in front of Yan Zhaoge. The young man dressed just like him, with the same appearance.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.