Chapter 1717: Grand Heavenly Realm Vs. Grand Virtual Realm

Chapter 1717: Grand Heavenly Realm Vs. Grand Virtual Realm

Origin Heart Devil, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and other top bigwig powerhouses gradually appeared in the void.

At this moment, Nine Underworlds’ devils, the demon races, and the Buddhism Bhante of the Western Pure Lands were staring at Yan Zhaoge maliciously.

They would be pleased to eliminate Yan Zhaoge right here and right now.

In front of him, Yan Zhaoge was chasing while beating up Shadow Devil into a sorry state. Compared with Yan Zhaoge’s previous emergence and battle record, he became more and more of an eyesore in the hearts of everyone.

Especially after looking at the looming chaotic Iridescent Cloud above Yan Zhaoge’s head, the Grand Heavenly Realm powerhouses had their eyes flickered slightly.

Taking a step back, even if they couldn’t defeat Yan Zhaoge here, the Green Lotus Treasured Flag that was temporarily tainted and couldn’t be used was equally attractive to everyone present.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity took the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner and left already.

It would take a long time to locate him again. Even if there was no support from other Daoism powerhouses such as Suo Mingzhang, he would have refined Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner into his possession, given that he was a Jade Clear Lineage bigwig.

Although Nine Underworlds’ devil had a way to resolve Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner’s defense, it was still tricky to trap Taiyi Cultivated Deity in one place.

It wasn’t as convenient to snatch the Green Lotus Treasured Flag in front of them.

The demon races hoped to have their own flag and a way to deal with Mahamayuri.

The Nine Underworlds wanted the flag to trade with Buddhism.

Western Pure Lands hoped to regain the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

The present crowd naturally eyed Yan Zhaoge maliciously.

However, Daoism masters such as Feng Yunsheng and Ne Zha came at the same time.

The two sides vaguely got into position, ready for battle.

Mahamayuri never reappeared. It seemed that after the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner disappeared, he did not intend to linger around any longer and left.

Due to the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, the other factions were forming a weak alliance. Daoism seemed to be alone, but the opponents did not dare to take them lightly. Although Daoism’s Yang Jian and Suo Mingzhang had not arrived, they must put on a solid front to deter the invaders.

Origin Heart Devil didn’t step up to help Shadow Devil.

The turbulence of time and space gradually subsided. However, the two Grand Heavenly Realm Immortal Artifacts could only hinder the Shadow Devil for a while whenhe was determined to flee.

Yan Zhaoge couldn’t kill the Shadow Devil in a short period. As time passed, the advantage of the Grand Heavenly Realm’s ubiquitous presence gradually reappeared. Shadow Devil at least had hope of retreating, although he might have to suffer a wound first.

Instead, Origin Heart Devil had to be wary of Feng Yunsheng and Ne Zha’s sudden attack in the Shadow Devil’s shoe.

Shadow Devil had sustained a blow in the hands of Yan Zhaoge previously out of miscalculation. So even if he wanted to use his shadow replication art again, it wouldn’t be smooth and became much slower.

It would be his deepest regret if he were to perish under another Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Realm’s ambush while being chased by Yan Zhaoge.

On the other hand, Origin Heart Devil was just staring at the vague, chaotic Iridescent Cloud above Yan Zhaoge’s head, thoughtfully.

“He had collected nine scriptures while possessing the Taiyi Fist and Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture. So, it seems a Three Clear practitioner who pushed open the Immortal Door can really deduce the Jade Clear’s Peerless Heavenly Scripture.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya also observed Yan Zhaoge, “Or, perhaps he already has the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, but he has been hiding it?”

“The first person in history to set foot in the Immortal Realm, and even the Five Qis Unification. Are they really a coincidence?” Dao Monarch Lu Ya narrowed his eyes slightly, “Logically speaking, someone who has Peerless Heavenly Scripture or Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture shouldn’t succeed in becoming a Three Clear practitioner, but…”

Like Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, Peerless Heavenly Scripture’s reappearance in the world had gotten many other powerhouses to be wary. However, for a small number of bigwigs who were already at the top of the world, they wouldn’t be intimidated by it.

Compared with the Peerless Heavenly Scripture itself, Dao Monarch Lu Ya was more concerned about the origin of Yan Zhaoge’s Peerless Heavenly Scripture at this moment and the possible deeper meaning behind it.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the crowd wouldn’t be wary if it were anyone else who acquired the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Yan Zhaoge was already outstanding, given his success in pioneering the Three Clear cultivation. Now, he had become more powerful and gave such a headache after acquiring the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Especially when they imagined the scene after Yan Zhaoge attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm in the future, it really made them feel restless and sleepless.

Several parties confronted each other. Everyone had their own plans, and the situation had come to silent for a while.

Yan Zhaoge chased Shadow Devil around, disregarding anyone else.

Shadow Devil also did not ask for help from Origin Heart Devil and others. Instead, he tried to create a chance to escape while taking several blows from Yan Zhaoge’s Chaotic Origin Hammer.

Under the Chaotic Origin Hammer, Shadow Devil’s devilish treasure turned into a shadow similar to himself.

After the two shadows merged, they were shattered by Chaotic Origin Hammer, but they didn’t dissipate. Instead, they reunited and created a distance from Yan Zhaoge.

Then, the shadow flashed as if it existed in every corner of the world.

The shadows flickered like a hallucination. In the end, there was only one left, appearing beside the Origin Heart Devil, as if it had always been standing there.

The shadow twisted with its energy growing weaker than before and dimmed down.

“Young Heavenly Lord, a well-deserved reputation.” Shadow Devil coughed repeatedly.

Yan Zhaoge retrieved the Chaotic Origin Hammer and said, “In addition to shadow replication art, you indeed have other arts. In this battle, I already got what I wanted and saw what I wanted to see.”

When Shadow Devil heard this, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and others stared at Yan Zhaoge with their gaze trembling slightly.

However, without waiting for them to speak, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes swept across the audience first and finally stopped in the demon races faction.

“Nine-Headed Bug, as I said, just stay still and bare your neck to me.” Yan Zhaoge stared at the Nine-Headed Bug and smiled, “I was busy with the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner. Now, I’m here for your life. Don’t run away again this time.”

Hearing this, the Nine-Headed Bug laughed angrily, “

Hey

, young junior, you’re too arrogant.”

Although he had just witnessed Yan Zhaoge fighting Shadow Devil, the Nine-Headed Bug wasn’t afraid. Shadow Devil’s situation was unique, after all.

“Nine-Headed Great Sage, please give me a chance to end the karma with Fellow Yan first.” Another voice suddenly interrupted at this moment.

In the demon races’ faction, a white lotus appeared.

The white lotus bloomed, and a young man in a monk’s robe with smooth black hair scattered behind him sat on the lotus.

No one was a stranger to him; he was known as the Sword Master of the Six Paths, Qu Su.

Nine-Headed Bug looked at Qu Su, “Is it about your master, Sword Potante Buddha?”

“My learning in Buddhism’s doctrine is quite shallow. Please allow me to embarrass myself here.” Qu Su said calmly, “My teacher perished because of him. Since I’m a disciple, I have to resolve this karma for my teacher. Otherwise, hell awaits me.”

“About Maitreya Buddha…” The Nine-Headed Bug frowned.

Qu Su put his palms together, “Buddha is always merciful. He already knows I’m here.”

“As you wish.” Nine-Headed Bug nodded.

Qu Su turned to look at Yan Zhaoge, “Master Yan hasn’t yet overcome the Origin Heavenly Tribulation. Therefore, it stands to reason that I shouldn’t be requesting a duel from you. But, I’m sorry I can’t wait any longer. Today, I shall challenge Master Yan, and I hope you can fulfill my wish.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.