Chapter 1710: Everyone Has Their Own Need

Chapter 1710: Everyone Has Their Own Need

Mahamayuri’s emergence put immense pressure on everyone.

However, his appearance was somewhat expected.

Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, Green Lotus Treasured Flag, Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, and Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag — these four flags were the few defense treasures under the Dao Realm in this world that could resist the Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

For Mahamayuri, these flags weren’t his counter, but they were undoubtedly a hindrance.

Especially now that he was seeking Sakyamuni Sarira at the cost of his aid.

These treasures that could stop him would naturally affect his value as a super mercenary and affect his acquisition of Sakyamuni Sarira.

The Green Lotus Treasured Flag was originally in Western Pure Lands. Now, it has fallen into the hands of orthodox Daoism. The Ivory Cloud Realm Flag had now belonged to the Nine Underworlds, and the Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag was in the Tushita Palace.

After the loss of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner for many years, there was no owner and no one to exert its power.

In this case, Mahamayuri had come personally to grab the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner away so that there was one less item hindering him in this world. Of course, his action was somewhat expected to many factions.

However, it was still a headache for those on the battlefield despite anticipating that Mahamayuri would participate in this event.

At this moment, there was an old man other than Taiyi Cultivated Deity at the scattered nebula closest to the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

The old man had an amiable expression, but he gave off a sigh after seeing Mahamayuri.

In the eyes of the old man, there was a warm and genial brilliance like sunlight. He just stood there and did nothing.

But the face of Mahamayuri, who was approaching, suddenly became irritable.

“Origin Heart Devil, you’ve recovered from your injury. What gratifying news, but please don’t forget that you can’t go against my Five-Colored Divine Radiance.” The Buddha snorted coldly, surrounding his body with the Five-Colored Divine Radiance. The Divine Radiance immediately ran in its orbit, came crushing at the Origin Heart Devil.

“I’m naturally aware of Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan’s capability and never dares to take it lightly.” Origin Heart Devil changed his position repetitively, avoiding Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance, “I’m just helping the Western Pure Lands to get Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner. Can Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan give the Western Pure Lands a favor?”

Mahamayuri replied indifferently, “I respect Amitabha, but I don’t care about Old Dipankara Buddha.”

“Is it worth the trouble?” said the Origin Heart Devil. He summoned a small flag in his hand.

He waved the flag. A strange fragrance enveloped the area, stopping Mahamayuri’s advance.

Notably, it was the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag displaying its might.

Mahamayuri was not annoyed, having been hindered by the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag once again. Instead, he manifested the Buddha’s Golden Body and the Five-Colored Divine Radiance’s protection. Then, he sent the glazed Buddha out, occupying the surrounding void.

Mahamayuri was caught off guard last time in the fight for Sakyamuni Sarira. He suffered a bitter loss because of the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag.

This time, he was prepared. The Origin Heart Devil blocked his advancement with the help of the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag. On the other hand, he also enveloped the surrounding area with his brilliance, encaging Origin Heart Devil.

The approach was similar to how Yang Jian faced the Green Lotus Treasured Flag when he fought for the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Mahamayuri manifested the Buddha’s body with peacocks under his body, fluttering his wings and carrying him to the scattered nebula that contained the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

As he approached the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, he suppressed the Origin Heart Devil wielding the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag.

Although Origin Heart Devil was vulnerable to Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance, his secret movement art was unique and elusive, and it would take some of Mahamayuri’s attention.

Although Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance could obliterate anything, the Heart Devil’s harassment would still be troublesome.

It was also thanks to his devotion to Buddhism since the ancient eras and the cultivation of Buddhism’s doctrine, which was efficient in subduing the devil. Otherwise, it would be even more uncomfortable.

Despite this, Mahamayuri moved forward while suppressing the Origin Heart Devil equipped with the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag in his hand.

Everyone was fighting, but it became less intense with most of the attention on Mahamayuri.

Being the sore eyes of the public, Mahamayuri continued to move forward calmly.

The mighty Five-Colored Divine Radiance was still in operation, deterring the invaders.

However, while Kong Xuan was advancing and ignoring all the elite Grand Heavenly Realms, his eyes turned to Yan Zhaoge at the Grand Virtual Immortal level.

Everyone knew what Mahamayuri was worried about.

What he feared was the emergence of Great Sage Equalling Heavens!

Although the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag could resist the Five-Colored Divine Radiance as a defense treasure, it was a passive defense after all.

When Mahamayuri’s goal wasn’t to kill his opponent, the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag’s influence on him plummeted and was no longer a problem.

But the Great Sage Equalling Heavens was different. Even if it lasted for a limited time, it was a formidable opponent that could hold him on the spot.

Yan Zhaoge saw Mahamayuri but stopped instead, smiling and looking indifferent.

He was unconcerned because orthodox Daoism had the Green Lotus Treasured Flag backing them up.

Although the Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag was still kept in Tushita Palace, there was a chance of grabbing it out of the Tushita Palace one day.

Mahamayuri also intervened, and those put in panic were the group that had no flag at this moment.

If they didn’t acquire the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner at this moment, they wouldn’t have another chance again, putting them vulnerable to Mahamayuri’s power directly.

Sure enough, some people were more anxious than Kong Xuan.

Since the matter had been exposed, the Buddhism Bhante of Western Pure Lands had also been dispatched.

Unfortunately, they were in a worse situation, having to face pressure from Mahamayuri.

Once upon a time, this flag was their trump card when they fought against others, making the others suffer the bitter end. Now, they had to taste it for themselves.

A Buddha tried to stop Kong Xuan’s advance, but the Five-Colored Divine Radiance came and sent him off.

“Dear comrades, please forgive me.” Mahamayuri continued striding forward as if nothing had happened.

At this time, a long rainbow suddenly streaked across the void of the universe in the distance, and it arrived in an instant.

“

Huh?

” Mahamayuri frowned, “Lu Ya?”

The rainbow penetrated the broken nebula. An old man appeared, wearing a fishtail crown and a red robe. His appearance was plenty queer, and he kept a long beard.

It was Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

“Fellow Daoist, please let me join the fray,” said Dao Monarch Lu Ya. He reached out and grabbed the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

“Fellow Daoist, give me that sarira, and I will give this flag to you,” said Mahamayuri. He let go of Origin Heart Devil, quickly intercepting Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

Seeing that Dao Monarch Lu Ya was about to obtain the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, Origin Heart Devil immediately stopped being Mahamayuri’s hindrance and allowed Mahamayuri to compete with Dao Monarch Lu Ya.

Facing the Five-Colored Divine Radiance, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had to morph into a rainbow light again to avoid the attack.

More and more powerhouses participated in the battle. The scene became more chaotic.

Whoever had the greatest hope of winning the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner would be the public enemy.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.