Chapter 1711: The Level-Headed Yan Zhaoge

Chapter 1711: The Level-headed Yan Zhaoge

All the factions bared their fangs to grab the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

In the chaotic battlefield, Mahamayuri stood out the most. He looked at the crowd condescendingly. Most of the time, the public had to join forces to contend against him.

However, Five-Colored Divine Radiance was still too domineering. Even during the clash against a powerhouse like Dao Monarch Lu Ya, it was unstoppable.

If it weren’t for the existence of the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, it would be difficult to stop Mahamayuri’s advances.

Yan Zhaoge watched on the side for a while. He then turned to look at the real and fake Ne Zha battle on the other side and said with a smile, “It all still boils down to the Wood Devil.”

The Fake Ne Zha smiled, “Young Heavenly Lord, you must be joking. Although I can transform into Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan, the Five-Colored Divine Radiance is unique. Unfortunately, my replication is already incomplete against Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form.”

The real Ne Zha snorted coldly when he heard those words. In addition to his amazing defense, his Treasured Lotus Immortal Form was immune to all kinds of evil techniques, which was his greatest advantage.

Even though the Wood Devil had replicated his appearance and even the rest of his arts and treasures, the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form couldn’t be replicated completely.

However, that level of replication was enough to stall Ne Zha.

On the other hand, although Ne Zha’s Treasured Lotus Immortal Form was immune to vile arts, it couldn’t stop the Shadow Devil’s art from turning the shadow into reality. So, the Lotus Form was in a stalemate in this case.

Sure enough, Ne Zha heard the sarcasm in Shadow Devil’s words.

He, who was already furious, attacked more intensely.

However, apart from the Treasured Lotus Immortal Form, the Shadow Devil had replicated the rest of Ne Zha’s arts. All the attacks were nullified, wave after wave.

“Young Heavenly Lord, you do live up to everyone’s anticipation.” The fake Ne Zha defended himself against the real Ne Zha and smiled at Yan Zhaoge, “If there is anyone present who can compete with Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan, only Young Heavenly Lord can do it.”

Naturally, he referred to the incarnation of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form by Yan Zhaoge and others.

Shadow Devil’s words were half-truths even though they were sincere. It seemed he was trying to probe for more information from Yan Zhaoge.

“So, you want me to stop Mahamayuri and fight to the death so that you can take away the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner?” Yan Zhaoge sneered, “

Huh

, in your dreams.”

Shadow Devil continued, “Now that so many talents are competing, I don’t necessarily get the item. But, if Young Heavenly Lord keeps being passive, I’m afraid that Fellow Daoist Kong Xuan will get what he wants.”

“That’s fine. Anyway, I have the Green Lotus Treasured Flag, and you have the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, so we don’t have to worry too much.” Yan Zhaoge shrugged it off.

Shadow Devil was amused. The Nine Underworlds had the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag, so they didn’t really need the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

However, the Nine Underworlds participated in the competition because of their deal with the Western Pure Lands in exchange for something they really needed.

Although Archaic Dipankara Buddha conspired against the Nine Underworlds, he still had to fulfill their wish in the end. However, he definitely had sought the maximum benefits he could from them.

Without the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, the Nine Underworlds would have paid a much higher price.

“Speaking of Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, isn’t it originally from the Jade Clear Lineage. Isn’t it inappropriate for the Young Heavenly Lord to stay idle?” Shadow Devil retorted in annoyance.

Yan Zhaoge sighed, “If you put it that way, isn’t Daoism the original owner of Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner? It’s even more inappropriate for you to mess around.”

The two were at each other’s throats, battling with each other in harsh words. Many were paying attention to Yan Zhaoge, including Mahamayuri, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and Origin Heart Devil.

“So, you’re quite hesitant. Could it be that the battle for the Immortal Extermination Formation had depleted all your energy? You could no longer summon the Great Sage Equalling Heaven’s true form?” The Great Demon who was fighting with the Incongruence Divine Mother asked bluntly.

Yan Zhaoge turned to look at the Great Demon, staring at the nine heads, “The world is filled with difficulty. There are just too many pests. Unfortunately, my Daoism has a weak foundation and is not rich. Whatever we want to do needs careful preparation, and we need to save as much as we can so that we can be prepared for any unforeseen problem.”

“For example, someone has been hiding in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea all these years. It’s so rare to have him come out. If I want to kill him here, I have to be prepared for the resistance from the Dao Monarch Lu Ya or Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.”

The Nine-Headed Bug was furious and sneered, “

Hey

, stop bluffing. I’ll stand right here. Come get me?”

Yan Zhaoge smiled without saying a word, looked at Mahamayuri, looked at the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, and then looked at Dao Monarch Lu Ya and others. If they weren’t here and it wasn’t the competition for Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, he would have hunted the Nine-Headed Bug on the spot.

However, his behavior was too “loud” in the eyes of others, seemingly hiding his weakness.

Everyone couldn’t help but think, “It seems that the appearance of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form in the battle for Immortal Extermination Formation is quite consuming even though it stopped Mahamayuri. Even after 300 years, it’s still not fully recovered. Yan Zhaoge is just bluffing.”

“Or did he put up an act and lied to us so that he could reap the benefits in the end?”

Although the crowd thought so, no one intended to test it themselves.

It was best if Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form did not appear. However, even Mahamayuri didn’t want the extra troubles.

What’s more? Apart from the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form, others were also on the lookout for the lurking Feng Yunsheng.

Feng Yunsheng’s ambush at her realm was alarming even to Kong Xuan. Any mishap would bring them into a bad spot.

Yan Zhaoge was level-headed.

Now that Mahamayuri had also arrived, there was no need for his “empty city strategy” [1], putting up a strong front in deterrence to share the pressure Kong Xuan was having.

It was better to get the crowd had their focus on this Mahamayuri.

Mahamayuri had been independent without siding to anyone in the Western Pure Lands for so many years. Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t believe that the Archaic Dipankara Buddha wasn’t prepared at all.

If he didn’t have all of Sakyamuni Sarira, how would he not beware of the possibility of the current situation?

In the competition for Sakyamuni Sarira last time, Western Pure Lands had the Green Lotus Treasured Flag in hand so that they could hide their cads.

But this time, they didn’t have the Green Lotus Treasured Flag. How could they not be wary of Mahamayuri’s sudden participation in the fray?

Moreover, getting the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner would be beneficial in the long run.

The hidden card could only last for a while, which was why the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner was so valued. But, a momentary deterrence could fulfill the Western Pure Lands’ goal.

Facing Mahamayuri, Buddhism and the Nine Underworlds couldn’t be as calm as Yan Zhaoge even though they had joined forces this time.

It wasn’t about combat strength alone. Daoism already had the Green Lotus Treasured Flag and Sanctimonious Fiery Radiance Flag, so they didn’t have to be worried.

Yan Zhaoge was level-headed, waiting to see which faction would throw the cards on their hand first.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.