Chapter 1719: Free The Troubling Mind, Swing The Sword Of Reincarnation

Chapter 1719: Free the Troubling Mind, Swing the Sword Of Reincarnation

The Sword of Qu Su was different from Sword Potante Buddha’s sword intent, which evolved into the Six Paths of Reincarnation. Instead, it focused on provoking the killing karma between the opponent and the reincarnation, thereby trapping the opponent in the Six Paths of Reincarnation, making the whole world the opponent’s enemy.

If Qu Su managed to land his attack, he could withdraw himself and let Yan Zhaoge go against the reincarnation principle of this world, as if he had become the enemy of the entire world.

The surrounding powerhouses were all watching the battle.

Although Yan Zhaoge had proved himself once again in his victory against the Shadow Devil, the situation made it seem like it wasn’t a sure-win for him yet.

The more the killing he was involved in, the heavier the karma.

The weight of a person’s karma came from his adventure and experience, but it might not be at the same level as his combat strength.

But now, in this world, there was only a small exception of people who could ascend to Grand Heavenly Realm and Grand Virtual Realm without being involved in any karma.

It was said that the stronger the strength, the heavier the karma. Most of the time, this logic was consistent.

Thus, the heavier the opponent’s karma, the stronger Qu Su’s sword skill would be.

People who knew Qu Su’s swordsmanship often said that he became stronger when he encountered a strong opponent.

Since Qu Su became famous, he also has a record of defeating the strong while being the weak, which had paved the way for his current reputation.

Of course, the heavier the karma, the easier it was to be dragged into the Six Paths of Reincarnation, but that didn’t always mean that the target would be doomed.

Having been forced to confront the principles and rules of the entire world, everyone under the Dao Realm would face immense pressure. However, if they could avoid or break free from the shackles of reincarnation before that, the situation would be different.

Facing Qu Su’s sword, Yan Zhaoge spat out a long mouthful of turbid qi. A mysterious and unpredictable brilliance lit up above his head.

The Splendor of Soul gathered at the top, making his eyes and mind clear.

The distorted time and space and the bizarre scenes, which Qu Su’s sword intent had summoned, persisted. Furthermore, they had become much more stable.

As far as the field of vision could reach, there were red dust, thousands of ghosts howling, and a boundless sea of purgatory. All kinds of bizarre scenes were mixed.

Yan Zhaoge looked down and saw black qi emanating from his body. The black qis were like threads, entangled and coiled, falling into the Six Paths of Reincarnations in front of him.

The black threads were seemingly trying to drag him into reincarnation.

All of this seemed like reality and ethereal at the same time. So, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t sever it through brute force alone.

Moreover, the karmic entanglement grew more potent with more killings involved. The deeper and tighter the entanglement, the faster and more violent the victim would fall into reincarnation.

Once Yan Zhaoge was really dragged into it, the enemy he needed to face was no longer Qu Su, but the entire world with its reincarnation system running endless years.

Yan Zhaoge had fought against Qu Su in the battle to capture the Immortal Sword and kill the Sword Buddha in the Jade Spring World.

Gao Qingxuan had the Immortal Slaughtering Sword, and he narrowly avoided Qu Su’s sword attack.

Even harnessing the Golden Body of the Great Sage equipped with Ru Yi Golden Cudgel would be tricky in this situation. The approach of using brute force to overcome everything would worsen the existing situation instead. Unless the brute force were strong enough, the resistance coming back the Six Paths of Reincarnation would be too heavy to handle.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge looked at the black qi that was trying to drag him into reincarnation. However, instead of breaking free from it, he walked towards the Six Paths of Reincarnation’s bizarre scenes.

Qu Su’s heart sank slightly. He looked intently, only to see a faint green brilliance flashing in Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, and then enveloped his body.

Between the small light spots, green silk threads were drawn and connected. They were like a mist surrounding Yan Zhaoge.

At the same time, Yan Zhaoge raised his hand, moved towards the Six Paths of Reincarnation, and punched straight into it.

His fist seemed to cover every ounce of space, filling the universe, filling the time, occupying the past and the future, ethereal and ubiquitous.

But at the same time that Yan Zhaoge punched, there was another white sword qi surging.

The sword qi seemed gentle, but it contained the terrifying image of all things withering and annihilating.

The foundations of existence in the world had all collapsed and were heading for the end.

At this moment, the powers blended perfectly and brought out a new change.

As Yan Zhaoge was shrouded in green mist, it appeared as if he was covered in a green nebula. The stars were shining and hazy.

The nebula gradually turned from green to pure white.

As Yan Zhaoge stepped forward, the pure white cloud also moved forward.

Wherever he passed, the scene of the six reincarnations began to disappear and annihilate silently.

There was no earth-shattering movement and no fierce reactions.

There was only a white nebula. When it came into contact with Qu Su’s sword intent, there was a low and subtle but continuous “rustle” in the ears.

It resulted from thousands of collisions between the two sides in every instant.

Yan Zhaoge utilized his mystical arts to split the scenes of reincarnation and the sword intent of the Six Paths of Reincation into millions of tiny nodes and shattered them individually.

“Jade Clear’s Origin Heavenly Scripture, Grand Clear’s Taiyi Fist, Prime Clear’s Immortal Ending Sword…” Shadow Devil looked at this scene and said in a low voice, “He has created more than one brand-new Supreme Martial Arts of Daoism before attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm. “

“They just so happen to restrain Qu Su’s Reincarnation Sword Manual,” said the Origin Heart Devil slowly.

As Yan Zhaoge’s figure was shrouded in the pure white nebula, the black threads that drew him into the reincarnation were also broken. The threads were all isolated by the white starlight.

Despite seeing this, Qu Su’s eyes were still emotionless, as if they were still in silence.

In the void, he sighed softly.

At the next moment, the soft strands of cyan silk on his head began to fall off one after another.

Everyone at the scene suddenly froze.

Qu Su stood silently in the same place. With his long hair draping down and coupled with his monk robe, his appearance differed from the other monks.

A circle of complete Buddha light even lit up on the top of his head.

His sword qi had reached an unprecedented peak!

At the same time, the path to the extreme end of hatred and the path of realizing Buddhism’s doctrine reached their peak. They contradicted each other but co-existed and soon perfectly integrated as a whole.

Such mastery resembled a double-edged sword.

As Qu Su put his palms together devoutly, his sword intent suddenly surged!

Of course, water could put out the fire. However, if the water was too little and the fire was too big, the fire would put out the water instead!

Under Qu Su’s sword intent, the Six Paths of Reincarnation restarted in the void, incurring a much more bizarre scene.

At the same time, a large amount of black gas swept towards Yan Zhaoge like a tornado.

Although Yan Zhaoge’s body was surrounded by white qi and starlight, the black qi transformed by karma was inexhaustible. In the end, he was absorbed into the tides.

The terrifying Six Paths of Reincarnation opened its mouth, trying to swallow Yan Zhaoge in one bite. Under the guiding black qis, it appeared more like a giant beast with its mouth open wide.

The scene in front of Yan Zhaoge changed again. There appeared one after another face that seemed unfamiliar but no stranger to him.

Some had been lost in the long river of time, but at this moment, they all reappeared in front of Yan Zhaoge, which reminded him of the past.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.