Chapter 1725: Emotional News

Chapter 1725: Emotional News

Hearing what the Incongruence Divine Mother had said, Ne Zha immediately diverted his attention over to this site.

Since he came from the Jade Clear Lineage, he was concerned with the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, the first Jade Clear’s Scripture.

When Yan Zhaoge fought against Shadow Devil just now, the Early Heaven Three Scriptures and Late Heaven Six Scriptures were magically manifested and blended together. A chaotic Iridescent Cloud loomed over his head, and everyone saw it.

Ne Zha had limited interactions with Yan Zhaoge before, so he did not know the situation as well as the Incongruence Divine Mother. Therefore, he was even more surprised when he saw the martial arts manifest at that time, but he didn’t want to ask questions.

Yan Zhaoge’s tone was calm with joy painted on his face, “I have indeed realized some attainment in the martial art, but it isn’t completed yet. It’s only a little glimpse of the art’s marvelousness, and it is still far from the real Peerless Heavenly Scripture.”

“The ability to restrain Shadow Devil’s shadow replication art is really an unexpected surprise, but also dangerous too.”

Hearing those words, Ne Zha sighed and said, “Everything is difficult at the beginning, but now it is beginning, not to mention half the success.”

“Fellow Daoist, with your talent and potential, I believe that you will complete the Primordial Heavenly Scriptures one day.”

“Before the teacher transcended, he didn’t pass down the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. After that, the teacher, senior uncle, and the others also went to Tushita Palace to consult the Supreme Elder Lord, but they didn’t get anything. Having to see Peerless Heavenly Scripture reappearing in the world in my lifetime, it can be considered a wish fulfilled.”

It was rare for Ne Zha to open up so much, and even the Incongruence Divine Mother was equally emotional about it.

Thinking of her lineage, the Incongruence Divine Mother also felt a pity that the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture lineage was only recovered a few years ago because the Lord of Plentiful Treasure had perished with his whereabouts remained unknown.

Luckily, the lineage was still passed down, unlike Jade Clear Lineage, where the Primordial Heavenly Lord had transcended without passing down the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

After hearing Ne Zha’s remarks, the Incongruence Divine Mother could empathize with his feelings.

But, Yan Zhaoge felt that something was wrong after hearing those comments on the side. Then, a strong surge of surprise came to his heart.

A little doubt that had been lingering at the bottom of his heart in the past had erupted and resurfaced.

On the surface, he looked calm as usual, but he replied solemnly, “Even if there is a day I can collect the other nine volumes of Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, thanks to the help of many people, and I won’t take the sole credit for it.”

“If you want to collect the next nine volumes of Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, we still need to work out a strategy for it. It’s an easy task before the Great Calamity, especially when my senior uncles are involved. In addition, Tai Yi Fist is already difficult to achieve completion, let alone we have to worry about Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture too.” Ne Zha shook his head and said, “I did try it back then, but I still don’t have a clue about it.”

Yan Zhaoge said with a smile, “After the Great Calamity, Daoism has plummeted. It’s indeed not easy to collect the nine volumes of Primordial Heavenly Scriptures. I had a lot of ups and downs along my journey, but we have succeeded in the end. The Peerless Heavenly Scripture reappearance marks the dawn of our Daoism’s revival.”

“It’s fair to say it to be a good omen. Naturally, it’s because of the efforts of all the seniors today that I deduced the Peerless Heavenly Scripture completely.”

Ne Zha laughed and said, “Yes!”

The Incongruence Divine Mother on the side also smiled faintly.

Although Prime Clear and Jade Clear had an unpleasant quarrel in the past, the relationship had eased down since times had changed.

It was the best time to help each other. As Peerless Heavenly Scripture reappeared, Daoism’s overall strength continued to recover and grow. Even though Incongruence Divine Mother wasn’t as happy as Ne Zha, she was somewhat gratified by the happy news.

Feng Yunsheng didn’t speak, just looked at Yan Zhaoge with a smile in her eyes.

While they were chatting, the void in front of them trembled and was then followed up by a voice.

“What’s the matter? Everyone seems so happy.” Before Yang Jian finished speaking, his figure appeared in front of everyone already.

Yan Zhaoge and the rest assessed Yang Jian. They were relieved to see that he was safe and sound.

After all, the fight happened in the Western Pure Lands, which belonged to Amitabha at Dao Ancestor Level. So Yang Jian’s action in causing a scene came with a risk.

“Amitabha took the initiative to save Dipankara Buddha, but he didn’t make it difficult for me. I would like to thank Cloudy Firmament Lady for managing the Immortal Extermination Formation, but I have to let the Dipanakara Buddha go this time.” Yang Jian said with a smile.

Yan Zhaoge nodded. The situation came as expected.

“Dipankara Buddha has broken the rules first. Amitabha was also aware of it, and he didn’t make a move at the first moment.” Yang Jian looked at Ne Zha and smiled, “So I still manage to hurt that fellow, so vent your displeasure for the time being.”

Although Amitabha was mostly peaceful and detached from worldly affairs, the outcome would be different without the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Ne Zha clasped his fists and said, “Thank you, Daoist Brother. I’m really sorry to trouble you.”

“Not a problem. We’re all from Daoism. There’s no need to thank me.” Yang Jian added, “But in the Western Pure Lands, I can’t really hurt Dipankara Buddha’s foundation given Amitabha’s presence. So I’m not sure if my action deters their participation in the next round of competition with the Nine Underworlds in the future.”

“If the Nine Underworlds stay low for a while, then Dipankara Buddha should have the time to recover. Of course, you get to seek revenge personally by then.”

Hearing what Yang Jian said, Ne Zha nodded, “That’s the best. It’s exactly what I wanted.”

He gritted his teeth, “In the previous battle, the Origin Heart Devil has ambushed me, and we couldn’t really decide the winner for the duel. This matter is not over yet. I will track that old baldy down and fight him again.”

“Since I have injured Dipankara Buddha, he would definitely use this as a reason to avoid your duel.” Yang Jian said, “Even if he recovers, he will still use this excuse to brush you off. If you want to seek him out, I am afraid that your opportunity only comes in the Nine Underworlds game when he is forced to show himself.”

Yan Zhaoge spread his palms, “From my understanding of Archaic Dipankara Buddha, even Brother Yang didn’t hurt him, he will definitely hide in the back, and he will never accept the challenge from Brother Ne Zha again.”

“Unless he asks for something else like this time.” When everyone heard those remarks, their faces showed resounding approval.

Ne Zha said bitterly, “

Hmph

, I’m not afraid of him. If he wants to drag this on, I will harass him for another 20 hundred years. Then, I will strip his thick face down. Let’s see how long he can hide! “

Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, and the rest all laughed.

“Judging from your mood, Dipankara Buddha must have failed.” Yang Jian asked again: “Is it really about the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Yes, the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner is involved. Taiyi Cultivated Deity has retrieved it and returned the treasure to Jade Clear Lineage.”

“In this way, Dipankara Buddha has lost.” Yang Jian sighed, “Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner has returned to the Jade Clear Lineage. My teacher should be relieved about it in the afterlife.”

“There’s much better news for Uncle Yu Ding.” Ne Zha said cheerfully, “Fellow Daoist Yan has collected all the nine volumes, cultivated Three Clear altogether, and recovered the Jade Clear first book, Peerless Heavenly Scripture through deduction in a reverse approach! “

Yang Jian was amazed and looked at Yan Zhaoge, “So, you have some attainment to it already?”

“It’s just the beginning, and there is still a long way to go.” Yan Zhaoge replied.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.