Chapter 1720: Farewell

Chapter 1720: Farewell

Everyone present was engrossed in spectating the fight unfolded.

After Qu Su cleared off the troubling mind, the perfected Buddha light appeared on the top of his head, as if he was fully enlightened. His sword intent and obsession also rose to the peak. The spectators had all put on a serious expression.

“This is interesting.” The Nine-Headed Bug muttered, “It’s surprising for the central Blessed Lands of Saha to emerge such a figure.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya, next to him, nodded slightly, “Not bad.”

In their eyes, the current generation of Sword Buddha — Qu Su, in terms of fighting skills alone, even surpassed the Western Pure Lands Buddha who had partially attained the Buddha Enlightenment!

Even the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, Narayan Buddha, and Meritorious Splendour Buddha were inferior to Qu Su, the number one Buddha under the Maitreya of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

On the other side, Origin Heart Devil also sighed to Shadow Devil and said, “He should be the strongest Grand Heavenly Realm heretic in history since the Great Calamity and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus came into being.”

“He should have attained the peak the Grand Heavenly Heretic could reach. In terms of fighting, there is no stronger Grand Heavenly Heretic than him,” said Shadow Devil softly.

Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva and other Buddhist Bhante watched the battle and remained silent.

On Daoism’s side, Ne Zha said suddenly, “It’s a pity.”

The Incongruence Divine Mother appeared beside him and sighed after a while, “Yeah, it’s a pity.”

Feng Yunsheng didn’t speak; she cared more about Yan Zhaoge than Qu Su.

In a trance, faces flashed in front of Yan Zhaoge like a motion picture.

There was the resentful Ye Jing who was filled with flame tattoos.

There was the proud Zhao Hao looking at others from the corner of his eyes.

There was also Lin Zhou, who was berating Yan Zhaoge for changing the history he knew very well.

There was also Xin Dongping’s face. On the Broad Creed Mountain, he was the Lord of Decimating Abyss, who was also the longtime elder of the sect and guided the Nine Underworlds to crack open Eight Extremities Worlds.

There were Sacred Sun Clan’s members who had been competing with Broad Creed Mountain for many years. The three generations of Huang, including Huang Guanglie, Huang Xu, and Huang Jie, had a great time fighting with the Broad Creed Mountain. There was the former Sacred Sun Saint, Zhang Chao. The competition happened from the Eight Extremities Worlds until World beyond Worlds.

In World beyond Worlds, there were the Radiant Light Sect, Grand Xuan Dynasty, and the father-and-son duo, Zhuang Shen and Zhuang Chaohui, of Phoenix Ritual Mountain’s Wutong Slope.

There were the faces of the True Immortal Heavenly Emperor and Upper Exalt, Chen Qianhua.

Until later, Yan Zhaoge encountered Exalted Earth Luminary, Jiang Shen, because of his mother, Xue Chuqing.

Yan Zhaoge reminisced the time he left World beyond Worlds. More than 400 years have passed since then.

For the faces that appeared in front of him next, the estranged feeling faded as the timeline moved closer and closer. The people became more and more familiar too, but Yan Zhaoge didn’t plan to continue watching it.

“It’s been so many years…” After a sigh, the space above Yan Zhaoge’s head shone with brilliance.

In addition to Splendor of Soul, the Splendor of Qi also appeared above Yan Zhaoge’s head.

Immortal Essence surged around him like a rising tide, and it grew substantially.

The white air nebula, which was initially wrapped in black air transformed by the karmas, suddenly expanded in a seemingly endless state.

The collision voice of the white qi and the black qi grew louder and deafening at this moment.

There seemed to be thunder ringing in the ears of the spectators.

The black energy quickly dissipated, and the Six Path of Reincarnations scene also disappeared again.

Only the figure of Yan Zhaoge himself became taller and more terrifying.

Yan Zhaoge had attained Two Flowers Converged Crown without overcoming the Origin Heavenly Tribulation; he was capable of transforming his Immortal Essence into Immortal Splendour.

However, apart from Feng Yunsheng, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Ne Zha, Origin Heart Devil, and a few others, all the Grand Heavenly Realm powerhouses felt a lot of pressure when facing Yan Zhaoge.

The terrifying power that seemed to be able to crush the boundaries of Origin shook everyone’s cognition.

Yan Zhaoge had integrated his three Supreme Martial Arts of Origin Heavenly Scripture, Taiyi Fist, and Immortal Ending Sword into a whole, thus the unprecedented success now.

The bright nebula sent out white qi in all directions, breaking Qu Su’s Reincarnation Sword Manual.

The crowd fell into an illusion that the Six Paths of Reincarnation had stopped and reversed in the reverse direction at this moment.

The power of reincarnation counteracted, and Qu Su groaned in pain.

The completed Buddha light behind his head dimmed.

The colored glazed-like sword intent withered.

It was like the blade of a sword went dusty and could not be wiped clean.

Under a flash, the nebula shrouded in white air dispersed. Yan Zhaoge took a step out from the dissipated nebula and appeared in front of Qu Su at the next second.

“I also have a sword. Can I request the Sword Buddha to evaluate it?” Yan Zhaoge put his index and middle finger together and pointed at Qu Su.

Having the Six Paths of Reincarnation backfired, Qu Su could no longer fend for himself. The sword-light poured down from a distance, and the Fallen Deity Sword came slashing down, instantly knocking him down to the Grand Virtual Realm.

Although it was only for a moment, Yan Zhaoge’s other hand was already atop Qu Su’s head.

Qu Su could regain his Grand Heavenly Realm at the next instant, but he knew he didn’t stand a chance.

“It’s all fated.” Qu Su sighed softly.

“Farewell.” Yan Zhaoge was also calm. His palms exerted force, and the vigor in Qu Su’s pupils dimmed.

The most outstanding Grand Heavenly Heretic in history died in the hands of Yan Zhaoge after the momentary brilliance.

Yan Zhaoge could even vaguely feel that the universe vibrated slightly as if the Buddha light was looming.

That should be from the owner of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, Maitreya Buddha.

It was because of the Immortal Extermination Formation that he didn’t make a move.

Yan Zhaoge looked around. Everyone watching the match caught his gaze, and most of them even felt a slight tingling sensation.

Qu Su was killed, but his body was not damaged, and his remains were intact.

On the surface of his body, a layer of faint golden light gradually appeared, making him look like a gilded Buddha statue.

The Buddha statue was lifelike, and the surface wasn’t damaged.

Yan Zhaoge tapped his finger and sent the Buddha statue floating away.

The white lotus floated alone. After the Buddha statue fell on it, the long sword beside it vibrated gently in its sheath.

“There are no other people from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus present here.” Yan Zhaoge waved his hand again, and the white lotus floated towards Dao Monarch Lu Ya, “I have to ask Dao Monarch to send someone and get fellow Qu Su back to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya took over the statue. Before he managed to answer, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes turned to the other side.

“Nine-Headed Bug, now it’s time for a fight between you and me.” The two flowers on Yan Zhaoge’s head gathered and sparkled. He stepped on the void and stared at the Nine-Headed Bug.

Everyone else was in an uproar when they heard the words.

Yan Zhaoge, in the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm, didn’t take a pause even after fighting two Grand Heavenly Realm opponents: Shadow Devil and Qu Su. Instead, he immediately challenged the demon race’s Great Sage, Nine-Headed Bug!

“Brother Ne Zha challenged Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and Archaic Buddha avoided duel for hundreds of years. But, they were both at Grand Heavenly Realm.” Yan Zhaoge did not mention that he had just accepted Qu Su’s challenge just now. Instead, he just pointed his finger at himself and then pointed to the Nine-Headed Bug again.

“Now, I’m challenging you, the dignified demon race Great Sage at Grand Virtual Immortal. You won’t be avoiding the battle, will you?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.