Chapter 1727: Impending Grand Heavenly Realm

Chapter 1727: Impending Grand Heavenly Realm

“I won’t be mistaken.” Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva said, “Although it is incomplete, it carries the shape of it. It is undoubtedly the Jade Clear’s Primordial First Scripture.”

“Bodhisattva also witnessed Jade Clear’s Dao Ancestor’s action in ancient times. Naturally, you won’t be mistaken. How dare I doubt your judgment?” Archaic Dipankara Buddha shook his head, “Peerless Heavenly Scripture has come into being, but it doesn’t matter. Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture has also seen the light of day again. Certainly, many of Jade Clear’s trickeries will surface again.”

“It’s just that I have a bad hunch, and I have some concerns in my heart.” As Archaic Dipankara Buddha spoke, the perfected Buddha light above his head gradually appeared purple and flickered lightly.

“Has the Archaic Buddha made a discovery?” Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva asked.

“I still need some time to sort it out.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said after pondering for a moment, “However, regardless of our struggle to seek out the clouded information, it is just that if the Peerless Heavenly Scripture reappears, it shouldn’t be a big problem if the scripture resurfaces on others. However, it’s a threat to have the Young Heavenly Lord Yan Zhaoge attaining it.”

Although the person they mentioned, Yan Zhaoge, had not yet entered the Grand Heavenly Realm, the other Buddhist bigwigs nodded their heads in agreement after hearing Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s words.

“Back then, Yang Jian and Sun Wukong didn’t emerge in such a great momentum.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said leisurely, “Our previous worries are right.”

In the three consecutive battles, Yan Zhaoge first defeated the Wood Devil, one of the six Extinct Devils in the Nine Underworlds. Then, he proceeded to kill Qu Su, the first-ranking combatant in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, who was undefeated against the orthodox Buddhism Buddha. Finally, he killed the Great Demon, Nine-Headed Bug, who made his name in the Middle Era.

Three battles and three wins. The winning streak continued all the way.

The event raised Yan Zhaoge’s prestige to the next height, surpassing Suo Mingzhang, who fought three powerhouses in a row.

At that time, Suo Mingzhang fought against the three major powerhouses — Shadow Devil, Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, and Vajrapramardi Buddha consecutively. Undoubtedly, the enemy’s strength was better than Yan Zhaoge’s opponent.

But the difference was that Yan Zhaoge attained this achievement in the Grand Virtual Immortal Realm and not Grand Heavenly Immortal Realm.

This made his combat accomplishment even more appalling.

After relating to the Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, Dingguang Joyous Buddha, and Lotus Dissemination Buddha, who also perished because of him previously, Yan Zhaoge’s achievement became even more jaw-dropping.

“Cultivating Three Clears simultaneously promises outstanding strength, but the difficulty of cultivating it is far beyond the ordinary martial art path.” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva said slowly, “Yan Zhaoge’s ability to deduce the Peerless Heavenly Scripture through a reverse approach is an unprecedented feat, which shows that he isn’t only a genius but also someone with great wits. At the same time, he figures out the truth in the martial art path, making his foundation solid.”

“From the look of things, Origin Heavenly Tribulation is not an insurmountable barrier for him. So I don’t think he will face a bottleneck that keeps him stuck at the Grand Virtual Immortal level for a long time.”

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva praised, “If there is no major accident, time is the only obstacle in front of him. Grand Heavenly Realm is imminent to him as long as he has enough time to progress.”

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva nodded in agreement without speaking up.

Both of them were Jade Clear Lineage’s bigwigs who switched to Buddhism. Their prediction of Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation progress naturally convinced the others.

Compared with Yan Zhaoge’s current strength displayed in the Grand Virtual Immortal realm, everyone could roughly guess what it would be like when he attained Grand Heavenly Realm in the future.

“Young Heavenly Lord, he really lives up to that name.” Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva sighed, “This time, the orthodox Daoism is even more powerful after retrieving the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.”

“Anyway, although we didn’t get the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner this time, our comrades didn’t get injured or perished. It’s considered a great fortune in misfortune.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said with a smile, “The demon races and heretics are facing a much more serious problem than us.”

The Western Pure Lands didn’t get the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner, but neither did the demon race.

A demon races’ Great Sage, like the Nine-Headed Bug, had perished in this ordeal.

The Blessed Lands of the White Lotus suffered much heavier losses, losing the Lotus Dissemination Buddha and Qu Su in the competition for treasure.

Even though heretics could attain advancement in the cultivation realm relatively more straightforward and faster, the difficulty of attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm was still serious. It still depended on the individual’s conditions.

Jin Zha, also known as Mystical Mountain’s Buddhism Dharma Protector before becoming Lotus Dissemination Buddha, was once an outstanding talent of the Daoism Jade Clear Lineage’s third generation. His foundation and perception of Dao were amazing. However, due to many reasons, he remained in the Grand Virtual Realm. He hadn’t yet attained the Buddhism Enlightenment and thus embraced the heretical path.

As for the second-generation Sword Buddha — Qu Su, it was a one-of-a-kind talent.

The fall of Lotus Dissemination Buddha could be replenished in a relatively short period, but the fall of Qu Su was likely to cause a long-term gap in getting another replacement.

Even after including the other forces outside of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, it was unlikely that such a genius would emerge from a population of hundreds of millions.

The fall of Qu Su was a severe blow to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Without the intervention of other external forces, it would even change the dominant stance of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus against the Immortal Court.

“We shall pay more attention to the recent movements of heretics and the Immortal Court.” Vajrapramardi Buddha said, “We can put aside Lu Ya for a while. However, we need to pay close attention to the Sakyamuni Sarira in Maitreya’s hand.”

Archaic Dipankara Buddha nodded, “I agree with that.”

After that, he thought about it, turned his head to look at Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and smiled, “Young Heavenly Lord has said that he will marry the Encompassing Abyssal Doomsday Heavenly Lord. He seems serious about it?”

“Since he has put it out in public, it’s of course not a joke,” replied Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha nodded and then said to Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, “No matter what our position is, the bride and bridegroom are outstanding talents. We should congratulate them. I wonder if Bodhisattva can make the visit for us?”

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva looked at each other. Then, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva said, “I’m not in a good position to meet with Taiyi and Ne Zha, but it’s still up to you to decide.”

In the ancient eras, Mu Zha was a direct disciple of Samantabhadra Cultivated Deity. Later, the master-and-disciple duo entered Buddhism together with Compassionate Cultivated Deity.

Samantabhadra Cultivated Deity had changed his title to Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, while Compassionate Cultivated Deity had changed her title to Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. On the other hand, Mu Zha was known as Traveling Monk Hui An since then.

After joining Buddhism, they spent more time listening to lectures under Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.

So, strictly speaking, Mu Zha could be regarded as having two masters.

Mu Zha had perished because of Ne Zha and Taiyi Cultivated Deity, so Samantabhadra Bodhisattva didn’t want to visit Daoism’s universe. Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva thought for a moment, then nodded slowly, “I shall make the trip.”

“Thank Bodhisattva for taking up the trouble.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha put his palms together.

“Archaic Buddha, you’re overpolite.” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva shook her head.

After the matter was settled, the Buddha Bhante group dispersed.

At this moment, the Western Pure Lands had returned to calm, unlike when Yang Jian fought with the Archaic Dipankara Buddha previously. However, it was pretty chaotic at the moment, and the entire place was seemingly turned upside down.

Only the Land of Buddhism of the Archaic Dipankara Buddha had vanished into nothing. The place was in disarray and dilapidated, which required efforts to rebuild it.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha sat in his place. After thinking for a while, he summoned his disciples, handed them a piece of bamboo slip, and instructed, “Head to the Immortal Court, present this thing to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and bring the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord Bring’s letter back to me.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.