Chapter 1734: Supreme God Warrior Vs. Heretics

Chapter 1734: Supreme God Warrior Vs. Heretics

Yan Zhaoge and those of Daoism lineage and the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Vajrapramardi Buddha of orthodox Buddhism might despise the strength of the heretic martial art practitioners and despise them for being ignorant of the truth. However, they were still wearied of the devastating power which the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha could muster.

Those two were Dao Realm bigwigs, after all.

Yang Jian and Mahamayuri were outstanding among their peers, an elite that oversees all beings like the Dao Ancestors. However, even if they were to face the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord or the Future Buddha, they would not win. Worse still, it was considered a blessing to be able to escape with their lives.

There was also the Lord of Plentiful Treasure, who had cultivated the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture. Without the Immortal Exterminating Four Swords, he could set up an incomplete Immortal Extermination Formation by himself and even break the defense of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner. Despite this, he still perished in the hands of an Ancestral Devil, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

But he could escape from the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil without being slain on the spot. Although he then died of the injuries, everyone praised his accomplishment.

And this, in turn, proved the gap between Dao Realm and Immortal Realm.

It was a gulf that was farther away than the gap between ascending into an immortal from being human.

So, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Mahamayuri, and other famous and influential characters worked hard to attain the Dao Realm.

Also, Yang Jian felt sorry for the problem between Suo Mingzhang and Yan Di.

Therefore, everyone in Daoism also put in efforts for the next round of games involving the Nine Underworlds primarily.

However, even if Daoism won in the end and someone successfully entered Dao Realm, it was still considered a recovery from the disadvantageous situation instead of being worriless and safe from the other factions.

After all, there was more than one opponent.

If one party grew too strong, it was likely to cause several other factions to join forces to shut the party down.

It was only considered victorious when one party could overwhelm everyone else with its own strength and not worried about a suicide blow.

The accumulation of strength into reaching this stage was like slowly collecting the sand until it became a tower. Naturally, Yan Zhaoge must carefully grasp every opportunity to strengthen himself and weaken his opponent.

Any mishaps were possible to foil the entire plan.

Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Future Buddha themselves were indeed strong, but their ascension into the Dao Realm wasn’t perfect. There was a possibility of ruining their foundation later.

While Yan Zhaoge was focusing on his cultivation, he was searching for the critical point in targeting the weakness.

In fact, his move was not only efficient for offense but also for defense.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s ability to illuminate against the people in Daoism was too powerful, and the potential threat always existed.

Among Yan Zhaoge’s acquaintances, Fu Ting, Meng Wan, and He Xixing were suffering from this issue.

Future Buddha and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus were headaches as well. They could convert Daoism people into their faith in a similar manner.

Yan Zhaoge naturally had to beware of such an oppressive method.

Given his cultivation strength, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha couldn’t forcefully illuminate him as long as it wasn’t voluntarily.

Unfortunately, most people with lower cultivation realms were susceptible to this.

In addition, in the big picture of the Nine Underworlds’ game that would start at any time, the orthodox Daoism needed more knowledge about the Nine Underworlds if they wished to gain something.

Of course, Yan Zhaoge also admitted that if his research had made significant progress, he was looking forward to seeing the scene of Daoism’s Supreme God Warrior fighting the heretics devotees.

Yan Zhaoge was pulling a joke from it, but he did hold expectations.

In the end, it was indeed much easier for the lower-level martial art practitioners in the heretics to grow than orthodox Daoism. Except for the Grand Heavenly Realm, heretics had an apparent numerical advantage.

The Immortal Court had three thousand immortals. Grand Heavenly Immortals could enjoy faith power ranging from 216 to 270 of Immortal Domain; Grand Virtual Immortals could enjoy faith power ranging from 36 to 40 of Immortal Domain; Tranquil Profound Immortals could enjoy faith power ranging from 12 to 15 of Immortal Domain. Lastly, True Immortal could enjoy faith power spanned 4 to 5 of Immortal Domain.

This meant that in addition to about a dozen or so Grand Heavenly Immortals, there were also about 72 Grand Virtual Immortals, 216 Tranquil Profound Immortals, and 720 Leakless True Immortals in Immortal Court under normal circumstances.

There might be a slight deviation in the number from time to time. However, their standards would remain at this level for a long time.

If there was a large-scale loss, only Grand Heavenly Immortals were hard to come by, and Grand Virtual Immortals’ losses were difficult to replenish. Both the Tranquil Profound Immortals and the Leakless True Immortals could be quickly replenished.

Needless to say, there was no difficulty in producing Martial Saint Realm below the Immortal Realm and even other lower cultivation realms.

On the other hand, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus had a more affluent foundation, not losing out to Immortal Court.

In the eyes of orthodox Daoism and orthodox Buddhism, they were a bunch of fakes. Even if there were amazing talents under the heretics, it was more so a pity for wasting talents.

But, its massive number and swift replenishment of manpower could not be undermined.

In terms of pure cultivation realm improvement speed, no one could be faster than the Nine Underworlds’ Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid.

Nine Underworlds had harsh conditions in this aspect. It was too unique that the harsh condition was much more demanding than heretics and more stringent than Daoism, Buddhism, and demon races’ faction.

Yan Zhaoge’s current research in Everlasting Oath Heaven directly targeted this aspect of the Nine Underworlds and heretics.

The research was only at the beginning, and there was still a long way to go.

However, he had enough patience. This was a long-term plan spanning 10,000 years.

Of course, there was also the plan to snatch away people serving the heretics.

The only thing that had a short-term impact was a more in-depth look at the Nine Underworlds.

“Don’t worry. I’ll come here from time to time. Han Long’er, take things step-by-step and write down all the information I told you to record.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and patted Ying Longtu on the shoulder, “It’s not difficult for you.”

The address of “Han Long’er” was already a long history for Ying Longtu, who had become Immortal after becoming a Daoism hero.

If anyone else called him so lightly, it was like a provocation.

Only a few people, such as Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, Xu Fei, Yan Di, Yuan Zhengfeng, and the rest, would call him that. This title was addressed in private and rarely mentioned in public.

Ying Longtu was more than happy for Yan Zhaoge and others to call him that, but he didn’t want Yan Zhaoge to call him “Junior Brother Ying” too officially.

Just listening to Yan Zhaoge’s words at the moment, Ying Longtu could only smile bitterly, “Brother, I will do whatever you want. However, I am still not used to the current role. I have to watch some outstanding young people taking risks, and yet I have to uphold neutrality, be a bystander, and don’t intervene. I can’t bear it.”

“Diamonds are formed under pressure. Even if you don’t use this method in this place, the new generations need this kind of experience no matter if it’s in Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, any other place, or any sect. They often say spare the rod and spoil the child.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and asked, “By the way, you just sent away a batch of people. Where did you send them this time? What is the mission?”

Hearing his question, Ying Longtu put on a troubled expression. Finally, he murmured after a long pause and said hesitantly, “They had just finished a mission in a world, but someone triggered one part of the Number 3 Long Mission that you have arranged, so I sent them there.”

“The Number 3 Long Mission…” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin.

Feng Yunsheng covered her face helplessly, “…Look for Devil Yan.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.