Chapter 1733: Yan Zhaoge’S Prank

Chapter 1733: Yan Zhaoge’s Prank

When Yan Zhaoge established Everlasting Oath Heaven earlier, he had a plan.

However, Taiyi Cultivated Deity and Ne Zha had to reside there temporarily afterward, so the initial plan was temporarily put on hold.

After Ne Zha recovered from his injury and the master-and-apprentice duo left Everlasting Oath Heaven, Yan Zhaoge put his plan into practice again.

Over the years, Ne Zha had kept the provocation ongoing at Archaic Dipankara Buddha at the Western Pure Lands for nearly two hundred years.

On the other hand, Yan Zhaoge diverted the majority of his attention to Everlasting Oath Heaven aside from everyday cultivation.

He entrusted Ying Longtu to garrison at the Everlasting Oath Heaven every day to get an overview of everything while he was distracted by other things.

Ying Longtu was sincere and might lack the ability to adapt to changes, but Yan Zhaoge left detailed guidelines.

There were many worlds in the Everlasting Oath Heaven, but most of them were lower worlds like the Eight Extremities World, Vast Ocean World, and Floating Life World.

Surrounded by many lower worlds, there was an upper world like Sky beyond Skies, World beyond Worlds, and Roving Jade Heavens.

This world, called the Earlier Heaven World, would continue to exist as the central hub of Everlasting Oath Heaven in the future until its spiritual qi was depleted.

In Yan Zhaoge’s plan, other upper worlds similar to the Earlier Heaven World would be established in Everlasting Oath Heaven in the future, and they would be named according to Primordial Heavenly Scriptures’ Late Heaven Six Scriptures.

As a unique existence, the Earlier Heaven world would not have permanent residents relocated into it.

In the current state, the world called Everlasting Oath Heaven was empty, with only Ying Longtu, the master of this place, living in it.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng entered this upper world and vaguely heard a grand and mighty but cold and emotionless voice saying, “My mission is done, and now the transmission will begin.”

The time and space barriers in the Earlier Heaven World fluctuated slightly. Sure enough, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng saw it clearly.

As the light streamer flashed, more than a dozen silhouettes were sent out of the Earlier Heaven World and arrived in the lower world.

In the center of the Earlier Heaven World, a pillar of light penetrated the sky and stood silently. It was unshakable, unabated, undiminished, like the pillar and core of the world, everlasting.

The voice just now came from it.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng entered the light beam and saw Ying Longtu sitting cross-legged.

“Senior Yan, senior apprentice-sister, you are back!” Ying Longtu smiled when he saw Yan Zhaoge and the two of them.

“Looks like you’ve gotten used to it, and you’ve done a good job.” Yan Zhaoge laughed.

Ying Longtu had a bitter face, “It’s troublesome work.”

Naturally, Ying Lingtu was the source, uttering that cold voice that seemed to be the ruler of the world and the selfless voice of heaven.

This formation hid his trace and changed his voice entirely.

Even if Ying Longtu himself spoke in a cadenced manner in the light beam or acted weird and funny, the voice conveyed to the outside world would still sound indifferent. The tone was rigid, with no hints of emotion.

However, having said that, Ying Longtu would carry those characteristics to a certain extent for those martial art practitioners who had not even reached the Martial Saint Realm, even the masters level. It was mainly because of his cultivation in the Immortal Realm. He resembled the ruler of the world and the supreme will of heaven, giving off the air of being omnipotent and unreachable.

With the Earlier Heaven World as the core, Yan Zhaoge had laid a solid foundation in many lower worlds around it, the mystical spaces in the entire universe, and the cave manor.

Even if Ying Longtu’s cultivation strength wasn’t up to the level, he was infinitely close to being the worlds’ ruler, turning into an omnipotent existence in the eyes of ordinary people when he was garrisoned in the formation hub of the Everlasting Oath Heaven.

“How’s the situation? You just sent off a group of people.” Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng also sat cross-legged in the beam of light and asked Ying Longtu with a smile.

“Brother Yan, there is nothing wrong with the laws you have formulated.” Ying Longtu said, “There are many curious people, but no one has managed to find out the truth. After all, the time is too short. There may be risks when the stronger cultivators are there, and they become stronger.”

Yan Zhaoge waved his hand indifferently, “With so many clues left, someone will find out the truth. Otherwise, it would be strange.”

“Currently, the quest rewards are still limited to tangible treasures or the Supreme Martial Arts lineage.” Ying Longtu replied, “I have never dared to try the Overflowing Lid method. I will wait for you to decide.”

“You are right to be cautious. I’m only doing preliminary research on the Overflowing Lid, and I must be cautious,” said Yan Zhaoge. His sight passed through the beam of light, the barriers of earlier heaven, and arrived at the lower world.

Unlike the empty Earlier Heaven World, there were mortals residing in the lower world with high and low levels of martial art practitioners.

Some worlds accumulated their qis and talents slowly, while he had migrated some from Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

To a certain extent, he seemed to be having fun in world-building.

He relocated and immigrated people across different worlds while shaping the lower worlds. He also took some time to adjust to the history of those worlds.

The information that most people know was that this world had experienced another Great Calamity.

Many things and original histories were eradicated, so the worlds started anew again and grew tenaciously.

Therefore, each world had its own history, society, and environment.

Correspondingly, Yan Zhaoge arranged many legends and tales for them.

After a considerable period of development, after each world civilization started anew and the population grew steadily, Yan Zhaoge began to pick out candidates from some of these worlds and bring them to the Earlier Heaven World.

The light beams here in the Earlier Heaven World would send out different missions, requiring the residents to complete their tasks and earn their rewards.

Conversely, if the task were not completed, there would be punishment.

Every outsider came to a different world, like a traveler, facing the local indigenous people and facing each “story”.

Yan Zhaoge had to admit that he was pulling a prank on many people in his doings.

But in fact, the real reason for all of these was the Overflowing Lid method that he and Ying Longtu just said.

Rewarded medicinal herbs, treasures, weapons, and even martial art techniques were nothing.

It was not difficult even to improve the physique of lower cultivation martial art practitioners to a certain extent.

However, there were more things to look into if Yan Zhaoge was interested in directly empowering the targets’ cultivation realm or “stuffing” the relevant insights of the Supreme Martial Arts directly into their head and turning the arts into their arsenal.

After researching these things clearly, Yan Zhaoge would have more ways to deal with Nine Underworlds Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid or heretics’ martial art.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.