Chapter 1731: Yang Jian’S Congratulatory Gift

Chapter 1731: Yang Jian’s Congratulatory Gift

“It does look like something from Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.” The green brilliance in Yan Zhaoge’s eyes outlined a mysterious rune, which kept rotating.

It seemed like he was utilizing the Origin Heavenly Scripture for his analysis, but everything was just a facade.

Like Yang Jian, Yan Zhaoge had seen something similar in the past when he was at the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Martial Repository.

The token plate had a varied design, and its material was seemingly gold and jade at the same time. Yet, despite the peculiarity, it did seem to be an item originating from Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

Just as Yan Di and Yang Jian had said, the item didn’t seem unique.

But, Yan Di claimed that the acquisition of this item was related to the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, which was thought-provoking.

Even though Yan Di’s Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud had the appearance of a cloud and a lotus, it was intangible.

Thus, it left no traces no matter what it came into contact with.

In essence, the token plate also shared the same characteristic of leaving no traces as the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

Yan Di’s connections to the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud would probably be the only link.

When Yan Di was about to be born, he was closely accompanied by the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud for thousands of years. In other words, it was fair to say that the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud was another mother for his being.

That was how the connection Yan Di had for today.

This token plate itself did not seem extraordinary, but it seemed to be related to Yan Di’s Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud. That was what had been bothering Yan Di.

“There must be a problem somewhere, but…” Feng Yunsheng looked at Yang Jian.

Yang Jian nodded, “I can’t see what’s hidden in it at the moment.”

Yan Di’s expression was calm, “If you two can’t find out about it, then the problem is simpler.”

Needless to say, Yang Jian was the current strongest Grand Heavenly Immortal in the Three Clear Lineage and even in the entire world. He was one of the top existences under the Dao Realm in history.

Even Feng Yunsheng, who had cultivated martial arts for many years until now, had surpassed countless predecessors and became one of the elites in Grand Heavenly Immortal.

Even with their cultivation strength and realm providing them a broad horizon, they still couldn’t identify this token plate, and there was only one possibility.

This item was related to a Dao Ancestor.

“The token plate is related to the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud and thus portrays the Cloud art’s special characteristic. If Brother Yang opens your third eye, you might be able to see some clues from it,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Yang Jian smiled bitterly but agreed with her judgment.

“So, which Dao Ancestor is it?” Yan Di looked at the token plate, “Supreme Elder Lord?”

Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud was a naturally formed cloud. It wasn’t something the Supreme Elder Lord or rather Lord of Dao and Virtue accomplished. However, the art behind the cloud pointed straight directly to the Grand Clear’s Dao Ancestor.

“It’s hard to say. The token plate isn’t something of the Supreme Elder Lord’s possession.” Yang Jian added, “Of course, the Supreme Elder Lord definitely can use it. It’s just that it isn’t the Supreme Elder Lord’s work. I have never heard of Master Xuandu mentioning it. But, it’s notable that the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud was once stored in the Eight Landscapes Palace also known as the Tushita Palace.”

“From ancient times to the present, I have never heard of another owner of the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud. It seems that it has always been a free cloud until Master Yan Xintang got it. He’s publicly known to be its first owner.”

Yan Zhaoge became silent for a while after hearing the discussion.

He looked at the token plate and then at the cloud suspended above Yan Di’s head. It was a cloud without boundary, blooming like a lotus flower.

“Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace…” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flickered slightly, “Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud…”

He had acquired the Peerless Heavenly Scripture at Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

But what was strange was that no one seemed to realize this except him.

Besides him, no one else had ever seen Peerless Heavenly Scripture at Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace.

For this reason, Yan Zhaoge was troubled deep down in his heart.

If the Primordial Heavenly Lord never handed down the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, then who wrote the Peerless Heavenly Scripture at Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace?

The most likely person was undoubtedly the Supreme Elder Lord.

Yan Zhaoge also recalled several strange events to their current problem. Comparing it with the event of Great Sage Equalling Heavens Sun Wukong being suppressed under the Five Elements Mountain back then, there seemed to be a context to this matter.

Of course, if the Supreme Elder Lord was involved, it was still unclear why he did this.

The Supreme Elder Lord’s thoughts were always erratic and unpredictable.

Now, it seemed that there was one more clue.

“Supreme Elder Lord again…?” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flashed. Many things flashed in his mind for a moment, but he didn’t find the picture getting any clearer.

“What do you think of this, Zhaoge?” Yang Jian looked at Yan Zhaoge and asked with a smile, “You always have an active mind. Why are you so quiet this time?”

“There are too few clues to draw a conclusion.” Yan Zhaoge wasn’t evasive but sincere in his words.

He looked at Yang Jian and said, “Brother Dao, why don’t you check with Bhikkhu Xuan Du again?”

He was hinting at Yang Jian to take a trip to Tushita Palace. It was best to meet with the Supreme Elder Lord and ask the Supreme Elder Lord to clear his doubts in person.

Although the Supreme Elder Lord would mostly ignore Yang Jian, who knows if he would want to answer it out of a whim?

“Okay, I’ll go.” Yang Jian took the token plate, “Please lend it to me for a while. No matter what the outcome is, I will return it later.”

Yan Di replied, “Sure.”

Yang Jian put away the token plate, then looked at Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng and smiled, “You two are about to get married soon. I don’t have any treasure with me, but I still have a congratulatory gift.”

“I’m already happy to have you attend our wedding,” said Feng Yunsheng.

Yan Zhaoge giggled, “I have been waiting for the gift. Or else, why would I invite guests?”

Seeing his cheeky appearance, Feng Yunsheng covered her face helplessly, while Yan Di shook his head and laughed.

“I have intended to give it to you a long time ago, but I delayed it until your wedding. I’m a poor fellow. So, I reserve it for gift etiquette.” Yang Jian didn’t mind it, as if he was the one who took advantage.

Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “Brother Dao, since you said so, I look forward to it even more.”

“It’s related to your North Ocean Clone. Although it is already imbued with the Golden Body left by Sun Wukong, it still has the possibility to grow further.” Yang Jian added, “Here’s the Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts’ clone that is quite compatible with me.”

What Yang Jian had mentioned before about giving the grand gift only during the wedding wasn’t just a joke.

In recent years, he had continued to improve his Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts. After many stages of improvement, he decided it was solid enough to pass it to Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone.

Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts was Yang Jian’s original creation. It fitted him perfectly, but adjustment was needed before passing it to someone else.

Although Yan Zhaoge vaguely sensed it coming, he replied solemnly when Yang Jian decided to share his martial art, “Thank you, Daoist Brother.”

“No need to be polite. For the betterment of Daoism, the more powerhouses we have, the better it will be. It is rare that your North Ocean Clone has such a solid foundation and fits so well. I will naturally help you.” Yang Jian said generously, “As the saying goes, you may have entered the sect, but your achievement depends on yourself. Although I have passed you the Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts, it is still hard to say whether your North Ocean Clone can break through the Origin Heavenly Tribulation.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.