Chapter 1732: Origin Heavenly Tribulation As The Barrier

Chapter 1732: Origin Heavenly Tribulation As the Barrier

“What Daoist Brother said is right.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “It’s up to us to seek our growth. I should try my best.”

The Origin Heavenly Tribulation had stopped countless heroes throughout the ages from ascending from the Grand Virtual Immortal realm into the Grand Heavenly Immortal realm.

A close example would be the previous Traveling Monk Hui An, Mu Zha of Western Pure Lands.

Another example would be the Hundred Eyed Demon Monarch Middle era, famous in the demon race, who had fought against some of the mighty Grand Heavenly Realm combatants.

There were countless characters in this situation.

Otherwise, there wouldn’t have been many outstanding characters of the Grand Heavenly Realm who had converted to heretics like the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus and Immortal Court, such as Jin Zha, Lu Yue, Jian Bodhisattva, and the rest.

There weren’t many successful examples of such attainment or having great potential to achieve it. There were Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Traveling Monk Sun, and Purple Tenuity Emperor in the previous era. For now, the new batch included Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, Yan Di, Suo Mingzhang, and others.

However, all these successes took a very long time. There were limited people who managed to attain it outside of a vast population.

The Origin Heavenly Tribulation might be an insurmountable gap in life for many people.

Most of the Grand Heavenly Immortals who were still alive, if not counting heretics, were veteran powerhouses who had been famous for many years and had experienced hardships.

The earliest character, even dating back to before the world’s creation.

Their achievement took the accumulation of cultivation spanned endless years.

There were limited people who attained Grand Heavenly Realm after entering the current age.

As for people born after the Great Calamity, those who embark on the path of cultivation and achieve the Grand Heavenly Physique were even rarer.

Yan Zhaoge and others were delighted that Daoism was gradually reviving, with many talents and outstanding juniors.

Still, everyone was well aware that there wouldn’t be a shortage of people entering the Immortal Realm through the accumulation of cultivation across time. However, most of them had no hope to achieve Five Qis Unification and Three Flowers Converged Crown.

Broad Creed Mountain, which had established its position because of Yan Zhaoge and others, had a wide range of disciples and talents. However, the sect was still no exception to this situation.

No matter how top-notch the Supreme Martial Art’s lineage was, how rich the resources were, and how much time was given for the accumulation, it could hardly overcome the barrier.

That was why there was a saying that the closer to Dao Realm, the harder it would be.

Only the elite among the geniuses had a slight possibility to go all the way to the end.

The bigger possibility was to have their cultivation path blocked halfway and stalled.

Those who fell into this category definitely included the members of the same sect as Yan Zhaoge or the people he was familiar with.

It was fair to say the majority of Yan Zhaoge’s acquaintances were in this situation.

Even Yan Zhaoge himself was susceptible to this scenario. Indeed, he was recognized as the first in the world in talent and potential, and also the dignified Young Heavenly Lord with the Grand Heavenly Realm approaching in plain sight. However, if he faced a disaster that hurt his foundation, the Grand Heavenly Immortal would abandon him forever. The realm would be something unreachable like the stars in the sky, which would lead to eternal regrets.

Previously, Shadow Devil, Nine-Headed Bug, and others had probably fought against him, intending to kill him on the spot.

These enemies would be satisfied if they could deliver a critical injury to him.

Similarly, it also applied to the event in the past, where Yan Zhaoge, Gao Qingxuan, and others waited patiently to wake Yu Ye up. The group spent a lot of time and effort searching for treasures such as Soul Dissevering Jade to make Yu Ye heal without lingering injuries.

There were already very few people with the potential. Any slight mishap might falter the potential.

This was also why Yang Jian did not hesitate to give advice and wanted to help Yan Zhaoge with the North Ocean Clone.

There were very few opportunities, and it was rare that Yan Zhaoge’s North Ocean Clone had a good foundation and was in line with Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts.

Having two powerful martial arts combined was like adding wings to the tiger, increasing the odds of overcoming the Origin Heavenly Tribulation.

Despite the advantage, success wasn’t guaranteed yet.

“Your North Ocean Clone has an excellent foundation, and I noticed it has a great physique. Since you have refined it with various demon blood, you may have it practice the arts of everchanging properties before cultivating the Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts. You will get twice the result with half the effort.” Yang Jian continued, “There’s a couple of peripheral studies that need to be done. Don’t be too hasty. Otherwise, if the foundation is not strong, it will be doomed from attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm.”

“What Daoist Brother said is true.” After Yan Zhaoge thanked Yang Jian, he summoned the North Ocean Clone beside him.

The main body and the avatar sat cross-legged in Yan Di’s cave manor, listening to Yang Jian’s teaching on the mysteries of Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts.

Feng Yunsheng and Yan Di got up and left.

After Yang Jian explained the core mysteries of Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts, he passed a jade slip to Yan Zhaoge, which recorded the detailed chapters of the Profound Art. With that, Yan Zhaoge had the opportunity to study it slowly.

After studying for several days while exchanging and discussing the Profound Art, Yang Jian said goodbye to Yan Zhaoge and others, left the Broad Creed Mountain, exited the Sky beyond Skies, and departed from the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

He took the token plate and went to Tushita Palace, hoping to meet the Supreme Elder Lord.

It was unsurprising. Yang Jian quickly came back, returning the token plate.

He still couldn’t meet up with the Supreme Elder Lord this time. So it was still uncertain whether the token plate and Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud were related to the lord.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du said that he didn’t know about it, but he couldn’t help with the Supreme Elder Lord’s situation either.

“This item…” After saying goodbye to Yang Jian, Yan Zhaoge weighed the token plate and was silent.

“I’ll give it a try again since I cultivate the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud. Let’s not waste any time,” said Yan Di.

Yan Zhaoge pursed his lips and handed the token plate back to Yan Di.

Coming out of Yan Di’s cave manor, Yan Zhaoge thought while leaving Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

Outside Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens, Feng Yunsheng greeted him in the endless void, “You seem concerned about this matter.”

“After all, it may involve a Dao Ancestor, but I don’t know what the other party wants to do and if he is an enemy or a friend.” Yan Zhaoge replied, “But there are too few clues at hand to judge the situation.”

He shook his head, “Forget it. I should stop bothering myself with it anymore.”

“Would you like to visit Everlasting Oath Heaven?” Feng Yunsheng also changed the subject, “We were busy with Brother Ne Zha’s matter in challenging the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and the reappearance of the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner. After you exit your seclusion, we didn’t have a chance to visit the Everlasting Oath Heaven again.”

“That’s true. I’m thinking of heading there too.” Yan Zhaoge smiled, “I wonder if Han Long’er can adapt to that place?”

“Let’s go together.” Speaking of Ying Longtu, Feng Yunsheng also laughed, “You found him a difficult job. He must be troubled.”

“Senior Brother Xu, as the head of the family, is inseparable from his task. Junior Sister Sikong is involved in the Heavenly Essence Stone fragments, so it is not appropriate to guard that place alone.” Yan Zhaoge spread his palms, “Senior Brother Xia and Jun’er are keen on adventures. It’s not good to keep them at that place for a long time. Since Han Long’er enjoys quiet time more, I thought he is the most suitable person.”

“This is a growing journey for him, and it will be beneficial and harmless to his cultivation.”

The two entered the Everlasting Oath Heaven while chatting.

The stars were shining brilliantly with multiple worlds in the universe.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.