Chapter 1749: Supreme Pill Scripture

Chapter 1749: Supreme Pill Scripture

Yan Zhaoge would naturally attach great importance to Suo Mingzhang’s gift.

Shao Junhuang was the Great Grand Master of Xue Chuqing. Therefore, she was considered the elder of the family. At the same time, Suo Mingzhang could also be regarded as half of his family in this logic.

According to the customs, Suo Mingzhang had the same position as the Incongruence Divine Mother, where the gift was not mandatory.

As a result, the congratulatory gift from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor seemed out of place.

However, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor did give a legitimate reason.

No matter what Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and the others speculated, Yan Zhaoge showed to the public’s eye that he had succeeded in cultivating the Three Clears, harnessed the Taiyi Fist and the Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, collected Jade Clear’s Nine Scriptures and succeeded in deducing the Peerless Heavenly Scripture out through a reverse approach.

Of course, he put the same display in the eyes of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s group.

As for how they guessed in their hearts, it was another matter.

The Primordial Ancestral Lightning, which the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor gifted to Yan Zhaoge, was really helpful.

As the name suggested, Primordial Ancestral Lightning was the ancestor of all lightning. The lightning came before world creation, recognized as the first lightning originating from primordial chaos.

Primordial Ancestral Lightning also contained the intricacy of chaos and peerlessness. There were similarities between the lightning and Supreme Martial Arts concepts such as Peerless Heavenly Scripture, Taiyi Fist, Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture, but it remained unique on its own.

In Yan Zhaoge’s effort in completing the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, he would benefit a lot if he were to learn the mystery of Primordial Ancestral Lightning.

According to the rumors, Primordial Ancestral Lightning was originally under Primordial Heavenly Lord’s possession. Then, the Primordial Heavenly Lord passed it on to his disciple, Southern Extremity Old Immortal, which was now the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Before the wedding, this Supreme Martial Art was unique to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor only. The former Lord of Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Thunder Department and Nine Heavens Yingyuan Thunder Illumination Heavenly Lord Wen Zhong never had their hands on this art.

Thus, it was apparent how precious this Primordial Ancestral Lightning was as a gift to Yan Zhaoge’s wedding.

Not only the art’s intrinsic value and power, but the gift had a great significance in completing Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Although the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor seemed to break the established customs, it was well-reasoned and justifiable. Moreover, it also highlighted the unity and high morale of Daoism.

However, Yan Zhaoge was wary of the gift. He still held his suspicion against the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor deep down in his heart.

In comparison, Yan Zhaoge was even less wary of the North Star Emperor, who held conflicting ideas with him.

There was only one reason for this. The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor asked him to go to the Five Elements Mountain to explore the place and then find out that the Great Sage Equalling Heavens were suppressed there.

Judging from the outcome, Yan Zhaoge was likely to be related to Supreme Elder Lord and even to the transcended Three Clears Patriarch. Therefore, he was naturally the most suitable person to help the Great Sage Equalling Heavens get out of trouble and avoid angering the Tathagata, who had also transcended.

But looking back now, Yan Zhaoge had to wonder how much the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor knew in the first place.

The Primordial Ancestral Lightning gift was related to the peerlessness concept. It seemed like a kind gesture to help Yan Zhaoge complete the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, but he could be trying to verify something from this gift.

Yan Zhaoge’s face remained calm while his thoughts raced.

It was rare for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, North Star Emperor, and Suo Mingzhang to gather together at this moment. This was the first gathering since the battle for Immortal Extermination Formation.

With Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits sitting on the side, the atmosphere couldn’t help but get a little weird.

After Suo Mingzhang and the North Star Emperor, Taiyi Cultivated Deity finally arrived.

Ne Zha went out to welcome his master in. Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled and said to Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di as soon as he entered the hall, “Congratulations, congratulations!”

“It’s a blessing to have the Cultivated Deity’s visit, adding splendor to the Broad Creed Sect.” Yan Zhaoge greeted Taiyi Cultivated Deity, and the deity replied with a smile, “It’s just a small gift to send my blessing. I hope you don’t mind.”

The gift he gave was a seemingly ordinary lotus seed.

Yan Zhaoge assessed it carefully and couldn’t help but look at Ne Zha. He noticed that Ne Zha was also looking at his master in surprise.

“In the past, when the lotus flower bloomed, my disciple was granted a blessing.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity smiled and said, “I wanted to try to cultivate this lotus seed, but I have failed. However, there seems to have some good use with the lotus seed. So, it has become a small gift to celebrate the virtuous couple joining hands together forever.”

“Young Heavenly Lord has always been doing things ordinary people can’t achieve. Maybe, you can get something out of it? Even if it doesn’t, there are benefits for consuming this lotus seed directly.”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity cupped his hands, “I’m just a poor man, and I don’t have anything worthy as a gift. I hope Young Heavenly Lord doesn’t mind it.”

“Cultivated Deity, you’re overpolite.” Yan Zhaoge thanked Taiyi Cultivated Deity with a smile.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity greeted everyone present with enthusiasm on his face at the moment. After a couple of chatters, the scene that was a little awkward suddenly became much warmer.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, North Star Emperor, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, and Taiyi Cultivated Deity could catch up with one another easily.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly and didn’t think about anything else for the time being.

With Cultivated Deity’s greeting, the atmosphere suddenly became more enthusiastic.

Yang Jian had been quietly observing everyone present.

Ne Zha, who was beside him, poked at him, “It’s almost time. Has Master Xuandu said if he will come?”

“Uncle Xuandu said that he will come to attend the ceremony.” Yang Jian replied, “He should be there soon.”

Sure enough, a streamer with nine colors soon descended from outer space to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

The visitor sat on the streamer, draping ten extremities crane hat. It was Bhikkhu Xuan Du of the Grand Clear Lineage.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du entered the main hall, and everyone also stood up to greet him.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Grand Saint of Nine Spirits thought to themselves, “The Three Clear Lineage’s cultivators are all here.”

“Congratulations to Fellow Daoist Yan.” Bhikkhu Xuan Du got off the lotus pedestal and congratulated Yan Zhaoge.

“Senior has rarely left the Tushita Palace. Therefore, I appreciate your presence at the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens,” thanked Yan Zhaoge.

“I came in a hurry, and I didn’t prepare a generous gift.” Bhikkhu Xuan Du said, “You have cultivated Three Clear at the same time. I hope my presence gives the wedding additional splendor. Here’s my little regard.

“I heard that you have mastered the Grand Clear’s Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, the Later Heaven Supreme Scepter Art, and the Great Numerous Heavens Orthodox Art?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I hope senior don’t mind it.”

Under Grand Clear’s Grand Cosmos Five Manifestations, Taiyi Fist came from his understanding of Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud. He exchanged the fist art with Fu Yunchi for the remaining four Earlier Heaven Supreme Martial Arts.

He comprehended the Scepter Art, one of the Later Heaven Five Ultimates, after capturing Chen Qianhua. As for Great Numerous Heavens Orthodox Arts, he completed it when he and Fu Yunchi helped Grand Clear Lineage’s Cao Jie of the Golden Court Mountain in restoring the Three Enclosures Emperor Sword.

Currently, Yan Zhaoge and Fu Yunchi commanded the Golden Court Mountain, acquiring the Great Numerous Heavens Orthodox Arts.

“Fellow junior is a great talent, which is a great blessing to our Daoism.” Bhikkhu Xuan Du said with a smile, “In this case, I shall give you the Supreme Pill Scripture.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.