Chapter 1748: Heavenly Lords’ Gifts

Chapter 1748: Heavenly Lords’ Gifts

Cloudy Firmament Fairy had gifted a formation map.

Xiao Ai was familiar with the formation map. It was the famous formation of Three Immortal Island in the past, Nine Bends Yellow River Formation.

In the past, Yan Zhaoge had once possessed the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation map, which he had utilized to defeat many enemies.

Xiao Ai, who had studied under Xue Chuqing, had an excellent talent for arrays and formations. She had also obtained Yan Zhaoge’s permission to spectate the formation and benefited greatly from the experience.

She knew the value of Cloudy Firmament Fairy’s gift and noticed something special with it at first glance.

This time, the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation that Cloudy Firmament Fairy gifted was much more intricate.

As one of the few formation masters in ancient times, Cloudy Firmament Fairy had improved the Nine Bends Yellow River Formation over the years.

Xiao Ai was captivated by it, unable to withdraw her gaze.

She had received countless treasures today. Personally, she felt that this formation map was the most outstanding gift.

In the end, she quickly came back to her responsibility and stopped thinking about it. Then, she put away the formation map gift and continued to receive the next guest.

The next guest to visit was a bigwig.

Under the roaring thunder, a lightning chariot came to this world.

“Welcome, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.” At the same time as the lightning chariot came, Xu Fei’s figure appeared next to Xiao Ai, “Welcome Exalted Solar Luminary and Exalted Lunar Luminary.”

On the lightning chariot, wreaths of fragrant clouds scattered about. There was an old man in Daoist robes who wore a crown, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Then, there were Gao Han and Ling Qing standing behind him.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, who were foreign guests, came early to avoid being misunderstood as someone stirring up trouble. However, it was fine for the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s group, who were under the Three Clears Lineage, to come on the very day of the marriage.

It was currently the wedding ceremony, so Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng couldn’t appear and greet the guests directly.

Xu Fei would represent them and greet the attending guests. He would receive the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s arrival.

“Fellow Junior Xu, you’re overpolite.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor looked dignified, but his tone was gentle, “Here’s my little gift, blessing Fellow Daoist Yan and Fellow Daoist Feng to spend eternal life together.”

Xu Fei took over the gift; it was a ball of thunder.

It was just that this thunder light was different. The center of the thunder was chaos, blurred and elusive.

“Is this the Primordial Ancestral Lightning?” Xu Fei had a broad horizon. He recognized that this thunder was the first-ranked Primordial Ancestral Lightning in Nine Heavens.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had refined the ball of lightning, so it was calm. However, the terrifying power contained in it seemed capable of shattering the primordial gulf, establishing a new world.

“Thank you, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.” Xu Fei was unfazed and met the etiquette adequately.

However, he wasn’t as calm deep down in his heart. The relationship between the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Yan Zhaoge was unusual.

The Bright Connection Valley, where Yan Zhaoge’s mother Xue Chuqing was born, shared the same lineage as the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

So for today’s newlyweds, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was considered the senior generation of the host family.

He could have only come to attend the ceremony, and it didn’t matter if he brought a congratulatory gift or not.

Like the Incongruence Divine Mother who came first with Gao Qingxuan, Yu Ye, and other Prime Clear Juniors, Yan Zhaoge’s grandmother Di Qinglian was with her lineage. So they weren’t really regarded as an outsider guest.

Of course, Gao Qingxuan’s group wouldn’t miss out on the gifts and carefully prepare them.

However, given her seniority and status, Incongruence Divine Mother was free to do whatever she wanted. The congratulatory gift she prepared was the scripture she wrote personally, and she had sent her regards sincerely.

The situation of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was logically similar to that of the Incongruence Divine Mother.

But at present, Primordial Ancestral Lightning he prepared now was obviously much more valuable.

Xu Fei couldn’t help but ponder deeper about it.

“Young Heavenly Lord has deduced the Peerless Heavenly Scripture through an inverse approach. For my Jade Clear Lineage, his merit is limitless. I wish to play my role in assisting him.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said at this time, “Just so happens that he is getting married to Fellow Daoist Feng, the Primordial Ancestral Lightning is the perfect gift for it.”

After Xu Fei collected the ball of lightning that resembled a thunderous nimbus, he cupped his hands to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, “Thanks for the gift, Your Majesty.”

“The wedding of Young Heavenly Lord and Doomsday Heavenly Lord is a once-in-a-lifetime event. It is a blessing to witness it with my own eyes.” Gao Han said with a smile on the side, “It’s just a little gift of my regard.”

The gift Gao Han prepared was a kindling star’s core, which was rare and precious.

On the other hand, Ling Qing gifted an Extreme Yin Amethyst, which was rare to come by too.

Gao Han’s and Ling Qing’s gift was like the sun and the moon complementing each other, extruding an extraordinary radiance.

Although the gifts from the two of them were expensive, they were more conventional than the Primordial Ancestral Lightning of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Xu Fei thanked the two of them. After giving the gift to Xiao Ai for storage, he brought the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the others into the hall.

Yan Zhaoge, Yan Di, Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Incongruence Divine Mother, and others were all present in the hall. When the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor came in, everyone stood up to greet them.

After the group cupped their hands, they all took their seats.

Xu Fei sent a voice transmission to Yan Zhaoge. Still, the bridegroom’s expression remained unchanged. After a slight flicker of his eyes, another sound transmission was sent back as a reply to Xu Fei, “I got it. Senior brother, don’t worry about it. I’ll deal with him.”

The guests sat and chatted. Even though it was a festive day, people talked about the worldly situation.

Yan Zhaoge’s wedding had many parts of the world come to congratulate. It just so happened that the Daoism bigwigs actually got to gather. They would discuss the subsequent development of the situation.

However, some discussions could be delayed after the wedding ceremony. So it didn’t spoil the auspicious air at this moment.

Therefore, most of the conversations were primarily about the interesting trivials.

Daoism’s Grand Heavenly Immortals present mostly came from the Ancient Era. They had gone through many years and were not short of exciting stories to tell.

The younger generation, such as Yan Zhaoge, also found the stories told quite interesting.

Over time, more and more guests came.

North Star Emperor and Suo Mingzhang arrived at the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens simultaneously.

Since the confrontation when World Beyond Worlds separated in the past and then faced the enemy side by side when fighting for the Immortal Extermination Formation, the grievances between the two had long since dissipated. However, the air was still somewhat awkward.

After entering the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and arriving at the wedding ceremony, someone from Broad Creed Mountain hurriedly received the two Daoism Heavenly Lords.

The gift prepared by the North Star Emperor was a strange species of vine that had gone extinct in everyone’s minds.

Every part of the vine was a treasure. The fruit could be used as medicine, and the flowers and vines could be used for refining treasure. The roots wouldn’t absorb the spiritual energy in the soil but improve the soil quality instead.

Suo Mingzhang’s congratulatory gift was a lot more casual. It was a small flower crown woven from blue branches and leaves and white flowers.

They came from the Canghua Heavenly Tree.

Yan Zhaoge naturally recognized the value and meaning behind it. It was a shared blessing from both Suo Mingzhang and Shao Junhuang.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.