Chapter 1743: What Is His Purpose?

Chapter 1743: What Is His Purpose?

“The Humanly Essence Stone fragments which the Central Blessed Lands of Saha seized had entered the Western Pure Lands’ possession and then expedited the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord,” said Ne Zha.

“It seems right. To contain Maitreya Buddha, Amitabha and Western Pure Lands created another heretic to compete and dilute Maitreya Buddha’s faith power and inhibit his development.” Yan Zhaoge nodded.

“Thus, we can draw another speculation that the stronger the Maitreya Buddha and the stronger the Buddhism heretics, the more the hindrance imposed on Amitabha.”

Everyone in the hall came into silence.

For Dao Realm bigwigs, any slight change would affect the competition for transcendence.

The competition between Amitabhazu and East Sovereign Taiyi in this era started when the Tathagata Buddha transcended at the end of the previous era.

The two oldest Dao Realm bigwigs in the world went against each other many times.

The internal conflict in the Central Blessed Lands of Saha in the past and the Great Calamity that had a profound impact on Daoism were the manifestations of the two Dao Ancestors wrestling.

The wrestling contributed to the birth of two heretics and witnessed the birth of two new Dao Ancestors.

Yan Zhaoge once thought that the two heretics had been at war for many years since the Great Calamity, while the Western Pure Lands and the demon races had stayed behind the scenes to recuperate. It was not until the last few hundred years that they had finally emerged again.

Two opposing heretical factions were inevitably weaker than the Western Pure Lands and the demon race, like the pawns and vanguards.

Of course, there was a reason that the heretics were inferior to those in the same realm. After tracing back to the origin, their birth resulted from the battle between Amitabha and East Sovereign Taiyi.

Of course, since the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Future Buddha had successfully landed on Dao Realm, they had enough confidence to join the fray.

It was no surprise that heretics were full of ambition.

It seemed a bit ironic in the eyes of those who knew the inside story.

However, people in Daoism weren’t in the mood to mock heretics at the moment.

In the Great Calamity where the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was born, Daoism was robbed and fell to an unprecedented bottom.

Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was destroyed. The Three Clear Lineage had fallen, and many Daoism powerhouses perished.

Since then, the Daoism lineage had entered the darkest years in its history. They had only regained their vitality in recent years.

“The stronger the Maitreya Buddha and the stronger the Buddhism heretics, the more the hindrance imposed on Amitabha. Then…” Feng Yunsheng raised her eyebrows slightly, “How do Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Daoism affect each other?”

The Three Clears Ancestor had transcended with only the Supreme Elder Lord still existing.

“Buddhism and Daoism are inherently different.” Yang Jian added, “The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s attainment to the Dao Realm is somewhat different from the Maitreya Buddha. He not only needed the Humanly Essence Stone but the Heavenly Essence Stone too.”

“What’s more? Amitabha’s opponent is East Sovereign Taiyi. So there is no need to stir up additional trouble and involve the Supreme Elder Lord.”

If his wrestling against East Sovereign Taiyi would affect the Supreme Elder Lord, he was sure that the Supreme Elder Lord would immediately intervene on the spot.

Even if it didn’t affect the Supreme Elder Lord, Amitabha wasn’t sure whether the Lord would care about this matter.

Of course, Amitabha wouldn’t take the initiative to provoke the Lord.

In fact, instigating Daoism people to become Immeasurable Heavenly Lord wasn’t a choice for him either.

Future Buddha had taken the path of Buddhism heretic.

Nine Underworlds was a lineage of its own and did not follow the path of faith power.

The demon races were right under East Sovereign Taiyi.

So, Amitabha had no other choice but to pick someone out from Daoism, which was a significant risk of involving the Supreme Elder Lord.

Although the Supreme Elder Lord had turned a blind eye to it until now, and it seemed that the Western Pure Lands’ gamble had been successful, he still had some hidden worries.

After all, no one knew if the Supreme Elder Lord would suddenly seek revenge.

What’s more? No one was certain if the Supreme Elder Lord did nothing at all.

Yan Zhaoge sat in the chair and was silent.

“In Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture that only I can see…” Yan Zhaoge thought to himself, “My compatibility for Grand Clear Lineage’s Supreme Martial Arts surpasses everyone else. Should I also cultivate my father’s Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud?”

Yan Zhaoge pondered, while Ne Zha on the side had a gloomy face and grinned his teeth, “It really was the Western Pure Lands who instigated the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s existence and caused that Great Calamity!”

When the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was about to come into the world, it alerted the Future Buddha to hinder it.

In the end, the Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace was destroyed. The great thousand worlds were engulfed in war and shattered.

“I will get them back on these scores sooner or later.” Yang Jian said, “But we should still keep our feet on the ground and don’t let hatred cloud our mind.”

He looked at Ne Zha, “We all know how strong Dao Realm bigwig is. I don’t need to repeat it again. Even if we want to settle the old scores, our strength is not enough to do that yet. We need to reach a greater height before we can achieve that.”

Ne Zha nodded, “Don’t worry, Daoist Brother, I get it.”

He was arrogant and reckless, taking action before thinking it through.

After speaking to Yan Zhaoge and others sitting in the hall, he calmed down quickly.

“First of all, we have to plan the next step.” Yang Jian nodded at Ne Zha and then proceeded, “Now we learn some secrets of the year, and we also have some guesses about the motives of East Sovereign and Amitabha. “

“Next, it’s time to consider another question…”

Yan Zhaoge, who had been silent before, added to Yang Jian’s topic, “We should think about what Dao Monarch Lu Ya wants after sending us this letter? Wait, no…”

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and looked around at Feng Yunsheng, Yang Jian, and Ne Zha, “We should think about why the East Sovereign sent this letter to us?”

It was not an easy task to speculate what was in Dao Ancestors’ minds.

In fact, if it weren’t for the fact that several people in the main hall had strong enough cultivation, people of lower cultivation would certainly alert Amitabha and East Sovereign Taiyi by just talking about them.

Since Dao Monarch Lu Ya had passed on such secret information about the two great Dao Ancestors, even if the East Sovereign Taiyi did not instigate it, the matter was at least under his approval.

Without the help of East Sovereign Taiyi to cover it up, Amitabha would have been disturbed. The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits would be attacked in the journey before reaching Daoism’s universe.

“Why does the Eastern Sovereign tell us what happened back then?” Yan Zhaoge sat and tapped the table next to his finger lightly, “Whether it’s a dispute over orthodoxy or settling the old scores, Immortal Court and Immeasurable Heavenly Lord are still our greatest enemy, while the Western Pure Lands and Amitabha are behind it.”

“But it doesn’t mean that Daoism will clash with the Western Pure Lands and Immortal Court in a short period. Besides, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus isn’t innocent either. We have scores to settle with them.” Yan Zhaoge sighed, “What’s his purpose in sending us a message?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.