Chapter 1746: Let’S Get Married Every Day

Chapter 1746: Let’s Get Married Every Day

Ginseng Fruits were rich in spiritual qi, which effectively improved longevity.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng might not have an immediate need for the fruit, but they could give it to relatives and friends.

After all, there were very few people like them. Many people craved Ginseng Fruit but could not get their hands on it.

“Archaic Dipankara Buddha has always been like this.” Yang Jian smiled slightly, “But I don’t know what gifts Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and Dao Monarch Lu Ya gave this time?”

Yan Zhaoge said with a somewhat solemn expression on his face, “It turns out that the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits has the nine-colored lotus pedestal which Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord sat in the past. Today, he gave this treasure as a wedding gift for us as a couple.”

“

Oh?

” The other three were a little surprised, “This is a little unexpected.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “Indeed, Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord has perished. Having the treasure that he carried in the past returned to us is a great memorial to our ancestors.”

In the past, Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord sat on the nine-colored lotus pedestal in the Seven Treasures Fangqian Forest. He had nineteen cyan lions below him, spitting flames surrounding the throne.

There were nine divine lights shooting into the sky, radiating the brilliance wide and far. There was a cultivator, a warrior, a monk, a heavenly king, a prodigy, a jade maiden, and a guard beside him.

He incarnated a water bowl, a poplar branch, a lotus flower on his feet, and a halo.

The nine-colored lotus pedestal was once one of the treasures under Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord.

Speaking of which, Bhikkhu Xuan Du also sat on the nine-colored lotus pedestal, draping ten extremities crane hat. However, the nine-colored lotus pedestal he seated upon was different from the lotus pedestal under the seat of Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord.

Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord perished years ago. The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits escaped to the demon races’ faction in the Great Calamity.

Later, he made efforts to search for the whereabouts of Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord. However, all his efforts were in vain. Only the broken nine-colored lotus pedestal was recovered and brought back to the Astro Mountains Starry Sea.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits came to be a guest and attended the ceremony. Then, he brought it over as a gift to Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

Although the lotus pedestal had been damaged and couldn’t be of much use, it was of great significance to return it to Daoism as a relic of the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord in the past.

Yan Zhaoge reached out his hand. As the brilliance flickered, a small light spot magnified mid-air, turning into a lotus flower.

Looking at the damaged nine-colored lotus pedestal, everyone present looked solemn. Then, they cupped their hands towards the lotus pedestal and observed a moment of silence.

“We should build a Daoist temple and enshrine this lotus pedestal.” Yan Zhaoge collected the nine-colored lotus pedestal and said, “Aside from restoring the former Eastern Extremity Peculiar Strictness Palace, our Daoism descendants will have a place to pay tribute to the Nirvana Heavenly Lord.”

“That’s gratifying.” Feng Yunsheng nodded in agreement.

Ne Zha’s expression was no longer so serious. He asked Yan Zhaoge, “Senior Nine Saints’ gift is here, but did Dao Monarch Lu Ya not say anything?”

“Is there only one letter?” Yan Zhaoge said with a smile, “Dao Monarch Lu Ya is not so stingy. However, his gift is contradictory to Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’s blessing dew. It may signify a bad omen upon the clash of those treasures.”

Yan Zhaoge flicked his fingers at the end of his sentence. A crimson gold fire flashed in the air and disappeared in an instant.

But the air remained hot as if they were exposed to the blazing sun.

“It turns out to be the pure Earlier Heaven Essence of Departed Fire.” Yang Jian saw the spark and immediately noticed what it was, “Although it is said that fire and water will clash and cause disasters, I can see the newly married virtuous couple balancing out the yin and yang. It’s an auspicious sign.”

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng laughed, “We appreciate the auspicious words.”

“However, this Earlier Heaven Essence of Departed Fire seems a little weird.” Yang Jian pondered.

“Daoist Brother, you’re quite alert. I feel the same too.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Like the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s gift hints at something too.”

“For me, Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s gift is the most valuable among the four gifts today.” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flickered slightly.

The rest of the group was curious.

“It has something to do with the Fire Devil in Nine Underworlds. Is it related to the Kindling Devil Spirit that Dao Monarch Lu Ya got from the Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp?” Feng Yunsheng asked uncertainly.

“That’s right.” Yan Zhaoge nodded, “He gave us some hints. In the future Nine Underworlds’ game, although it is convenient for us to participate, it will grant an easy time to him.”

Although he still traded with Nine Underworlds and returned Devil of Fire safely in exchange for Nine Underworlds’ help to capture Sakyamuni Sarira, Dao Monarch Lu Ya also betrayed Nine Underworlds to Yan Zhaoge and others without hesitation.

Even though Yan Zhaoge killed the Lotus Dissemination Buddha, Qu Su of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, and the Nine-Headed Bug of the Astro Mountains Starry Sea not long ago.

The current situation was so unpredictable that it was difficult to distinguish between enemies and allies.

“Indeed, it’s the most valuable gift amongst them,” said Yang Jian.

The blessing dew was rare and its effect was magical, but there seemed to be something behind it.

The same was true for the Ginseng Fruit. It was up to Yan Zhaoge’s group to discern the meaning behind it to judge its true value.

The nine-colored lotus pedestal was mainly of commemorative significance.

Only the Earlier Heaven Essence of Departed Fire was related to the next game surrounding the Nine Underworlds and played a significant role in it, aside from its intrinsic value.

“Even the heretics grant us treasures in such a high caliber. I’m a little embarrassed with what I have.” Ne Zha sighed, “I should have prepared another gift. Right now, I’m empty-handed. It seems a little outrageous.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled and said, “Why is that so? I’m fine as long as the Sea Suppressing Pearl is under the credit of your account. Daoist Brother, don’t forget it in the future.”

“I will definitely not forget it.” Ne Zha waved his hand.

“Tomorrow is the ceremony. I want to request Daoist Brother to preside over it.” Yan Zhaoge said to Yang Jian.

“It’s an honor.” Yang Jian smiled, “In that case, I shall not disturb your personal time.”

After all, he and Ne Zha bid farewell and left.

“It’s really good to get married. I received a lot of gifts.” Yan Zhaoge said cheerfully in the hall, “It would be nice if we could get married once every day.”

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge’s greedy look in annoyance and delight at the same time, “Ya, you wish to be a groom every day so that you can have a new bride every night, right?”

“Hold on. I’m only agreeing on the front part.” Yan Zhaoge looked at her and smiled, “I’m just happy to receive betrothal gifts every day.”

“Well, I believe that with your shamelessness, you may really get married every day just to have gifts.” Feng Yunsheng scratched his cheek lightly with her finger and said to Yan Zhaoge, “But it doesn’t seem like you have that much time to come here once a day, right?”

Yan Zhaoge reached out to pull her over in his embrace, smiled, and said, “What a festive day.”

“Indeed, but according to mortal wedding customs, you shouldn’t be seeing me now, right?” Feng Yunsheng suddenly threw a smile. She turned around and left, “See you tomorrow.”

Yan Zhaoge pouted, “Fine, I’ll certainly catch you tomorrow!”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.