Chapter 1740: A Worldly Festive

Chapter 1740: A Worldly Festive

Although Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord had subdued Grand Saint of Nine Spirits into his mount in the past, it didn’t rob away the Saint’s character of being inaction and non-competitive. After the Lord disappeared during the Great Calamity, the Grand Saint regained his freedom and had been living in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea. He had never entered into a conflict with the people in Daoism.

In recent years, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits emerged back into the public’s eye, but his goal mainly was to go against the Traveling Monk Sun of the Western Pure Lands.

Therefore, there was no enmity between the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and Daoism. On the contrary, there seemed to have a vague sense of intimacy, plus the Saint was acquainted with many Daoism folks.

Although he was the mount of Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord back then, he could be despised by many people as a demon race Great Sage. However, most people were polite when they met him.

Strictly speaking, compared with Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, Jin Guangxian, Drake-Headed Immortal, Dingguang Joyous Buddha, and the rest, the relationship between the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and orthodox Daoism would be more harmonious and less awkward.

With the current realm and status of Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was undoubtedly the most suitable candidate if Dao Monarch Lu Ya wasn’t attending.

Of course, the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles had adequate power realm and status, but he wouldn’t be congratulating Yan Zhaoge and his wife on their wedding.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits’ visit was enough if it was just to attend the ceremony.

However, the Saint couldn’t calm down after reading Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s letter.

The letter’s content seemed to have nothing to do with the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, but he couldn’t ignore it. It was related to his goal to seek revenge and defeat the Victorious Fighting Buddha.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya was open and honest without hiding anything. It was a kind gesture of showing sincerity.

It occurred that Dao Monarch Lu Ya intentionally exposed this piece of information to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits in this errand.

However, it was up to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits to decide and guess how sincere Dao Monarch Lu Ya would be.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits stood silently on the trunk of the Fusang Divine Tree for a long time.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya also did not urge and waited patiently.

After a long time, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits received the bamboo slip and said, “Alright, I will head over this time.”

“Thanks for going through the trouble for us.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya handed the bamboo slip over with a smile.

Then, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits disappeared again into the dark cloud. Then, the dark cloud flew out of Grand Plainness Heavens and vanished instantly.

Dark clouds departed from the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, traveled through the endless void, and soon reached the void near Daoism’s universe.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits did not hide his track. He appeared and stood still in the void.

Soon, a young man appeared in front of him, with his feet on Wheels of Wind and Fire. It was the heroic and prideful Ne Zha.

“It has been a long time, old senior.” Facing the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, Ne Zha restrained his pride slightly. However, his eyes staring at the Great Demon in front of him were still sharp.

In the past, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits used to live in the Eastern Extremity Peculiar Strictness Palace in the Eastern Viridescent Splendour World of Endless Joy. He followed around Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord in Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace, so Ne Zha knew him naturally. The two could be considered acquaintances. This was the first time they met again since the Great Calamity.

“Your old man here is doing fine. On the other hand, I should congratulate you on your rebirth after the disaster.” Grand Saint of Nine Spirits continued, “Since Young Heavenly Lord and Doomsday Heavenly Lord are getting married, I wonder if I can enter to attend the banquet for some good wine?”

Ne Zha assessed the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits up and down, nodded, and said, “If you’re here to attend the ceremony, then you’re my guest. Please come inside.”

He took the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and entered the Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens.

“You came at the right time, old senior. Tomorrow is the big day for Fellow Daoist Yan and Fellow Daoist Feng.” The place Ne Zha brought Grand Saint of Nine Spirits to wasn’t Sky beyond Skies.

Yan Zhaoge had established a temporary world in Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens for the marriage.

“The two rising stars are legends beyond the senior generation. It’s a grand ceremony to celebrate their dedication to walking their path in unity. This old man is honored to be a witness.” The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits looked at the new world dedicated to the marriage up and asked, “Apart from your old senior, who are the foreign guests?”

If there were no outside guests and the guests were limited to Daoism, the marriage would be arranged at Sky beyond Skies’ Broad Creed Mountain.

“Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva has arrived. She is chatting with Fellow Daoist Yan and Daoist Brother Yang Jian.” Ne Zha replied after a moment of silence.

“It turns out to be a visitor from the West.” The expression of the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits remained unchanged.

[TN: It’s a more classical approach to address the orthodox Buddhism as the “West”]

They entered this world together and saw a magnificent pavilion already erected in it.

The palace was decorated with colorful lanterns, giving off a festive air.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was amazed by the view.

The sight in front of him was common in the mortal’s world, but it was somewhat novel to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

It wasn’t that he lacked the experience in this world, but these elements of life were something outside his reach, and he didn’t care much about it.

Many bigwigs had become life companions in history, and it wasn’t uncommon.

Immortal Realm powerhouses often had marriages, but it was rare to have Grand Heavenly Realm existence to join their life paths across all eras.

It was even rarer to have top-notch powerhouses to have a marriage similar to the mortal’s marriage custom in the secular world.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits took a pause and observed everything. Then, he sighed, “What a young thing to do…”

It wasn’t a condescending comment with his seniority in age. On the contrary, Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was full of admiration in his tone.

Given the current cultivation realm of the soon-to-be-married couple, their age was considered young.

And, it was because they were young that they were like the mortal’s middle-aged and young couples. Unlike the marriage of top bigwigs, it was mainly to support each other and move forward together.

The so-called life companion in the aspect of cultivation referred to seeking partners in the pursuit of martial arts. Among them, there were many loving couples, but it didn’t necessarily mean that they were all lovers.

Only young couples who had met and established a relationship at a young age had the worldly air of romance like Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

It was the first time Grand Saint of Nine Spirits had seen such a young couple with such a high cultivation level. How could he not be filled with emotion?

Following Ne Zha, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits came to the front of the main hall.

Yan Zhaoge’s voice sounded in the hall, “We’re happy about your visit, Old Senior Nine Spirits. Please forgive us for not receiving you into this place. I would like to thank Daoist Brother Ne Zha for hosting on our behalf.”

Ne Zha and Grand Saint of Nine Spirits didn’t mind it. Then, they saw a few people walking out of the main hall.

It was Yan Zhaoge, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, and Yang Jian.

“Brother Nine Spirits is here too.” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva greeted the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits with a smile.

“Bodhisattva.” Grand Saint of Nine Spirits returned the greeting as usual, “This is such a grand event. The old man is going to be blunt and seek some good wine today.”

“It is indeed a grand event, rare in ancient and modern times.” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva commented with a smile.

Ne Zha looked at Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, silent.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva sighed and nodded at Ne Zha as a courtesy.

“There will be a grand ceremony on the auspicious day tomorrow. Bodhisattva, please follow me to your resting quarter.” Yang Jian greeted and brought Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva to the guest room, leaving Yan Zhaoge to entertain the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.