Chapter 1745: Helping No One

Chapter 1745: Helping No One

As soon as Yan Zhaoge spoke up, Feng Yunsheng, Yang Jian, and Ne Zha looked at him.

The three did not question Yan Zhaoge. On the contrary, they all had thoughtful expressions on their faces.

“The key to us still lies in the Nine Underworlds game, where the several Grand Heavenly Immortals compete for the chance of attaining Dao Realm.” Yan Zhaoge said in deep thoughts, “Amitabha’s and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi’s game plan involves the emergence of the new era brought by the Nine Underworlds.”

Then, Yan Zhaoge did not go on but stopped there.

When discussing the critical matters involving Dao Realm bigwigs, they had to be cautious. Otherwise, it would easily attract these behemoths’ attention.

Luckily, the rest of the group already understood what Yan Zhaoge had in store for now.

“What fellow Daoist had said coincides with what’s in my mind!” Ne Zha gave a high five and laughed.

“At that time, the variables will be magnified.” Yang Jian said, “The key really depends on who can attain the Dao Realm.”

“Who comes first is a big question.” He looked at Yan Zhaoge, “If Uncle Xuandu and the others become the winner first, but we lose this game, we have to make up our mind. Even if we don’t want to, we have to make a decision.”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “I agree with what the Daoist Brother said.”

“If we guessed correctly, the Eastern Sovereign has the upper hand now.” Ne Zha said at this time, “It stands to reason that Amitabha is more anxious, but he didn’t reveal the matter to us. Instead, he only had the Eastern Sovereign send someone to pass us the letter.”

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva came to attend the ceremony on behalf of Western Pure Lands to ease the relationship with Daoism lineage. She wasn’t stingy in terms of gift etiquette.

But she did not mention the rivalry between Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

“Like what Yunsheng said before, the Nine Underworlds is the most suitable ally for the Western Pure Lands compared to us. Of course, they would still be wary of each other.” Yan Zhaoge said, “All in all, the Central Blessed Lands of Saha and we were the collateral in the brawl between the two Dao Ancestors. Still, the Western Pure Lands brought upon the birth of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Great Calamity.”

Under the premise that there wasn’t much choice, most people in Daoism would adopt the same opinion as Ne Zha. However, they would rather help Eastern Sovereign Taiyi instead.

Amitabha and Western Pure Lands were also well aware of this.

“I’m certainly ‘impressed’ with Archaic Dipankara Buddha.” Yan Zhaoge mocked hilariously in displeasure, “Look at his gift. What a sly fox!”

When Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng got married, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva came to attend the ceremony and presented her gift, which was a bottle of blessing dew.

It was a top-notch treasure that was best at purifying evil. For example, it effectively cleaned the Nine Underworlds’ seawater when it polluted the Green Lotus Treasured Flag.

In addition to the gift from Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva herself, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha also had sent a gift through Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’s hands.

When Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva passed Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s gift to Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng and Ne Zha heard it and looked over curiously.

At the same time when Yan Zhaoge met with Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits happened to be visiting, so Yan Zhaoge sat down with the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits for a long chat.

When he previously received the Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva gift, he did not unpack it yet. Sure enough, Feng Yunsheng and Ne Zha didn’t know what was in it. However, Yang Jian, who came with Yan Zhaoge to welcome the guest, knew what was in the gift after entertaining Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.

Hearing what Yan Zhaoge said, Yang Jian also smiled and nodded in agreement.

“

Here

, look.” Yan Zhaoge flipped the sleeves of his robe, revealing a brocade handkerchief.

After unpacking it, there were two fat children who had not reached the age of three inside, with all limbs and facial features intact.

Seeing this, Ne Zha was stunned for a moment.

“Is that the Ginseng fruit?” Although it was Feng Yunsheng’s first encounter with the real ginseng fruit, she had seen the appearance of the ginseng fruit in this world through a map before, and she was no stranger to its appearance.

What’s more? Yan Zhaoge had planted a Ginseng Tree on Broad Creed Mountain in Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens and Sky beyond Skies.

It was just that the Ginseng Tree on Broad Creed Mountain was stem grafted. As a result, its spiritual qi was much inferior, and its magical property was weaker.

However, Yan Zhaoge had two genuine Gingseng fruit on his palm. They were born from the Ginseng fruit tree in Wuzhuang Temple on Primordial Suppressing Immortal Mansion in the past. They were so beautiful and graceful that they were better than those on Broad Creed Mountain.

“Fresh Ginseng fruits picked not long ago…” Feng Yunsheng frowned as she looked at the two fruits.

Ginseng Fruit had magical properties which pushed its value sky-high.

The fruit would be easily ruined if there was any mishap in the harvesting process. Even if the fruit was successfully harvested, it was recommended to be consumed quickly.

Otherwise, if the fruits were kept for a long time, they would soon become dry with their potency significantly reduced, and the taste deteriorated.

“So, the Primordial Suppressing Immortal’s Ginseng Tree located at Wuzhuang Temple in the past is in Western Pure Lands’ possession?” Feng Yunsheng asked with a frown.

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “You should be right.”

“It’s more than a simple gift from the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.” Feng Yunsheng asked, “Is he hinting at something else? Is it to remind us about Primordial Suppressing Immortal?”

“So, that’s why I said the Dipankara Buddha is sly.” Yan Zhaoge smiled in annoyance, “He didn’t seem to convey anything from these two fruits, but he is throwing a bunch of random clues and keeping us guessing.”

If their guess was right, it was a gift. Otherwise, they would have fallen into a trap.

“That old baldy…” Ne Zha gritted his teeth, wishing he could immediately go to Western Pure Lands and battle with Archaic Dipankara Buddha to settle the old scores.

“It is rumored that the Wuzhuang Temple was destroyed in the Great Calamity, and the Ginseng Tree’s whereabouts are unclear.” Feng Yunsheng said, “Now it seems that the Ginseng Tree was not destroyed but was transplanted into the Western Pure Lands. But, what happened to Primordial Suppressing Immortal?”

Since the Great Calamity in the past, there had been no news of Primordial Suppressing Immortal.

According to the information currently available to Yan Zhaoge’s group, the turmoil that broke out in Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace at the beginning of the Great Calamity was related to the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s emergence. More than one Daoism bigwig was interrupting the process, but they failed in the end.

It was likely that Primordial Suppressing Immortal was also involved.

But in turn, he also became one of the suspects in the incarnation of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

“There are three possibilities.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Firstly, the Primordial Suppressing Immortal is still alive, but he has been secluded in the Western Pure Lands and has never appeared in the world, just like the previous Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and Yellow Robe Monster, so his whereabouts remain unknown.”

“Secondly, the Primordial Suppressing Immortal has perished. The Ginseng Tree has either fallen into the hands of the Amitabha or the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.”

“Thirdly, the Primordial Suppressing Immortal is the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and the fruit tree has always been in his hands.”

Yan Zhaoge weighed the fruit in his hand and smiled happily, “It’s still a great treasure though, but the Archaic Dipankara Buddha is really a sly fox.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.