Chapter 1741: Origin Of Heretics

Chapter 1741: Origin Of Heretics

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva smiled and bid farewell to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, who nodded in return.

The atmosphere between the two was harmonious, unlike when the Western Pure Lands and the demon races were at war previously.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits watched Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva leave and soon realized the situation.

Like him, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was also a person in the Western Pure Lands who had some connections and a peaceful relationship with Daoism.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva came to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens to attend the ceremony on behalf of Western Pure Lands. With that, Buddhism no doubt relaxed the tension with Daoism.

There was a lot of hatred because of the Great Calamity back then.

Even though Yang Jian had injured Archaic Dipankara Buddha not long ago and both factions had fought for the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner previously, it did not affect the possible cooperation between the two.

Like when Nine Underworlds helped the demon races fight for Sakyamuni Sarira, they now helped Western Pure Lands searching for Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation as the foundation, the Daoism lineage composed of powerhouses had an equal footing with other forces. Naturally, the Daoism lineage also had an intrinsic value that attracted cooperation with other forces.

It was possible to have a life-and-death war in the future, but at least not now.

Everyone took the opportunity to get what they needed and constantly accumulated their forces.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits knew that Dao Monarch Lu Ya had a similar purpose in asking him to visit the Daoism’s universe this time.

In this regard, there was no need to expose it. The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits made a trip to attend the ceremony, which was already an apparent gesture.

Yan Zhaoge and others also knew it well. They chatted with the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits, “Do you have any clues about the true body of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord?”

“Immeasurable Heavenly Lord should be an incarnation manifested from a Daoism’s Heavenly Lord. There are only a few candidates who fit the criteria, but it is difficult for me to tell who is it.” The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits added, “Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord has caught a few hints here and there. He took the Humanly Essence Stone fragment from me and left. Unfortunately, he didn’t mention it much.”

The “Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord” in his words referred to the legendary Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor, one of the oldest Heavenly Lords in the history of Daoism.

Although the Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord had long since perished, and the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits had long since been freed, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was still respectful when referring to him at this moment.

Although Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord had subdued him and taken his freedom away back then, he had been listening to Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s teachings at Eastern Extremity Peculiar Strictness Palace and gained a lot from it.

The Grand Saint was able to break through the Origin Heavenly Tribulation and achieve the Grand Heavenly Realm because of this.

To a certain extent, he could also be counted as a half disciple of Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord.

Having said this, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits paused for a moment before continuing, “Someone in the Western Pure Lands should know about the truth with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.”

“In the worst-case scenario, Amitabha’s ancestors must have known it. I’m going to guess it frankly that the Dipankara Buddha knows it. As for Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, it is hard to say whether she knew it at the time, but most likely yes.”

“So that’s the case.” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes lit up, looking at the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits nodded, took out the bamboo slip, and handed it to Yan Zhaoge.

“This is the letter that Brother Lu Ya asked me to forward to you.” The old demon said, “After reading the letter, you may be less confused about some things back then.”

“

Oh?

” Yan Zhaoge took the bamboo slip and did not open it immediately. Instead, he nodded to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and said, “In that case, I would like to thank Senior Nine Spirits for sending the letter.”

“You’re welcome.” The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits said, “If fellow Daoist wishes to issue a reply, you can also hand it to me to bring it back.”

“Of course,” replied Yan Zhaoge.

The two tacitly changed the subject and continued to chat about other things.

After the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was arranged to rest in the guest room, Yan Zhaoge sat back on his chair, weighed the bamboo slip in his hand, and pondered.

After a while, Feng Yunsheng, Yang Jian, and Ne Zha all arrived in the hall. Yan Zhaoge offered, “Let’s take a look together.”

According to the customs, Feng Yunsheng, who was about to be a bride, wouldn’t be seeing the outsider guests. But, she did not shy away from Yang Jian and Ne Zha. She came to sit beside Yan Zhaoge.

Yang Jian and Ne Zha were also seated opposite, looking at the bamboo slip in Yan Zhaoge’s hands with curiosity.

If Yan Zhaoge did not disclose the letter’s content, they would not pursue it. However, since Yan Zhaoge was willing to disclose it, Yang Jian and Ne Zha would not refuse the invitation.

After reading the information in the bamboo slips together, the four people present looked at each other. They all turned silent and solemn.

After a long while, Ne Zha let out a long sigh and said hatefully, “It really is Western Pure Lands!”

“The Humanly Essence Stone fragments in Maitreya Buddha’s possession did not come from the Tathagata Buddha and the Central Blessed Lands of Saha, but the demon races.” Feng Yunsheng muttered to herself, “East Sovereign helped the Maitreya Buddha and the Blessed Lands.”

“Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s Humanly Essence Stone fragments are the ones in the hands of Buddhism during the past. Therefore, it’s fair to say that Amitabha contributes to the existence of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Immortal Court…”

Yan Zhaoge and Yang Jian didn’t speak. Instead, their eyes flickered slightly with fluctuations surging in their hearts.

Yan Zhaoge and others had similar speculations, but it was difficult to get conclusive confirmation.

Yan Zhaoge sighed in response to learning the harsh news.

Dao Realm’s bigwig didn’t necessarily know everything because they would cover it up, let alone the competitive scene among them.

But relatively speaking, they had most of the things in the world in their grasp.

For the demon races, they would refer their doubts to East Sovereign Taiyi. Likewise, it could be Amitabha for Western Pure Lands and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil for the Nine Underworlds.

However, although the Supreme Elder Lord existed in Daoism, his presence didn’t make much difference in this respect.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s words weren’t necessarily true.

However, after confirming with other information that Yan Zhaoge and others had at hand, they could make an educated guess.

In the past, the Central Blessed Lands of Saha from Buddhism was in turmoil. Maitreya Buddha was supposed to succeed after Tathagata Buddha, but he failed because of Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

At this point, his hope of landing in the Dao Realm was severed.

However, Maitreya Buddha exceeded expectations and used the Humanly Essence Stone fragments to take another path. He then finally successfully landed on the Dao Realm. Then, the Future Buddha was born, and the Central Blessed Lands of Saha was converted into Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Buddhism, therefore, changed significantly. At the same time, Daoism was divided until now.

Years later, Daoism heretics were also born in addition to Buddhism heretics.

After the Great Calamity, the Daoism lineage and Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace withered together. The Buddhas heretics also had an opponent who was constantly vying for faith power with them… the Immortal Court.

“Lu Ya’s action in sending us this piece of news is quite complicated!” Yang Jian said slowly after thinking for a moment.

“Indeed…” Yan Zhaoge leaned back in his chair and looked up at the dome of the main hall, “Dao Monarch Lu Ya uses a few simple words and reinstates what we already know. But, why did the situation end up so?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.