Chapter 1751: Blessings From Relatives & Friends

Chapter 1751: Blessings From Relatives & Friends

“Secondly, bow to the elders!” Ne Zha shouted.

Yan Di and Xue Chuqing looked at Yan Zhaoge in front of them and smiled.

On the other side, Fu Enshu was pulled into a trance. She was gratified with Feng Yunsheng as her disciple, who had grown further than her.

To some extent, Feng Yunsheng was her most proud disciple, even going beyond Sikong Qing and others.

This wasn’t because Feng Yunsheng had the highest achievement, but because Feng Yunsheng’s journey had been far more difficult than others, such as Sikong Qing.

Even Fu Enshu, who had always been strict, felt that she couldn’t go as far as Feng Yunsheng if she were in Feng Yungsheng’s shoes.

For Feng Yunsheng’s achievements today, Fu Enshu did not dare to take credit but was sincerely proud of this disciple.

Now that Yunsheng had finally found a suitable bride to marry, Fu Enshu was naturally pleased.

Fu Enshu had recognized Yan Zhaoge’s excellence as early as during the time in Eight Extremities World.

He had worked hand in hand with Feng Yunsheng until now. Fu Enshu recognized that and felt happy for Feng Yunsheng.

Just looking at Yan Zhaoge, she couldn’t help but think of the other side of him.

Fu Enshu subconsciously looked at Yan Di and Xue Chuqing next to her, having a mixed feeling.

However, her eyes moved back and forth between Yan Zhaoge and Yan Di, and she soon was relieved of her mental knot.

The last bit of knot that had always been there completely dissipated at the moment when the couple entered the wedding hall.

A faint smile appeared on Fu Enshu’s face.

Those from the Broad Creed Mountain lineage, Yuan Zhengfeng, Fang Zhun, and the other elders, smiled pleasantly.

Yuan Zhengfeng gave Fu Enshu a thoughtful glance, and his smile grew wider.

“The husband and wife shall bow to each other!” Ne Zha shouted.

Among the eight women who had just walked in with Feng Yunsheng, one looked at Yan Zhaoge and his wife longingly and then looked around the hall.

“If only I could have a scene like this when I got married…” Jun Luo pursed her lips.

As one of the Yan Family’s allies in the Eight Extremities World, Jun Zhiyuan and Jun Luo (father-and-daughter duo) had long settled in Sky beyond Skies.

Since it was Yan Zhaoge’s wedding, Yan Di had invited them and their old friends, such as Zhao Shicheng, the lord of the Eastern Tang Dynasty, to attend the ceremony.

Junluo knew Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng when they were young. They often roamed around after visiting the Sky beyond Skies. This time, together with the daughters of Meng Wan and Guan Yuluo, they were the bridesmaids for Feng Yunsheng.

Her eyes wandered in the hall for a long time and finally came back to the Yan Zhaoge couple. She said with admiration, “They’re the perfect match!”

On the other side, a woman was looking at Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng in a trance.

It was Yu Ye, but that was common for her. She tended to be in a daze from time to time.

She was a little lost, but it had nothing to do with Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng. Of course, it had nothing to do with anyone at today’s ceremony.

Just looking at the newlywed couple at the moment made her think of another person.

Yu Ye came back to her senses and looked at Meng Wan, Fu Ting, Guan Yuluo, and others beside her.

They were the ones who accompanied Feng Yunsheng into the hall just now.

She looked towards the opposite side, where Xu Fei, Ying Longtu, Xia Guang and others who had accompanied Yan Zhaoge just now.

“If you’re still here, you should be standing among them, right?” Yu Ye whispered to herself.

Then, her gaze came back to the newlyweds. Her eyes became joyful and tender, and she praised, “It’s a blessing to reach the stage of marriage in the end.”

Beside her, Meng Wan also had a smile on her face, looking at the newlyweds.

“Senior apprentice-sister, the hard times are over, and the good times are just beginning.” Meng Wan had finally departed from her mortal shell and attained immortal form. Looking at the newlyweds at this moment, she couldn’t help but feel emotionally touched, and the corners of her eyes were wet.

She couldn’t help but think of her youth in the Eight Extremities World when she was still in Sacred Sun Clan.

At that time, she and Feng Yunsheng were still senior apprentice-sisters who lived together.

Suddenly, Feng Yunsheng met a bad fate and fell from the mountain peak to the bottom of the valley. Later, she was forced to escape from the Sacred Sun Clan because he injured Xiao Sheng.

Afterward, Feng Yunsheng met Yan Zhaoge to restore the Extreme Yin Physique and emerged back in the public’s eyes. However, the two sisters became opponents in the Extreme Yin Test and had to fight against each other.

Later, the Sacred Sun Clan perished. After coming to the World beyond Worlds, the victor of Extreme Yin Crown was finally decided.

But then Feng Yunsheng fell into Nine Underworlds because of Exalted Rahu Luminary, Jian Shunhua.

It was not until World beyond Worlds separated that the two could reunite. Then, Feng Yunsheng finally settled down, and she no longer had to continue wandering.

In the days when Feng Yunsheng’s whereabouts were unknown, Yan Zhaoge had been waiting for her to come back. Today, they finally could marry blissfully. Sure enough, Meng Wan was happy for Feng Yunsheng.

Although Meng Wan knew that the future was still unpredictable, she only had joy in her heart watching Feng Yunsheng get married.

Beside her, Guan Yuluo was equally elated.

Unlike Meng Wan, who was so reserved, Guan Yuluo had a brighter smile on her face.

Meng Wan smiled and turned to look to the other side, and couldn’t help but be slightly startled.

Her half-sister, Fu Ting, looked at the newlyweds with slightly complicated eyes.

There were hints of blessings and joy in those gazes like everyone else.

But there seemed to be something more.

“Sister?” Meng Wan quietly sounded a transmission to Fu Ting.

They only met each other until they were adults and came from different mothers. Moreover, it was a little awkward because of their father.

But Fu Ting had been taking care of Meng Wan, her half-sister, over the years.

Thinking that Meng Wan left her biological parents and lived alone in the Eight Extremities World since she was a child, Fu Ting felt pity for her.

After years of getting along, Meng Wan was much closer to Fu Ting than his father, Fu Yunchi.

At this moment, she noticed something odd with Fu Ting.

Fu Ting turned her head to look at Meng Wan. She seemed to know what Meng Wan was thinking. She smiled and shook her head, “Don’t worry, I’m fine now. I just feel a little emotional when I think about Zeng Jin.”

Meng Wan looked at her, nodded lightly, and said nothing more.

Fu Ting looked back at the newlyweds, smiled slightly, and the indescribable gloom in her eyes gradually disappeared, as if she had completely let it go.

After the ceremony, Yu Ye, Meng Wan, Guan Yuluo, and others stepped forward again and accompanied Feng Yunsheng to the courtyard behind the hall.

Yan Zhaoge stayed and continued to entertain the guests.

There was surely another time for the official affairs. At this moment, they were here for the joyous event.

Before the Great Calamity in the past, there were always grand banquets at the Jade Pond Peach Feast and Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace. After the Great Calamity, Daoism declined, and even these feasts became history.

Yan Zhaoge’s wedding banquet had a slight resemblance to such events in the past.

The host and guests enjoyed themselves. Ne Zha, Xu Fei, and others pushed Yan Zhaoge to the bridal chamber before leaving.

After being harassed by Meng Wan, Jun Luo, and Guan Yuluo, and after sending these bridesmaids away, Yan Zhaoge finally entered the bridal chamber.

His bride was waiting there.

Yan Zhaoge stepped forward slowly and lifted the red veil, revealing Feng Yunsheng’s face under the bridal veil.

Feng Yunsheng was a little shy, but she still raised her head and looked at Yan Zhaoge. Her eyes were twinkling with tenderness.

“Zhaoge…” She said, “No matter how difficult the next game of Nine Underworlds is, I won’t feel any regret after today.”

Before she finished speaking, she had closed her eyes. Yan Zhaoge had approached and sealed her lips with a kiss.

The bride leaned in the groom’s embrace.

After a long while, Yan Zhaoge pressed his lips to her ear and said softly, “Let’s not talk about those. We have much more important things to do.”

“What?” Feng Yunsheng bit her lip and said, “Just say it. I’m listening.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled and kept quiet, nibbling her round earlobes, making her breathing more rapid as his lips brushed her skin.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.