Chapter 1752: Is It A Diversion?

Chapter 1752: Is It A Diversion?

Feng Yunsheng stood by the window, leaning against Yan Zhaoge’s arms behind her.

Yan Zhaoge wore a long robe and wrapped Feng Yunsheng in his arms.

He rested his chin lightly on Feng Yunsheng’s shoulder and said with a chuckle, “Young maiden.”

“Who was the one suffering a bad fate from the young maiden?” Feng Yunsheng narrowed her eyes lazily, casually rebutting him.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, hugged her, and said softly, “I’m inexperienced either.

Haih

, I have been waiting for someone, and it actually took decades.”

“You…” Feng Yunsheng softened, but she said unwillingly, “You’re shameless!”

Yan Zhaoge took her hand lightly and let her rest on the window frame.

“It’s the first time in my life in the bride’s veil last night.” Feng Yunsheng bit her lip lightly, feeling the tighter pressure coming from behind her.

After another while, Yan Zhaoge carried Feng Yunsheng back to his room.

“You are just taking this opportunity to bully me now.” Feng Yunsheng complained, “The longer we’re together, the more useless your methods will be.”

Yan Zhaoge laughed, “I’m not using any special tricks just now. It’s just the young maiden being too inexperienced.”

Then, he chuckled, “When I’m serious, you can’t stand it. So let me spare you some time to learn slowly.”

“I will defeat you one day!” Feng Yunsheng gnashed her teeth.

Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but laugh, “Fine. I’ll wait. We have ample time in the future.”

“The future…” Feng Yunsheng’s gaze grew warm and tender.

However, after a while, she had a worried look.

Yan Zhaoge could feel the emotional change of the person in his arms without looking down.

He said warmly, “Relax. I’m more confident in the next round with the Nine Underworlds.”

The couple had attained the balance of yin and yang (sexual innuendo). At the same time, it helped him understand Feng Yunsheng’s situation more clearly.

The bride seemed to be more straightforward than the groom verbally. However, she still flushed after listening to Yan Zhaoge’s words, with her face becoming a little rosy. She could only nod lightly.

“However, I’m sensing something else.” Yan Zhaoge said softly, “Of course, I’m more concerned about you. Is the Nine Underworlds taking advantage of this to create a diversion?”

Hearing the second half of the sentence, Feng Yunsheng, who was still a little shy previously, became solemn, “Diversion?”

“It’s just a premonition because it seems to be related to the fate of the Nine Underworlds. Since you’re linked to the Doomsday Heavenly Devil, Nine Underworlds’ plan shouldn’t be so simple.” Yan Zhaoge murmured, “At the current state, they seem to be passive, and their aggression is lower than what I have expected.”

Feng Yunsheng raised her head, and he lowered his head slightly; the couple met each other’s gaze.

“It will be much simpler if only the Origin Heart Devil hosts it. However, there’s still the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil behind the Nine Underworlds.” Yan Zhaoge continued.

“

Yeah

.” Feng Yunsheng nodded lightly.

She smiled bitterly, “I should feel more relaxed hearing what you said, but why am I feeling more alerted?”

Yan Zhaoge sat down, let Feng Yunsheng lean on his arms, and said, “Because we don’t know where the Nine Underworlds are coming from, the unknown threat is always the biggest threat.”

“Even though we shouldn’t take it lightly, we shouldn’t worry too much either. Nine Underworlds is under more pressure than any other faction.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “As you always say, we need to prepare ourselves first.”

Yan Zhaoge naturally focused on the most important things on the wedding night.

But on the following day, he and Feng Yunsheng had to be busy with other things.

With a large number of guests, this wedding ceremony was both a grand event and a party.

In particular, almost all of the top Daoism lineage experts attended. While congratulating Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, they also discussed the current situation and the future development of Daoism.

Naturally, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva could not attend such gatherings, and they did not need to stay any longer.

They had achieved their goal for this trip. After staying for a few days, the demons and Buddhas bid farewell and left.

Yang Jian and Ne Zha sent them away, respectively. Then, Ne Zha handed the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits a letter before he left.

“I will have to trouble senior in bringing this to Dao Monarch Lu Ya.” Ne Zha said goodbye to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits took the identical bamboo slip, nodded, and replied, “I will definitely bring it back, but I wonder if the Three Clears Lineage acknowledges this letter?”

“We do.” Ne Zha said simply, “If the senior is interested, you can preview it first.”

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits shook his head and said, “No need. I’m only responsible for sending the letters.”

“I see. Take care, senior.” Ne Zha said bluntly, “It’s not just me. Other colleagues also hope that seniors will consider and return to Daoism.”

“The old man is lazy and lives in seclusion. It’s the same everywhere. Now that I emerge for the sake of the past to fight against the Victorious Fighting Buddha Buddha in Western Pure Lands. After meeting this wish, I have no desire and no intention to participate in other disputes.” The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits replied, “I have already served the Buddhism Dharma Protector’s Eternal Rest. After the Great Calamity, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi took me in, and I escaped the catastrophe. Thus, I would still serve the Eastern Sovereign and return the past favors. I hope to seek apologies from Fellow Daoists.”

Ne Zha said, “Senior, you’re too polite. Since you have decided, I naturally don’t want to force it. Let’s meet again.”

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits bid farewell to Ne Zha before returning to the Astro Mountains Starry Sea.

After entering the Grand Plainness Heavens and coming to the Fusang Divine Tree, he saw Dao Monarch Lu Ya, who was waiting.

“Thanks, Fellow Nine Saints.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya welcomed the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits. The old lion didn’t stay much, just sent the letter and said goodbye.

Unlike the first time the letter was sent, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits did not inquire about the letter’s content this time.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya read the letter in the bamboo slip after bidding farewell to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits with the Golden Crow Great Sage beside him.

“Ancestor?” The Golden Crow Great Sage sent the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits away. He saw Dao Monarch Lu Ya holding the bamboo slip in contemplation when he came back.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya played with the bamboo slip in his hands and said casually, “It’s just us grabbing what we need, but we should still put some thoughts into the details.”

He took the bamboo slip, transformed into a rainbow light, and flew into the sky. He would be entering the Plains of Nuwa and meeting Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

On the other hand, Ne Zha also returned to Daoism’s universe after bidding farewell to the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

The gathering of Daoism bigwigs was still going on.

Most of the focus was still on the next round with the Nine Underworlds.

The complex relationship might lead to various changes in the situation at any time, making everyone think deeply about it.

When the time came, it was important to be flexible.

The more prepared you are, the more adaptable you will be.

After a basic discussion, all the bigwigs finally began to disperse.

“The virtuous couple is like the dragon and phoenix. Now that the lovebirds are married, it’s gratifying.” Gao Han bid farewell to Yan Zhaoge and said with emotion, “Although the virtuous couple originated from a lower world, the shining pearl won’t be hindered by mere dust. This is a great blessing to Daoism.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.