Chapter 1756: The Devil’S Kidnap

Chapter 1756: The Devil’s Kidnap

Among the dwellers in the Broad Creed Mountain, Shi Jun was undoubtedly the person who cared about the Nine Underworlds’ matter the most, besides the top powerhouses such as Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and Xu Fei.

He had never forgotten the experience where his mother, Ying Yuzhen, was almost being reborn as a Great Devil.

Although it was no longer the Earth Devil this time, Shi Jun was still feeling restless.

“The body for Water Devil’s rebirth this time is not among our peers, nor is it under the jurisdiction of Daoism’s universe.” Yan Zhaoge was affected by Shi Jun’s emotions at this moment too. In the end, Shi Jun gradually calmed down and said in detail, “Taiyi Cultivated Deity told us that it should have happened within the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.”

“Blessed Lands of the White Lotus?” Yan Zhaoge nodded and said to Xia Guang, “Tell Brother Ne Zha about it and ask him to be prepared.”

Xia Guang replied, “Yes, senior brother.”

Yan Zhaoge continued, “Inform your master and ask him to leave in a hurry. My North Ocean Clone and Pan Pan will set off with him.”

“I shall follow my senior uncle’s orders.” Shi Jun bowed and left.

“Let’s have a look together?” After giving the instructions, Yan Zhaoge turned his head and smiled at Feng Yunsheng.

“Okay.” Feng Yunsheng was calm as usual. She joined Yan Zhaoge and left Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Soon, Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng appeared in front of the Land of Buddhism. White lotuses were in full bloom, and green lamps remained lit in the Blessed Lands.

However, war was breaking out here at this moment.

The flames of war burned to a corner of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. It was as if the pond of white lotuses had one of its corners stained with thick black ink. The pollution didn’t go away, dyeing the blossoming white lotuses black.

Seeing this, Yan Zhaoge smacked his lips, “

Huh

, things got so intense from the beginning.”

“Unlike the previous attempts to trade for Fire Devil and Earth Devil, the Nine Underworlds decided to seize it forcefully.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity appeared beside Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

There were shadows in the void. Figures of other Daoism’s Heavenly Lord were looming, spectating the war as if they might descend into this world.

However, everyone had no idea of intervening in it, just watching from the side.

“It’s not that the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus is easy to bully.” Yan Zhaoge laughed, “Since it’s the last devil, the Nine Underworlds has no scruples. If the devil appears in other factions, they will launch a frontal attack to snatch it too. After all, everyone is glad to see that happening.”

The Heavenly Lords of Daoism and the top powerhouses of other major forces were also paying attention to the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

But like Yan Zhaoge’s group, everyone had no intention of interfering in this event.

At most, only the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ ally, the demon races’ faction, sent a Great Sage over.

The blackened white lotus shattered, and then a tornado and a shadow rushed out of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

The dim yellow tornado went onslaught, sweeping all the opponents away. At the same time, the shadow assisted at the side.

Needless to say, the shadow was naturally the Shadow Devil, one of the six Extinct Devils of the Nine Underworlds.

Yan Zhaoge injured him 800 years ago in a battle. After years of recuperation, the Shadow Devil finally recovered. This time, he went out again to escort the newly born Water Devil from the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus back to the Nine Underworlds.

On the other side, Yan Zhaoge sensed a heavy and violent martial art insight from the sandstorm-like existence. He quickly realized, “Different from the previous rebirth with Yuzhen’s sister-in-law as the Stone Devil, the new generation of Earth Devil is a sand devil.”

The cultivator who followed the sandstorm was an acquaintance, Yellow Robe Great Sage Kui Mulang.

Everyone acquiesced to the return of the new generation of Water Devils to the Nine Underworlds. But, no matter how many arrangements and plans were made in private, the ally of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus – Astro Mountains Starry Sea wouldn’t sit back and watch the sand devil run rampant in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

After Sword Buddha, Qu Su, perished, the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus’ heretic buddhas were inferior in strength to the Great Devils of the Nine Underworlds.

They could rely on their sheer number and the advantage of their home base to fight.

Unfortunately, among the six Extinct Devils of Nine Underworlds, Wood Devil and Earth Devil were dispatched together this time.

The devil didn’t plan to assault so deeply into the area or overturn and destroy the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. They only wanted to pick up the newly reborn Water Devil and wear down Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

In this case, the demon races would have to help.

Just like back then, the Bull Demon King came to fend off the attack when the Victorious Fighting Buddha assaulted the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus. The demon races also sent the Yellow-robed Great Sage to help the buddhas in the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus deal with the invading enemies.

However, there were other devils waiting outside the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

Origin Heart Devil and other Great Devils were cutting off the pursuer. Even if the Yello Robe Great Sage’s group wanted to pursue the enemy, they couldn’t do so.

A white lotus appeared in cosmic space.

Just before he could make a move, a pitch-black Ancient Mirror also appeared, facing the white lotus far away.

From the perspective of Yan Zhaoge’s group, both the white lotus and the black mirror seemed to hang above the void. It seemed like the group couldn’t reach them no matter what and could only view them from a distance.

That white lotus was naturally the lord of the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, Maitreya Buddha.

Although he had a tacit understanding with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Dao Monarch Lu Ya and allowed the Nine Underworlds Twelve Devilish Gods to return, he wouldn’t sit idle having a direct assault at his base.

Nine Underworlds didn’t look down on their opponent either. Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil personally came to delay Maitreya Buddha and escort Origin Heart Devil, Shadow Devil, and Sand Devil back to safety.

“Nine Underworlds is actually making a statement.” Yan Zhaoge muttered in his heart, “If the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation cannot be truly established, then Nine Underworlds will take the alternative route and help Amitabha fight against Maitreya Buddha and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.”

As the two Dao Realm bigwigs confronted each other, the Shadow Devil and Sand Devil successfully threw off the pursuers. They left in an instant, returning to Nine Underworlds.

Of course, the new generation of Water Devil escaped along with them.

After stopping Maitreya Buddha for a moment, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil also withdrew and returned to the Nine Underworlds.

But this was not the end.

On the contrary, as if the notification bell rang, the other powerhouses who had been spectating on the sidelines acted in unison!

“Let’s leave too.” Yan Zhaoge smiled and said with Feng Yunsheng and Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

The vast and boundless Nine Underworlds were connected to the universe. The Land of Tranquil Stream had eroded the void, shaking the cosmic space here.

The entire Land of Tranquil Streams began to turmoil at this time.

The top bigwigs came one after another, and the top powerhouses in this world gathered here.

Buddha light, demonic qi, and immortal’s splendor appeared one after another. They jointly purified this vast and secluded stream that had existed since ancient times.

The void, which had been eroded and affected by the Nine Underworlds, regained its original appearance.

What had become eye-catching at this moment was having several boundless consciousnesses shrouded in the Nine Underworlds.

The resulting strong sense of oppression proceeded to squeeze and shrunk the Nine Underworlds!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.