Chapter 1753: The Return Of The Devilish Gods

Chapter 1753: The Return of the Devilish Gods

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flickered slightly after listening to Gao Han’s words.

He seemed to have something to say. It might sound like nothing at first, but Yan Zhaoge, who had always been wary of Gao Han, always felt that his words seemed weird.

Why did you suddenly mention Eight Extremities World?

It wasn’t that Eight Extremities World shouldn’t be mentioned.

The other elders like Yue Zhenbei, Gao Qingxuan, Long Xingquan, and Long Xueji had witnessed Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and even Yan Di’s journey from Eight Extremities World to World beyond Worlds. So it was natural to be emotional about it.

Yan Zhaoge wouldn’t find it odd when it came to Yuan Zhengfeng, Fu Enshu, Fang Zhun, and the other Broad Creed Mountain family members, or even those from Eight Extremities World: Jun Zhiyuan, Zhao Shicheng, Meng Wan, Tang Yonghao, and the rest.

But when Gao Han said this, he seemed to have a deep understanding.

It was true that Gao Han once lived in the Eight Extremities World to avoid suspicion.

However, when Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and others were active, Gao Han had already secretly escaped from the Eight Extremities World.

Not to mention Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng, even Yan Di and Yuan Zhengfeng had never really interacted with Gao Han much.

The interaction Gao Han had with the Broad Creed Mountain lineage was that he quietly and secretly took away the Broad Creed Mountain’s garrisoned treasure, the Cyclic Heavenly Seal fragment, in his early years.

Yan Zhaoge then only got the Sacred Artifact of the Extreme Yang Seal later.

Only after arriving at the World beyond Worlds did he have actual contact with Gao Han.

Even so, that was Gao Han’s clone, Concealed Sovereign Yang Ce.

So, when Gao Han suddenly blurted that out, Yan Zhaoge couldn’t help but be wary.

Given Gao Han’s personality, Yan Zhaoge had difficulty believing that he mentioned it casually.

“Brother Gao, you’re welcome.” Yan Zhaoge said with a smile, “I regret to this day for not seeking Brother Gao’s advice at Eight Extremities World.”

Gao Han waved his hands repeatedly, “Young Heavenly Lord, you’re pulling my leg. I have been hiding like a sorry mouse back then. It’s a shameful past.”

“Brother, you shouldn’t say that. You have left the Extreme Yang Seal in Eight Extremities World, which has benefited me greatly.” Yan Zhaoge smiled.

“I’m honored that I played a role in helping the rise of Daoism heroes. It’s nothing notable to remember.” Gao Han smiled.

After a few casual chats between the two, Gao Han said goodbye and left.

Yan Zhaoge watched Gao Han disappear and was silent.

With what he knew about Gao Han, Gao Han would definitely not expect Yan Zhaoge to remember the Extreme Yang Seal’s favor.

The reason why Gao Han deliberately mentioned Eight Extremities World was thought-provoking.

After thinking for a while, Yan Zhaoge came back to his senses and looked to the other side.

Xiao Ai was having a lot of fun.

She was reading a thick gift list in her hand, and there seemed to be countless money signs in her eyes.

“Look at how happy you are.” Yan Zhaoge laughed, “You have been in charge of Heavenly Mysteries Pavilion for so many years. Sure enough, the accounting numbers and treasures you handle daily are too many to count. Why are you still like this?”

Xiao Ai didn’t seem to hear what Yan Zhaoge said at all.

Hearing Yan Zhaoge calling her, she suddenly turned her head and stared at Yan Zhaoge with bright eyes.

Those eyes gave Yan Zhaoge goosebumps as if he was treated as a human-shaped gold ingot.

“Master!” Xiao Ai’s expression was serious. Her voice was sonorous and powerful, and she said solemnly, “Please marry our young lady once every day!”

“We both have the same opinion.” Yan Zhaoge spread his palms, “It’s a pity that the guests may not be happy about it. It’s much faster to rob them.”

Xiao Ai looked up to the sky and sighed, feeling melancholic. She was full of regrets like a hero who burst into tears.

Yan Zhaoge snapped his fingers at her, “Okay, let’s continue to count. It’s a rich harvest this time.”

Just like the gifts from Gao Han and Ling Qing, the Star Core and the Extreme Yin Amethyst might be of limited use to Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

But these treasures could still be used as raw materials for refining and played an important role in the process.

The Star Core and Extreme Yin Amethyst were extremely rare and hard to find in the world.

The two gifts presented by Gao Han and Ling Qing were of good quality and were even more precious.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng could also gift them to others if they didn’t utilize them to refine anything.

For example, Extreme Yin Amethyst was of great benefit to women who had Extreme Yin Physique.

Feng Yunsheng had already entered the realm of Grand Heavenly Immortal. Her martial art path no longer depended on the Extreme Yin Physique, but Extreme Yin Amethyst came in handy for Meng Wan.

Even if she converts to Grand Clear Lineage Supreme Martial Arts, Extreme Yin Amethyst still had great value.

“By the way, Xiao Ai, remember to pick out the vine that the North Star Emperor gave me.” Yan Zhaoge said and asked Feng Moyang to come over.

“Senior Brother Yan.” When Feng Moyang came, his eyes lit up when he saw the vines.

When he was Yan Zhaoge’s best man, he had been thinking about this strange flower.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t have the time to take care of this vine, so he had to leave it to Feng Moyang, who played the role of cultivating plants in the Broad Creed Mountain.

Feng Moyang readily agreed to do his part, took over this errand, and enjoyed the task.

“Can you share some blessing dew from Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva with me?” Feng Moyang reached out to Yan Zhaoge honestly.

“I know you have been thinking about this all the time!” Yan Zhaoge laughed, “I can’t give you too much of it because I have other uses.”

Feng Moyang smiled and said, “I’m fine just having a little of it. Not only the vine, but the rest of the plants will also be blessed.”

The two laughed and chatted for a while. Then, Feng Moyang left.

The guests gradually dispersed, and the grand ceremony finally ended.

Yan Zhaoge did not return to Sky beyond Skies and temporarily stayed in this newly established world with Feng Yunsheng, enjoying their time.

Of course, he couldn’t only have fun every night.

He was still persistent with his martial arts practice.

At the same time, he studied the newly acquired Supreme Pill Scripture.

Over time, the cheer for the marriage gradually subsided.

But the turmoil in this world had never ceased.

The two heretics, Immortal Court and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, still had daily skirmishes that escalated to full-blown wars from time to time.

After a long or a short war, it tends to pause again.

It went on incessantly.

The situation of the other major forces was relatively peaceful. It was also because everyone was preserving their energy and preparing their forces.

During Yan Zhaoge’s study, news came one after another from the outside world.

Nine Underworlds had paid a price to enable Earth Devil’s reincarnation, who then returned to Nine Underworlds safely from Western Pure Lands.

Since then, no matter in what form, complete or incomplete, the Twelve Devilish Gods had temporarily returned to their place except for the Water Devil.

So, the whole world began to silently wait for the opportunity of the Water Devil’s new rebirth, year after year, waiting for the arrival of the ultimate moment.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.