Chapter 1755: Water Devil’S Reappearance

Chapter 1755: Water Devil’s Reappearance

Xia Guang had the same teacher as Yan Zhaoge, which was Yan Di.

He reached out his hand, and a dim light spot flew out.

The light spot spread out in mid-air, turning into a cloud that looked like a lotus flower with an indistinct edge.

Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng nodded together, “Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.”

After a general observation, they both felt something from it.

There seemed to be a mass of chaos in the lotus flower liked cloud, but there was no trace of it originating from Yan Di.

The connection between the Yan Di and the cloud was severed.

As a matter of fact, Yan Di nurtured the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud as if he was its creator. Since the cloud reunited with Yan Di, they had been closely connected and inseparable from each other.

As Yan Di’s cultivation got stronger, the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud improved as well.

It was quite incredible to witness at this moment that the connection was cut off.

Even when going against Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance, it was impossible to have Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud taken away. At best, the wielder and the cloud perished together.

In other words, even Mahamayuri couldn’t completely cut off Yan Di’s connection with the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

In the current situation, only Yan Di could erase the connection besides Dao Realm bigwigs.

It seemed he had given up the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

Then, he asked Xia Guang to bring Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud to see Yan Zhaoge and let his son handle it.

Yan Di had completely left the cloud, ignoring the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, as if the two were no longer connected.

“Where is my father now?” Yan Zhaoge asked Xia Guang.

Xia Guang replied, “Master asked me to bring this thing to you, senior brother, while he left Sky beyond Skies and went to Zhuluo Royal Reed Heavens. Before leaving, he went to see his wife and asked me to pass you a message. He urges you not to look for him.”

“Just as we predicted,” Feng Yunsheng sighed softly beside him.

Yan Zhaoge reached out and received the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, “I’m confident that my father will be back soon.”

Yan Di would have ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm when he returned.

Previously, Yan Zhaoge had worries clouding his mind that Yan Di would stay too long at the peak of the Grand Virtual Immortal realm.

After carefully thinking about it, Yan Zhaoge vaguely guessed what would happen.

Ever since getting the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud, the cloud protected Yan Di in battles, allowing him to move freely.

Even opponents whose cultivation realm was higher than him often had difficulty breaking through the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud’s defense.

Therefore, Yan Di often only focused on his offense and neglected his defense entirely, allowing him to exert the limits of his Creation Sabre to the fullest.

The Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud would put Yan Di in an invincible position in any battles unless the opponent’s cultivation realm was much higher than him and exceeded a specific limit, or the opponent had the Supreme Martial Arts such as the Heaven Opening Scripture.

In actual combat, the cloud didn’t benefit Yan Di’s cultivation other than boosting his battle prowess.

It was a remarkable feat to go all in without worries, but it blunted down his decisiveness.

The detrimental effect didn’t show up previously, but it surfaced in the last part to challenge Origin Heavenly Tribulation.

Fortunately, Yan Di was aware of the problem and made a decisive call. He abandoned the Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud that had been taking care of him.

Certainly, the decision was convicted with determination rather than temporarily giving the cloud up to Yan Zhaoge, only to collect it later after the Origin Heavenly Tribulation.

Instead, it was a permanent farewell to Grand Simplicity Splendour Cloud.

Regardless of whether Yan Zhaoge would return it in the future, Yan Di had decided not to take it back after attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Yan Di took this step out without hesitation and went to the endless void outside the territory alone.

The risks involved were self-evident.

Either he would go and never return. Otherwise, there would be another Grand Heavenly Immortal adding to the rank of Daoism.

“

En

, I also believe that your father’s return is not far away.” Feng Yunsheng said with a smile, “Perhaps, he will be back in a blink of an eye?”

Yan Zhaoge and Xia Guang also laughed when they heard the words.

“My father has the determination and courage. Of course, we can’t drag him behind.” Yan Zhaoge said, “But now the world isn’t peaceful, and the tension between factions is quite serious.”

Feng Yunsheng nodded, “Yes indeed.”

“By the way, is Brother Ne Zha still at the Western Pure Lands’ entrance?” Yan Zhaoge asked Xia Guang again.

After Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng married, Ne Zha had his free time back.

The last time he fought with Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Origin Heart Devil secretly ambushed him. Sure enough, he was still unconvinced with the duel’s outcome. Thus, he wanted to battle with Archaic Dipankara Buddha again.

Ne Zha did what he said, so he ran to the Western Pure Lands for the second time to challenge the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha declared that Yang Jian injured him. He wanted to rest and ignore Ne Zha’s challenge.

This healing took 800 years.

“The Tri-Buddhism Platforms Great Divinity still provokes the Archaic Dipankara Buddha outside the Western Pure Lands, but the buddha hasn’t yet accepted the duel.” Xia Guang replied.

Others might not know the details of Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s injury, but Yang Jian certainly knew.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha was just using it as an excuse, and Ne Zha definitely wouldn’t accept it.

The scene of Ne Zha camping at the entrance of the Lands of Buddhism and provoking the Buddhas was staged again. However, Archaic Dipankara Buddha just ignored it since he didn’t have the benefit of competing for the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner. Let’s not forget how thick-skinned the Buddha was.

The most important thing for him was the next game involving the Nine Underworlds primarily.

“It has already been 800 years…” Yan Zhaoge muttered to himself.

Feng Yunsheng just opened her mouth to say something, but suddenly her expression changed slightly.

Yan Zhaoge had the same thoughts as her and immediately reacted, “Nine Underworlds?”

“I can’t tell exactly what happened, but I feel…” Feng Yunsheng took a deep breath and said with a serious expression, “…I feel that the moment is coming!”

Yan Zhaoge looked into the distance.

Feng Yunsheng had a great hunch given her current cultivation.

With her connection to the Nine Underworlds, the hunch came earlier than anyone else.

At this time, Yan Zhaoge also felt something. Then, someone came to his cave manor. It was Shi Jun.

“Jun’er, just come in,” said Yan Zhaoge.

He nodded to Feng Yunsheng again, “Your feeling seems right.”

“Master Yan, Master Feng, Master Xia.” Shi Jun entered the quiet room. He first greeted the three and then said in a hurry, “Senior uncle, there is an emergency report outside. We’re suspecting that the new physique for the reincarnation of Water Devil has appeared!”

“The time has finally come.” Yan Zhaoge stood up, “

Hey

, everything happens at the same time.”

“But, that’s fine. Since it’s happening, everyone will be busy and have no time to disturb my father.”

He looked at Shi Jun and smiled, “Since it’s the news coming from the outside world, it means that Water Devil’s physique doesn’t come from Daoism. So don’t panic, and speak slowly. Where is it?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.