Chapter 1764: One Faction Against Another Three

Chapter 1764: One Faction Against Another Three

Suo Mingzhang reached his palm forward, and a graceful brilliance appeared in front of the palm. An invisible curtain spawned between Origin Heart Devil and himself.

The invisible barrier created with his Heaven Severing Divine Brilliance clashed against the intangible devilish technique.

The collision of the two outlined the incoming attacks.

On the bright light curtain, faint sunlight appeared.

The sunlight hit the light curtain and shattered, turning into an iridescent glow.

No matter how the glow flickered and changed, scattered and gathered later, it was still unable to cross the barrier in front of Suo Mingzhang.

The tall, short-haired man reached out his other hand and grabbed the Origin Heart Devil from afar.

He folded his fingers and retracted his arms.

The invisible gravitational force was born out of thin air. Origin Heart Devil was swaying on the pillar under the bloody sea, and his footing was unsteady.

“I haven’t seen you for hundreds of years, and you’re much stronger now.” While stabilizing himself, Origin Heart Devil turned to look at Sword Devil Nie Jingshen, who was sitting cross-legged on the stone pillar next to him.

Nie Jingshen was expressionless. The dark golden light in his hand condensed into a long sword, and he waved it from a distance.

As the sword-light was sent over, the weight on Origin Heart Devil dissipated. Only then could he regain his footing.

Suo Mingzhang raised his eyebrows and looked at Nie Jingshen.

However, before he could exert his strength for the second time, warning signs rose in his heart.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya incarnated the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, and a white light was sent right at Suo Mingzhang’s head.

Suo Mingzhang was unfazed. He temporarily halted his plan to capture the Origin Heart Devil, turned around, and faced Dao Monarch Lu Ya immediately.

He spread his arms out to the sides.

The divine brilliance on the left palm still hindered the strange and domineering mystical power coming from the Origin Heart Devil.

His right palm faced the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber directly. An invisible divine light flowed in the cosmic space, laying another barrier.

Immortal Slaying Flying Saber’s white ray of light was severed immediately when it touched Suo Mingzhang’s right hand!

Dao Monarch Lu Ya turned serious immediately upon this sight.

On the other hand, Yang Jian defeated Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles into retreat. In a flash, he attacked Dao Monarch Lu Ya already.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya retrieved the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber and morphed into rainbow light to retreat. With that, he avoided Yang Jian’s deadly onslaught. He flicked the gourd, changing his target from Suo Mingzhang to Yang Jian.

Yang Jian smiled. He didn’t dodge, just swayed his body slightly and changed his form.

His robust body granted him a solid spirit. It gleamed with golden light, blooming golden lotuses.

This situation had happened in the competition for Immortal Extermination Formation in the past. It was Yang Jian’s time to face his long-time nemesis, Immortal Slaying Flying Saber.

In the past, Yang Jian avoided being countered by the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber. However, things had gotten more straining now.

Yang Jian morphed his body, and a sea of golden flowers bloomed directly in his spirit.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and others were surprised just like the first time they saw the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner fluttering in the wind.

However, everyone was now in the Nine Underworlds. Neither the Earthly Yin Yang Apricot Banner nor the Green Lotus Treasured Flag could be utilized. They would be polluted immediately as soon as they were taken out.

Mahamayuri was confident because he knew this and knew that the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form would not last.

At this moment, Yang Jian’s spirit was blooming with golden flowers. The sea of flowers was illusory, which couldn’t stop Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance.

But the golden lotuses had stopped the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, which was a firm counter against him.

The fully bloomed sea of golden flowers protected Yang Jian and Suo Mingzhang, not to be disturbed by the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber.

Even though the gourd in Yang Jian’s hand had withered, and this fierce treasure had returned to the hands of Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Yang Jian remained fearless.

Seeing this, Suo Mingzhang ignored Dao Monarch Lu Ya and focused on the Nine Underworlds’ devil below.

He suppressed the Origin Heart Devil and made Daoism others feel relieved.

Without the interference of the Origin Heart Devil, Ne Zha immediately overturned the golden pagoda with his spear and re-entered the battle against Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

The demon monkeys looked at his opponent pridefully. He fought head-to-head with Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance head-on with no signs of retreating.

Daoism’s other powerhouses also had no scruples. They wouldn’t need to be on against the Origin Heart Devil’s seamless attack anymore.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du also breathed a sigh of relief. The Taiji Image above his head that had been spinning slowly re-accelerated and swept across the surrounding Nine Underworlds.

Origin Heart Devil sat cross-legged on the stone pillar in the sea of blood, stabilizing himself.

After Nie Jingshen made a shot, he sat still and closed his eyes as if in a deep sleep.

Next to him, the Fire Devil and Earth Devil attacked Suo Mingzhang and interfered with his suppression of Origin Heart Devil.

Suo Mingzhang’s left hand maintained the light curtain to block off Origin Heart Devil’s attack, and his right hand pointed in the air.

Heaven Severing Divine Brilliance eradicated any space it passed through, no matter if it was a raging fire or a whistling sandstorm. All of them vanished halfway and disappeared without a trace.

On the other side, when Yang Jian stopped Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, the light above his head fluttered. His figure vanished and appeared at another place in the Nine Underworlds, suppressing the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Mile. The roc was defeated and was unable to utilize his speed advantage.

Just as Yuan Hong flew up, he was intercepted by Yang Jian.

The two combatants collided head-on. The massive white ape was knocked away and sent flying backward. He couldn’t gain even the slightest advantage against Yang Jian.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya saw that Immortal Slaying Flying Saber couldn’t deal with Yang Jian and Suo Mingzhang, and he immediately stopped. Then, he changed his target again.

The white light turned toward Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

Yang Jian’s figure changed rapidly, blocking the white light for Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

“

Chi!

” Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles let out a shrill shriek. Then, it flapped its wings and chased after Yang Jian.

He chased wherever Yang Jian went, trying to hinder this Daoism powerhouse.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya immediately took the opportunity to send the Immortal Slaying Flying Saber again at Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

“I summon you!” Bhikkhu Xuan Du had no choice but to temporarily stop the spinning Taiji diagram.

The black and yellow prana above his head gathered together, manifesting an illusory square tower.

Under the shroud of the small tower, Immortal Slaying Flying Saber’s white light didn’t have any gains in the attack.

The tower was Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana! One of the Grand Clear Lineage Later Heaven Five Ultimates, which was Daoism’s strongest defense Supreme Martial Art!

A tower stood atop. It would not be worn out by any tribulation and not be defeated by any art.

In terms of defensive power alone, it was even better than the Five Virtues of Phoenix, Jade Clear Lineage’s World Foundation, and Grand Clear Lineage’s Grand Plainness Immeasurable Body and Grand Beginning Bright Emptiness Form.

It was an all-rounded defense, whether it was an illusory attack, physical attack, or spiritual attack. The illusory Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower’s image shielded everything away.

Even the Origin Heart Devil’s mystical art couldn’t break through the defense.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s cultivation realm unfolded the potential of this Supreme Martial Art. Only the Dao Realm bigwig could break it. Even the complete Immortal Extermination Formation under Dao Realm would not be able to break through the small tower image above Bhikkhu Xuan Du for a while.

While performing this art, Bhikkhu Xuan Du could not do anything else but stay where he was.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.