Chapter 1769: Three Clears Connecting Into A Line

Chapter 1769: Three Clears Connecting Into A Line

When Feng Yunsheng broke apart the long saber in the sea of blood, a black light surged, forming a portal.

Yan Zhaoge had halos circled him. Then, he passed through the black portal in front of him, avoided the front line of the battle between the Immortal Extermination Formation and the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, and went directly inside the devil formation.

The married couple had descended onto the sea of blood!

Yang Jian, Feng Yunsheng, and the Demon Monkey stayed outside the bloody sea, protecting Bhikkhu Xuan Du in refining the Nine Underworlds.

The other Daoism bigwigs joined forces. Yan Zhaoge led the way with the halo formed by the ritual. Suo Mingzhang, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, Ne Zha, and the others rushed into the sea of blood together.

As soon as the group came to the bottom of the bloody sea, the violent evil qi surged onto them as though they burnt from within.

Although the Immortal Extermination Formation was suppressing the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, the living beings outside from demons struggled with the devil formation.

Even the Grand Heavenly Immortal felt the threat of death.

Still, the influence of Immortal Extermination Formation and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was present.

Suo Mingzhang shouted as he raised both his palms to the sky. Then, he slashed downward with his palms with the Heaven Severing momentum.

A line of divine light rose upwards and then swept to both sides.

In the depths of the sea of blood, other than the place where Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil fought, an empty area was forcibly cleared out!

The tall, short-haired man stood in the center of the sea of blood, splitting the sky and the sea. Under the shroud of the divine light, he cut a foothold for the Daoism crowd and cut a path for them to go deeper.

Yan Zhaoge and the rest seized the moment that Suo Mingzhang had given them and rushed to the twelve pillars at the bottom of the sea of blood.

Great Devils such as Origin Heart Devil took action to stop the intruding Daoism combatants.

However, while the devils were stabilizing the formation, they were distracted and unable to do what they could. Daoism repelled them to the side; the group was like an arrow pierced deeply into the formation.

With that, Yan Zhaoge rushed to Nie Jingshen.

Nie Jingshen, who was standing still, seemed to have recovered. He subconsciously wanted to attack Yan Zhaoge, who was charging at him.

Then, halos around Yan Zhaoge’s body flew out of him and landed on Nie Jingshen.

Nie Jingshen’s movements were halted involuntarily.

“Open!” Yan Zhaoge yelled, with a small crystal disc incarnated in his hand.

Rays of light emerged, forming a crystal in irregular shape, which sealed Nie Jingshen, who was standing still.

“

Ha!

” Yan Zhaoge waved his sleeves and sent the crystal into his cuffs.

Ne Zha glanced at the twelve pillars at the side.

On the pillar that symbolized Doomsday Heavenly Devil, Jian Shunhua sat cross-legged with her eyes closed.

The Ivory Cloud Realm Flag engraved with the devilish pattern fluttered on the pillar that symbolized Devil of Aged Metal.

But at this moment, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil sent his gaze toward everyone in Daoism.

Feeling the cold and emotionless gaze, Taiyi Cultivated Deity grabbed Ne Zha and quickly backed away.

Yan Zhaoge and others also retreated into the black hole where they came from.

The monstrous blood swept over, but Suo Mingzhang no longer needed to continue to support the path.

The Daoism folks had quickly withdrawn from the sea of blood.

Beyond the abyss, Immortal Extermination Formation and Twelve Devilish Gods Formation were still wrestling with each other.

The endless sword qi was constantly cutting through the sea of blood below.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du was still absorbing the Nine Underworlds.

The originally powerful Nine Underworlds were shrinking at this moment, and they no longer had the might to expand and erode the outside world.

The Taiji Image formed by the intersection of Clear Qi and Purple Qi above Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s head expanded further, showing an overwhelming momentum as if capable of replacing the existence of Nine Underworlds.

Yan Zhaoge rushed out of the black hole. Without any delay, he unfolded his sleeves. A small crystal flew out and quickly grew back into that irregular crystal.

Nie Jingshen was sealed inside the crystal.

Right now, Nie Jingshen’s eyes were closed, like sleeping.

Dark golden sword-light flickered all over him, trying to break out from the crystal that sealed him.

In the abyss of blood, on the pillar that symbolized Devil of Aged Metal, the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag fluttered, and the devilish pattern on the flag kept flashing.

As the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was suppressed, the devilish pattern on the flag was gradually fading, and the flag itself was being torn apart.

Yan Zhaoge stuck his left hand on the surface of the crystal, and a talisman poured out and adhered to the crystal.

“Senior Apprentice-sister Yu, it’s time.” Feng Yunsheng came to Yan Zhaoge’s side at this time, and a person suddenly jumped out of the chaotic abyss above her head.

The woman in cyan clothes was Yu Ye.

Seeing Yu Ye’s appearance, Great Devils such as the Origin Heart Devil in Nine Underworlds frowned.

They were not afraid of Yu Ye’s personal strength.

Right now, Daoism was overwhelming the other three forces. No matter how strong Yu Ye was, it was just the icing on the cake.

What Origin Heart Devil and Shadow Devil cared about was that Yu Ye came to Yan Zhaoge right now, sat down with her knees crossed, reached out her left hand, and turned her palm toward Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge pressed his left hand on the crystal that sealed Sword Devil Nie Jingshen, and the other hand reached out to the right, facing Yu Ye’s palm.

At this moment, the three were connected in a line.

“Chaos Extinguishing Origin Scripture.” Origin Heart Devil’s gaze swept across the trio and finally landed on Yan Zhaoge, “Peerless Heavenly Scripture…”

The old man’s eyes suddenly lit up, and it was dazzling, “A Three Clear practitioner?”

The dark gold sword light on Nie Jingshen in the crystal gradually subsided.

His body had disappeared at this moment, leaving only a tender white baby in the crystal.

The baby’s face was still vaguely the same as Nie Jingshen.

It was as if Nie Jingshen was suddenly rejuvenated at this time, reverting to earlier heaven.

The baby glowed, gradually becoming transparent, then blurred again, like chaos.

On the other hand, Yu Ye’s eyes were filled with a chaotic scene.

On the contrary, Yan Zhaoge, who was in the center, had clear eyes.

In his eyes, the scene of the world’s creation was vaguely reflected.

Origin Heart Devil was staring at Yan Zhaoge, but Yan Zhaoge’s eyes looked to the other side.

The target he was looking at was the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil!

“Why did the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil prefer to stand in a stalemate with the Eastern Sovereign but let us kidnap Senior Brother Nie out?” Although he successfully grabbed Nie Jingshen out from the Nine Underworlds, Yan Zhaoge did not relax.

The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil’s action was abnormal.

He didn’t believe that the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil would fight the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi to the death for Amitabha and even sacrifice the Nine Underworlds’ interests for it.

There must be a reason for this.

At this moment, Yan Zhaoge saw the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil raise his head. His eyes swept across the Daoism crowd and finally fell on Yan Zhaoge, Nie Jingshen, and Yu Ye.

However, Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil’s gaze only paused on Yan Zhaoge and others for a moment, and then he retracted his gaze.

Afterward, he retreated, no longer entangled with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, but returned directly to the twelve pillars.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi took a deep look at the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and did not intend to continue fighting. He rose and went out of the sea of blood, out of the Nine Underworlds, and went to find the Amitabha and heretics.

But after Eastern Sovereign Taiyi left, there was another figure on the pillar that symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil at the abyss’ bottom!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.