Chapter 1760: A Cultivator Who Was Supposedly Buried In History

Chapter 1760: A Cultivator Who Was Supposedly Buried In History

With Mahamayuri’s help in stopping the Buddhas of the Western Pure Lands, Dao Monarch Lu Ya could concentrate on refining the sea of blood with his art and overcome his devil tribulation.

Facing Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance, Archaic Dipankara Buddha not only did not dare to approach, but he also could not even hurl Sea Suppressing Pearl at Dao Monarch Lu Ya remotely. Otherwise, Mahamayuri would use Five-Colored Divine Radiance to halt the Sea Suppressing Pearl.

Seeing that Dao Monarch Lu Ya was about to succeed, the sea of blood below suddenly made a move!

The previously stagnated crimson light suddenly became more intense.

On the twelve pillars supported by the sea of blood, the illusory light at the top of the pillar symbolizing the Doomsday Heavenly Devil gradually solidified; a figure emerged from it.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, which had previously struggled to progress due to the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi’s repression, seemed to be working again.

The Buddhas of the Western Pure Lands and the demons of the Astro Mountains Starry Sea group immediately had their attention attracted to the sea of blood.

Even Mahamayuri looked down.

Previously, the Nine Underworlds seemed to have been suppressed severely, like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. They could only wait quietly for the demon race and Buddhas to decide among themselves on who would deal the killing blow.

But at this moment, everyone discovered that the Nine Underworlds was not a lamb who was powerless to resist but a poisonous snake waiting for the opportunity.

Outside the Nine Underworlds, there was a muffled groan next to Yan Zhaoge.

He quickly turned his head, only to see Feng Yunsheng frowning on a pale face.

There were blue and black rays of light in her pupils, which were unrestrained and kept flickering. It was clear that the devilish intent was soaring as if she was about to transform into a devil.

Her feet involuntarily took a step forward, wanting to join the Nine Underworlds immediately.

Feng Yunsheng gritted her teeth and managed to control herself not to move forward, but she almost staggered and fell despite her status as a Grand Heavenly Immortal.

This was the first time she experienced this ever since she attained Grand Heavenly Realm, created Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation and cut off the interference of Nine Underworlds.

Yan Zhaoge came to Feng Yunsheng’s back, sent out his palm, and pressed it against her back without saying a word.

Yang Jian, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, Ne Zha, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, and other Heavenly Lords of Daoism all turned their attention to Yan Zhaoge and his wife.

Feng Yunsheng sat cross-legged in the cosmic void with her eyes shut.

The image of the abyss of chaos appeared above her head. At the same time, black smoke gushed out from all over her body, which was then swallowed up by the abyss of chaos above.

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Nine Underworlds while helping her.

He looked into the depths of the Nine Underworlds and then to the twelve pillars beneath the bloody sea.

The light on top of the twelve pillars swayed.

Then, these lights condensed into entities on the pillars that symbolize the six Extinct Devils: Origin Heart Devil, Devil of Aged Metal, Wood Devil, Water Devil, Fire Devil, and Earth Devil.

On the pillar that symbolized Origin Heavenly Devil, the lights were also materialized.

On the three pillars that symbolize Existence Creation Heavenly Devil, Supreme Heavenly Devil, and Faceless Heavenly Devil, the lights remained illusory.

On the pillar symbolizing the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, the black mirror was resisting Amitabha’s sarira.

The light was originally illusory on the pillar that symbolized Doomsday Heavenly Devil. However, a core spawned into it, turning its illusory property into reality.

Everyone looked closely, and the figure on the pillar was a woman with a cold and serious air.

She had short hair that just reached her ears. She wasn’t beautiful like a fairy, but her facial features were well formed.

A cultivator who should have long since become history had reappeared here.

Yan Zhaoge was no stranger to this person.

It was she who brought Feng Yunsheng this catastrophe and opportunity.

One of the World Beyond Worlds’ Kunlun’s New Nine Luminaries, Exalted Rahu Luminary, Jian Shunhua!

At this time, Jian Shunhua was the same as Feng Yunsheng. Her face was pale, and her eyes were closed.

She was covered with strange and devilish runes. These runes were shining brightly.

On the surface of Feng Yunsheng’s body, a similar devilish pattern was looming.

Two identical black long sabers appeared within and outside Nine Underworlds, respectively. One floated in front of Feng Yunsheng and the one in front of Jian Shunhua. The devilish lights on the blades flowed endlessly.

“Sure enough, Nine Underworlds has a backup plan.” Yan Zhaoge narrowed his eyes, “No wonder I always feel that they didn’t pay enough attention to the Doomsday Heavenly Devil issue.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity frowned, “This woman should have perished. Is it because of Fellow Daoist Feng that she can’t reincarnate?”

“Yunsheng won the contest with her, but she didn’t lose completely. Nine Underworlds helped her secretly.” Yan Zhaoge said, “I’m afraid that Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil helped cover it up. Only then can she remain hidden until now! “

After taking a closer look, Yang Jian said, “It isn’t a reincarnation for her. Worse still, she doesn’t have her own body, so she is not a living being. Instead, she is in a state of neither life nor death. The Nine Underworlds protected her just as their scheme against Fellow Daoist Feng now.”

With the help of Jian Shunhua’s spirit, Nine Underworlds reconnected with Feng Yunsheng, trying to lure her to Nine Underworlds as part of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

In the end, she was the one who defeated Jian Shunhua and took away part of Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority.

The best body that Nine Underworlds intended to guide the Doomsday Heavenly Devil to come into the world ahead of time was always Feng Yunsheng.

However, even if Feng Yunsheng did not join the Nine Underworlds at this moment, the devils could utilize Jian Shunhua to continuously extract the Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s authority from Feng Yunsheng. With that, they got to nourish and strengthen the Doomsday Heavenly Devil with the help of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, seeking the early spawning of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

In the void outside the Nine Underworlds, thunder bursts and stars flicker.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor also appeared, standing on the Daoism’s side.

Their eyes moved between Feng Yunsheng and Jian Shunhua, and they all sighed at the end.

Yan Zhaoge had a solemn expression, but he wasn’t in a panic. While pressing Feng Yunsheng’s back with one hand, he operated an incantation with the other.

The black light pattern on Feng Yunsheng’s body was looming and flickering, which was struggling to solidify like Jian Shunhua.

Over time, the black rune on Feng Yunsheng gradually faded.

The Nine Underworlds’ interference over her kept weakening, seemingly could be cut off at any moment.

Feng Yunsheng didn’t fall into the Nine Underworlds after all. Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was wrestling with Amitabha Zu, so he couldn’t be distracted by this matter.

Origin Heart Devil watched this scene in the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation and sighed, “Three Clear Lineage is still prepared for us in advance.”

“It’s already pretty good to come into this stage.” Shadow Devil said beside him.

The sea of blood that the devil’s formation incarnated became menacing again, and the bloody light surged up from the depths of the abyss again.

The aura of annihilation and ferocity rose into the sky, making the entire Nine Underworlds tremble.

Even the joint suppression by Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi seemed to be no longer stable.

Above the Nine Underworlds, the green lotus and the ancient bell descended immediately into the devil’s domain, and their true form appeared in the Nine Underworlds!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.