Chapter 1761: Effortless Destruction

Chapter 1761: Effortless Destruction

The green lotus and ancient bell plunged directly into the Nine Underworlds’ deep sea.

The devil domain, which was still restless before, suddenly calmed down again. It trembled a little as if it was under endless pressure.

The boiling waves of the sea of blood became calm again.

A sallow-skinned Buddha with a golden body of six feet, and an ethereal, majestic emperor, appeared under the seabed of the Nine Underworlds. They stepped directly into the sea of blood.

On the other hand, on the twelve pillars under the sea of blood, the black mirror that symbolized the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil disappeared. Then, it was replaced by a man dressed in black who looked like a human but had eight arms.

The three Dao Realm bigwigs finally revealed their true form, canceling each other’s miraculousness and manifesting their true image in front of the world.

Dao Ancestors confronted each other, trembling the entire Nine Underworlds as if it was on the brink of shattering.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation struggled to keep Nine Underworlds stable.

However, as Amitabha pointed his finger forward, the repressed sea of blood plunged into a deadly stillness.

Among the twelve pillars under the bloody sea, the illusory light on the pillar that symbolized the Faceless Heavenly Devil became weaker. There were signs of the light fading.

The Nine Underworlds devils looked extremely serious.

Long before the creation of heaven and earth and the establishment of the Nine Underworlds, Amitabha incarnated the Faceless Heavenly Devil in the primordial gulf of chaos and preempted the position of the fourth Ancestral Devil. Thus, he had severed the flourishing path for the devils.

He had previously given up the authority of the Faceless Heavenly Devil and returned it to the Nine Underworlds, allowing the Nine Underworlds to set up the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

However, as a Dao Realm bigwig, Amitabha still had some influence over the Faceless Heavenly Devil.

This influence came into play in this critical moment; it immediately hindered the operation of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Nine Underworlds was not unprepared for this. Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had tried to guard against this weakness, but he didn’t have a holistic solution.

He utilized his eight arms in unison to control and guide the formation.

The blood light reappeared, and it rushed towards the Amitabha ancestors like a tide.

There was no change in Amitabha’s expression. A treasured dhvaja appeared on the top of his head, and there was a sarira on the top of it, sending out iridescent light in blocking the blood light.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi’s face was hidden behind the clouds, making it unreal. Above his head, there was also a brilliance that condensed into an ancient bronze bell.

The bell rang, and the invisible ripples spread out. Even the unfathomable Nine Underworlds seemed to have materialized with cracks appearing!

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil folded his eight arms together in front of his chest.

Brilliance gathered in his eight palms. It was bright and dazzling at first and then became clear and transparent, like a bright round mirror.

Strange to say, the invisible sound of the ancient bronze bell seemed to have become tangible at this time. The tangible sound wave converged when it was illuminated, forming a trajectory that landed on the round mirror.

The mirror light flashed, reflected the sound of the bell, turned it into a torrent, and was shot straight at Amitabha.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil showed his means and wanted to use the power of Eastern Sovereign Taiyi to attack the Lord of Western Pure Lands.

However, Amitabha Zu was unfazed.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi raised his hand and struck the ancient bell above his head.

The torrent that was deflected by the mirror light disappeared, and it could not reach Amitabha at all.

The next time the torrent reappeared, but it was with the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil opened his palm and ran a different incantation.

Blood light surrounded him, blocking the torrent’s attack.

Amitabha pointed his finger out again at ease.

The phantom, which symbolized the Faceless Heavenly Devil, had faded even more.

Consequently, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation lagged behind its original pace. As a result, the blood light surrounding the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil dimmed.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation wasn’t fully incarnated yet, but it had already offered great power, helping the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil fight against two Dao Realm rivals.

Still, Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi were almighty. Under their teamwork, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil could barely resist this downhill battle even with the incomplete Twelve Devilish Gods Formation. The Nine Underworlds were losing steadily and becoming more and more disadvantaged.

While helping Feng Yunsheng to recuperate, Yan Zhaoge paid close attention to the situation in the Nine Underworlds.

Yang Jian and the others didn’t turn their eyes away even for a moment, staring at the Nine Underworlds’ deep sea.

There, the three Dao Ancestors brawled against each other. The situation escalated quickly. Even though they committed their attacks effortlessly, it was because their opponents were each other.

In the sea of blood, another wave was shot back down. For the outside spectators, there would only be five people at most surviving this attack. The rest would be instantly killed on the spot.

Once engulfed by the blood light, even the corpse would be gone.

Even the elites, such as Mahamayuri, were destined to be submerged by the turbulent waves if they didn’t escape in time.

But at this moment, Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi plunged into the sea of blood to suppress Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

So, the situation beyond the sea of blood calmed down again.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others had the opportunity to refine the sea of blood and work on the devil’s tribulation.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation seemed to be suspended in midair again, unable to achieve completion. Instead, it became a meal among others competing for food, only to see who could succeed in dealing the killing blow.

Mahamayuri retained his strong momentum, putting the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and the Western Pure Lands Buddhas in a helpless state.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya took the opportunity to seize the opportunity. He incarnated the dark green ominous fire again and landed on the sea of blood.

Above the Nine Underworlds, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha were still at a standstill.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked at Mahamayuri and said, “Fellow Daoist, you have already acquired four of five sariras. Only the last one is in Maitreya’s hand. He wouldn’t give it to you easily. Until my Buddha destroys the white lotus heretics, you will get all of them. Isn’t that better for you?”

“If you help Fellow Daoist Lu Ya attain the Dao Realm, your chances of getting the last sarira will be even smaller.” As soon as the words were spoken, everyone in the demon race paused slightly.

“The Western Pure Lands exchanged two sariras for Mahamayuri’s help back then, and now the demon race offers another one. And, Mahamayuri himself has one originally.” Yan Zhaoge and others looked at each other in dismay, “He is still short of the last Sakyamuni Sarira, which is in Future Buddha’s hands?”

Kong Xuan himself had already possessed one sarira earlier. Only after several transactions did he acquire the three other sariras one after another.

This matter should be a secret that only he knew.

Unexpectedly, Archaic Dipankara Buddha also knew and exposed the news today.

There was no need for the Archaic Dipankara Buddha to lie.

It was not easy for the Future Buddha to sense the specific whereabouts of the sarira left by the transcended Sakyamuni.

Moreover, he had a sarira in his hand too. Thus, he could deduce whether the Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s statement just now was true or not.

Finally, the whereabouts of the five Sakyamuni Sariras were made known.

This made the atmosphere between Mahamayuri and the demon race weird.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.