Chapter 1767: The Greatest Formation Battle!

Chapter 1767: The Greatest Formation Battle!

Daoism’s combatants showed their might. They suppressed the demon races, Buddhas, and devils at the same time.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du could almost refine the Nine Underworlds, transforming this world into his.

Sure enough, Nine Underworlds had prepared for the ordeal today long ago.

However, as the public enemy and target that all other forces plotted against, Nine Underworlds was under insurmountable pressure.

This war wasn’t only a battle for interests but a battle that would decide their fate.

The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had previously left the stone pillar, seemingly giving up the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, giving up the hope of the Nine Underworlds rising in this era, and turning to help Amitabha to pave their path for the next era in advance.

But in fact, Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and Nine Underworlds had done a lot of preparation.

If it were really impossible, then they would naturally settle for the next best option, admitting defeat for the current moment to seek a comeback in the future.

However, they wouldn’t give up so easily before hope was completely lost.

Taking advantage of the opportunity of Amitabha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord besieging Maitreya Buddha, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil revealed his backup plan.

The mirror on the stone pillar reflected the phantom of the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, temporarily taking his place and erecting the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation again!

In the Nine Underworlds, the blood light surged again.

Not only was Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s refining progress of the Nine Underworlds being forcibly interrupted, but Yan Zhaoge and others in Nine Underworlds also felt uncomfortable.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and others were no exception.

As the spirit patterns composed of twelve strokes started operating again, the devilish qi surged with all beings other than the Nine Underworlds’ devils affected.

The Nine Underworlds, which had gradually appeared to be collapsing, were stabilized again.

The Taiji Image composed of the intertwining of Clear Qi and Purple Qi above Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s head was reversing and disintegrating.

A large number of Clear Qi and Purple Qi were reverted to the devilish qi.

Nine Underworlds seemed to have the momentum to expand even further!

The Land of Tranquil Stream, which had been cleaned up because of the arrival of the elites, was reborn at this moment.

The devil’s domain continued to expand outward, eroding the vast void and making it a part of itself.

Feng Yunsheng, who was guarding outside the Nine Underworlds, turned pale. She stared nervously at the expanding Nine Underworlds in front of her.

In the deep sea, Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and the others rose back up to avoid the bloody frenzy below.

However, everyone in Daoism looked calm, neither impatient nor panicked.

At this moment, a vast sword qi emerged outside the Nine Underworlds!

The yellow mist and golden light came together. Another formation descended on the Nine Underworlds opposing the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation!

It was the Immortal Extermination Formation!

In the Immortal Extermination Formation, Incongruence Divine Mother presided over the formation, and Cloudy Firmament Fairy accompanied her.

The two Prime Clear Lineage’s bigwigs stood in the formation at the same time, ready to substitute one other at any time.

During the battle to grab the Immortal Extermination Formation, Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture had almost shot Incongruence Divine Mother to death.

It was said that Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture could only be used once in an era, but surprises might happen.

From what they had learned from the ancient eras, the Nailhead Seven Arrows Scripture should require an altar, in which the arrows had to be worshiped three times a day. Then, this scripture would take effect after 21 days of worshiping routine.

In the battle for the formation, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had the arrow scripture ready to be used immediately.

If it weren’t for such an unexpected change, Incongruence Divine Mother wouldn’t have suffered a big loss at that time and came to the verge of dying.

Daoism was determined to win in this Nine Underworlds ordeal. Thus, they would be cautious.

The Immortal Extermination Formation was summoned into this world. The golden light in the formation filled the cosmic space, and the yellow mist was rolling around. Four doors were erected, standing firmly in the formation.

Four ancient swords were suspended on the beams of the four doors.

An immense murderous aura soared into the sky, shaking the world.

The vicious sword qi ran rampant everywhere inside the formation, crushing the void. The most primitive elements of earth, water, fire, and wind could be seen everywhere, scurrying around.

With the Immortal Extermination Formation descending into the Nine Underworlds, everything the yellow fog and golden light passed through was destroyed and returned to nothingness.

The turbulent sea of blood rising from the sky was suppressed by the sword qi coming from the Immortal Extermination Formation. Its upward momentum came to an abrupt end as if facing a formidable enemy.

The two great formations capable of destroying heaven and earth clashed at this moment.

On Daoism’s side, it was a formidable and renowned formation to kill with an impressive record.

On the other hand, it was a formation that had never appeared. Even the Dao Ancestor was wary of it.

They often said that if the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation existed, the Immortal Extermination Formation might have to give up the title as the Number 1 Formation to Kill.

However, the erected Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was still incomplete.

Its opponent, Immortal Extermination Formation, was going all out!

Hence, when Immortal Extermination Formation descended into the Nine Underworlds Abyss of Devilish Sea, it suppressed the blood sea below at a speed visible to the naked eye, forcing the devil formation to descend!

Massive sword qi constantly collided with the torrent of blood, and the victor hadn’t been decided.

The battle between the two formations was like a terrifying grinding disc that could crush everything under Dao Realm.

Even when the monkey that was one with the Earthly Essence Stone would not crush under it, he would be rendered unable to move.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and even Mahamayuri fled from the Nine Underworlds at this time to avoid being squashed in the middle.

Daoism bigwigs also temporarily withdrew from the Abyss Sea.

When two of the world’s two most fierce formations fought, the noise was no less than the battle between the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

The expansion of the Nine Underworlds had again ceased. The entire Nine Underworlds was shaking.

Finally, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation had been erected, which would keep the Nine Underworlds from collapsing and shattering due to the fight.

Without saying a word, Bhikkhu Xuan Du released Clear Qi and Purple Qi, condensed them into the Taiji Image again, and refined the Nine Underworlds.

The Nine Underworlds was unstable, constantly shaking, and on the verge of collapse. Thus, it had become more convenient for Bhikkhu Xuan De to refine this world again.

As Bhikkhu Xuan Du refined the Nine Underworlds, he eroded the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, which helped the Immortal Extermination Formation suppress the devilish formation further.

Amitabha, who was under their besiege, was overwhelmed and occupied with protecting himself.

Yan Zhaoge and other Daoism bigwigs continued to suppress and drive away Buddhists and demon races so that they could not hinder Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

The purple lights kept flickering in the Buddha light behind the Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s head.

In Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s eyes, dark green ominous fire and red gold flame flashed alternately.

The two watched Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s movements with a serious expression but were not flustered.

The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had utilized his backup plan, rebooting the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Thus, Daoism sent over their Immortal Extermination Formation in retaliation.

At this moment, Daoism, Buddhism, demon races, and Nine Underworlds had given all out.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du wanted to refine the Nine Underworlds. Unfortunately, the dangers laid within their plan were getting bigger and bigger as time passed!

Under the violent vibration of the Nine Underworlds, the two illusory figures among the twelve pillars were getting closer and closer to reality at the bottom of the sea!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.