Chapter 1766: Hammer Against The Roc, Cudgel Against Mahamayuri!

Chapter 1766: Hammer Against The Roc, Cudgel Against Mahamayuri!

Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ resistance against the Supreme Song of Dao was stronger than Nine-Headed Bug.

But his movements were still slowed down under the Supreme Song of Dao’s influence.

Yan Zhaoge raised the Chaotic Origin Hammer and smashed it down again, hitting the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’ back!

The golden light revolving around the roc dispersed. He groaned miserably and leaped forward.

Although it was heart-wrenching with his vision turning black, the roc didn’t dare to stay put and did all he could to fly away.

That was because Yan Zhaoge had already picked up the Chaotic Origin Hammer and quickly caught up behind him.

The roc let out a long, shrill cry. Then, he opened his mouth to shoot a golden light toward his claws.

The Dashing Dragon Stake had three rings, with only one of them holding the roc’s claws. However, it wasn’t stable.

At this moment, the ring fell off the claw after being sprinkled with the golden light.

But after this slight delay, the Chaotic Origin Hammer hit him again!

Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles slid to the side to avoid having his vital hit lest he became unconscious.

He even let out a sharp shriek this time and almost passed out on the spot.

Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles gritted his teeth and forcibly stood up. His figure swayed and created a distance between himself and Yan Zhaoge, fleeing away from Yan Zhaoge’s pursuit again.

Without the restraint of the Dashing Dragon Stake, even if he was seriously injured, Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles’s movement art allowed him to ignore the existence of space and time and quickly avoided the third blow coming from the Chaotic Origin Hammer.

At the same time, the roc had avoided another incoming attack from the Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Suddenly, Yang Jian’s figure darted in front of Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles!

Yang Jian was occupied in suppressing Dao Monarch Lu Ya, thus ignoring the roc previously.

But at this moment, his figure flickered everywhere with a ubiquitous property like Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles. He appeared as if chasing Dao Monarch Lu Ya, but there was another figure of him pursuing the roc at this time.

The shining Three-Pointed Double-edged Saber came straight down.

Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles was seriously injured. Unfortunately, he had no time to pick another direction to flee.

His eyes were bare wide, only to watch the saber piercing into his chest!

When blood was spewed in the cosmic space, Five-Colored Divine Radiance suddenly surged over, sweeping away the Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

Mahamayuri noticed how dire the situation was. At the critical moment, he used his Five-Colored Divine Radiance to send his fatally injured ally downward, thus saving the roc’s life.

The dying roc disappeared in the Five-Colored Divine Radiance. Seeing this, Yang Jian raised his eyebrows slightly and looked at Mahamayuri.

Sure enough, Mahamayuri (the King of Peacocks) was also struggling.

The Great Sage Equalling Heavens swung Ru Yi Golden Cudgel over Mahamyuri’s head.

Mahamayuri was so engrossed and distracted to save Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles. This inevitably provided an opening to his opponent.

The cudgel capable of destroying a universe swung over. It smashed directly at the Bael fruit in Mahamayuri’s left hand, smashing the hand next to that and his tail.

Crimson red blood seeped out on the right half of his body, soaking his robe.

After sustaining a direct blow, Mahamayuri slumped and almost fell off the golden peacock’s back.

He hurriedly scattered the Five-Colored Divine Radiance again to block the monkey’s attack.

The monkey gained momentum and became more and more fierce. He chased after Kong Xuan and sent out a devastating onslaught, putting the Peacock King into sorry retreat and unstable footing.

Daoism fought against three factions at the same time, namely: Nine Underworlds, Western Pure Lands, and demon races’ faction. However, they had vividly displayed their might in this battle.

“The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation influenced Feng Yunsheng, and she stayed outside the Nine Underworlds and did not participate in the war. Even so, the Three Clears Lineages are still brutal.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s eyes flashed.

“We need to prolong the battle until the three Golden Body of the Great Sage disintegrates, and Kong Xuan can free up his hands. Only then could we have a comeback.” He looked at Bhikkhu Xuan Du, “But by then, Xuandu may have succeeded.”

The dark ominous flames in Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s eyes kept waving, “Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, if you have any other hidden tricks, use them quickly.”

In the sea of blood, when the Nine Underworlds group devil looked up, they could see that Bhikkhu Xuan Du was constantly refining the Nine Underworlds Devilish qi and the deep seawater.

The current situation was even more critical for the Nine Underworlds.

As if the devil heard Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s message, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil activated an incantation with one hand while wrestling with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

At the bottom of the abyss, there were twelve pillars. Since the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil took the initiative to leave previously, one pillar was empty now.

But at this moment, a mirror suddenly appeared on the pillar.

There was a faint light gathering in the mirror, connecting with the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil in the distance.

In the mirror, a phantom gradually emerged, which was the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

The phantom appeared. The bloody light that was originally faint suddenly brightened!

The spirit patterns that had previously been difficult to operate due to the lack of a stroke and could only barely remain in place were now shining again.

The twelfth stroke reappeared, and the spirit patterns became completed once again.

The previously stagnant, disintegrating Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was back in action!

The torrential blood light boiled upwards, rising into the sky again.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s figure shook violently, and the Taiji Image above his head stopped rotating.

Worse still, there seemed to be an invisible force that wanted to reverse the Taiji Image’s rotation.

The boundless aura of death pervaded the air as if doomsday was impending.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation came alive again.

Although the formation wasn’t as complete as before, the Nine Underworlds seemed to be on the uprising of devils.

Yan Zhaoge and others looked into the depths of the sea of blood and looked at the mirror showing the image of the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

It looked like the mirror image of the fifth devil ancestor. However, it bizarrely allowed the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil to withdraw from the fight with Eastern Sovereign Taiyi while still hosting the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

As soon as the formation operated, fine cracks appeared on the mirror. As time passed, the cracks became thicker and longer.

But at this moment, this mirror did replace the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, temporarily supporting the twelfth spirit patterns of the formation.

Great Devils such as Origin Heart Devil hurried up and concentrated on catalyzing the operation of the formation.

The Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was still entangled with the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi. He would rather not return to the stone pillar than let the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi leave the Nine Underworlds.

“Eastern Sovereign Taiyi couldn’t escape even with the Future Buddha’s help. The four Dao Ancestors regained the balance of two against two. No one could do anything to one another. Instead, they would stop there. Soon, the Nine Underworlds would be unlucky and besieged by four Dao Ancestors.”

Sure enough, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil stalled Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, while Amitabha and Immeasurable Heavenly Lord have no intention of returning to Nine Underworlds.

They allowed the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation below to operate again, but Green Lotus and Immortal Jade Door were still chasing the White Lotus.

That white lotus had already shown signs of crumbling to fight against two alone.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.