Chapter 1768: Into The Sea Of ​​Blood!

Chapter 1768: Into The Sea Of Blood!

There were twelve pillars of different heights in the depths of the sea of blood laid at the bottom of the abyss. The pillars that symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil and the Doomsday Heavenly Devil were illusory blurry.

Although Jian Shunhua was sitting on the pillar that symbolized Doomsday Heavenly Devil, the light above her head was blurry and unreal.

However, as the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation re-emerged, the phantoms of Origin Heavenly Devil and Doomsday Heavenly Devil had materialized over time.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du focused on absorbing the Nine Underworlds, constantly consuming the authority belonging to the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil.

Above the pillar that symbolized the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil, the light blurred out in deterioration.

As the Nine Underworlds gradually declined and disintegrated, the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil grew weaker, while the Origin Heavenly Devil and the Doomsday Heavenly Devil grew stronger.

In fact, the Origin Heavenly Devil had been sealed in the Nine Underworlds across history.

However, as the disintegration of the Nine Underworlds continued, the seal limiting the Origin Heavenly Devil was also relatively weakened. In other words, the devil was one step closer to breaking out from the seal.

The next notable matter was the source of Doomsday Heavenly Devil’s power, which came from the world’s extinction.

The Nine Underworlds was the opposite of the great thousand worlds, but this underworld was still a unique creation of the heavens and the earth. The closer it inched to destruction, and the closer the doomsday emerged, the stronger the summoning of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

The establishment of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was inseparable from the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil’s authority.

The weakening of the Nine Underworlds transformed by Existence Creation Heavenly Devil accelerated the escape of Origin Heavenly Devil and the arrival of Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

The best time for Nine Underworlds was when both sides reached a point of equilibrium.

When the time comes, the Nine Underworlds’ era would begin.

If the devil missed the timing, they might fall through on every side with the authority of Existence Creation Heavenly Devil damaged, the Origin Heavenly Devil still sealed, and the Doomsday Heavenly Devil unable to descend into this world. Of course, that would mean they had utterly lost in this ordeal.

In the depths of the sea of blood, which was the core of the formation, the Origin Heart Devil sent his palms out, reciting ancient and mysterious scriptures.

Beside him was the pillar symbolizing Devil of Aged Metal, in which Nie Jingshen also slowly stood up.

He left the pillar that symbolized the Devil of Aged Metal.

On the vacant stone pillar, a flag was added.

It was the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag.

But at this moment, there was a strange and mysterious rune on the flag.

As was the case with the previous Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, Nine Underworlds duplicated the same plan, temporarily using this flag to replace Nie Jingshen.

Under the flag, although Nie Jingshen temporarily left the pillar symbolizing Devil of Aged Metal, it did not affect the operation of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

The formation was still running. However, due to the fight between the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and the pressure of the Immortal Extermination Formation from the outside world, cracks quickly appeared on the Ivory Cloud Realm Flag.

Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was still running tenaciously.

Nie Jingshen turned to the other side and walked to the pillar that symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil!

When Yan Zhaoge saw this, his eyes were stern.

Nine Underworlds was eyeing Nie Jingshen’s Early Heaven Nascent Form, intending to make him embody two Great Devils, Origin Heavenly Devil and Devil of Aged Metal.

Under the blessing of Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, Origin Heavenly Devil would successfully break out from his seal if they succeed. At the same time, the Nine Underworlds resolved the absence of the Devil of Aged Metal entirely.

“Yunsheng!” Yan Zhaoge snorted softly, clasping his hands in front of his chest and forming a seal.

The Immortal Extermination Formation temporarily suppressed the incomplete Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, and Feng Yunsheng outside Nine Underworlds became much better.

Although her face was pale, her eyes were clear and sharp.

At the same time, when the abyss of chaos appeared on the top of her head, black talismans emerged from the chaos.

Numerous black talismans floated up and down in the abyss.

The changes even happened in the distant Nine Underworlds. Under the bloody sea formation, the deepest part of the core of the Nine Underworlds deep sea also experienced changes.

On the pillar that symbolized Doomsday Heavenly Devil, Jian Shunhua’s body trembled.

There were also black talismans pouring out from her body, the same as Encompassing Abyss on Feng Yunsheng’s head outside Nine Underworlds!

As soon as the black talisman appeared in the sea of blood, the sea of blood fluctuated violently.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi were at a stalemate. On the other hand, Origin Heart Devil and others tried their best to stabilize the formation and resist the oppression of Immortal Extermination Formation.

The devils had no one to deal with the black talisman immediately.

Although soaked in blood, the black talisman quickly shattered.

Then, new talismans were born from Jian Shunhua’s body.

“Sure enough, we can’t underestimate them.” Origin Heart Devil looked at Yan Zhaoge’s group across the sea of blood.

At the same time that the devils were plotting against Feng Yunsheng, Yan Zhaoge had plans for them too!

Yan Zhaoge might not be sure that Nine Underworlds’ hidden card was Jian Shunhua. Still, the partial Doomsday Heavenly Devil authority in Feng Yunsheng’s possession was not only something Yan Zhaoge had to be vigilant with. It was also the chip in his hand.

Although Jian Shunhua wasn’t hurt now, Yan Zhaoge’s trick had played its role.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil was restrained by Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and had no time to send an avatar over, which was an excellent opportunity for Yan Zhaoge to execute it.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi watched all this calmly, even lowering his hands and attacking more urgently, giving the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil no time to be distracted.

He didn’t want to stop the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil but to force the opponent to make a decision.

Or else he would let Yan Zhaoge’s group perform their plan.

Otherwise, the devil had to stop pestering Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and do all he could to deal with Daoism. Then, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi could get out and help Future Buddha.

The black talisman was mixed in the sea of blood, like impurities, affecting the operation of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

More importantly, it affected Nie Jingshen!

Previously in the position of Aged Metal, Nie Jingshen managed to sit cross-legged with a solid foundation.

At this moment, he left his position and moved to the Origin Heavenly Devil’s pillar, but he had not yet settled down firmly.

At this time, Nie Jingshen was put into a situation akin to having the bridge broken when he was halfway through. Thus, he fell into the water and became vulnerable.

He slowed down, stopped between the two pillars, and stood still.

Above Nie Jingshen’s head, a small light group gradually appeared.

A white and tender baby emerged in the brilliance, standing in the air, with the same movements as Nie Jingshen.

The baby’s body was wrapped around a devilish pattern one after another, and it kept flashing.

The devilish pattern flowed and covered the surface of the baby’s body.

But as the radiance surged on the baby, the devilish patterns retreated and soared again.

This cycle went on and on, over and over again.

Surrounded by the blood light, the white and tender baby curled up, and the devilish pattern immediately took the opportunity to pounce on it.

“Divine Mother, we need your help,” said Yan Zhaoge.

The Incongruence Divine Mother didn’t answer.

But the Immortal Extermination Formation rolled down, putting more and more pressure on the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

The yellow fog and golden light swept around the Nine Underworlds, shattering pieces of the black sea and blood light.

The blood-colored tides showed signs of being torn apart.

Outside of Nine Underworlds, Feng Yunsheng, who was sitting cross-legged in the void, suddenly stood up.

She held the saber’s handle with one hand and the blade with the other, grabbed the long black saber suspended in the air, and rushed into the Nine Underworlds.

Yan Zhaoge took a deep breath. Runes surged around his body, which were connected to form a spell that imitated the Buddha light belt.

The spell formed several halos of different sizes from different planes, rotating irregularly around Yan Zhaoge.

Feng Yunsheng came to Yan Zhaoge and snapped the black saber.

The long saber broke. The black light condensed but did not disperse, forming an illusory hole.

The halo around Yan Zhaoge’s body rotated, and he rushed into the black hole first!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.