Chapter 1770: Unsealing The Origins!

Chapter 1770: Unsealing the Origins!

“East Sovereign will head to rescue the Future Buddha. If it goes well, the situation will be over when the battle comes back to 2 against 2. No one can do anything to the other. So Amitabha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord have to give up this opportunity, and the two sides will have a temporary truce.” Yan Zhaoge frowned.

The four Dao Ancestors were likely to return to the Nine Underworlds, break the devil formation, or deal with Daoism.

It would be bad for Daoism and the Nine Underworlds too.

As the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi left, the four Dao Ancestors would cease fighting.

Nine Underworlds’ opportunity was fleeting too.

This time, they must carefully grasp the opportunity and try to eliminate all possible factors to gain success in one fell swoop.

That was why Yan Zhaoge and the others grabbed Nie Jingshen away, and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil did not make a move.

It would eliminate Daoism’s interference and let Eastern Sovereign Taiyi leave at ease.

He glanced over Yan Zhaoge and others earlier. Although he didn’t say a word, he seemed to have conveyed his message.

You were only allowed to come in once.

The Nine Underworlds made another preparation for this!

It was time to go for the decisive victory.

Nie Jingshen failed to operate on the pillar that symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil.

But at this moment, there was another figure above the pillar.

Even across the sea of blood, everyone present could vaguely feel that there was no life in that body.

It was a corpse.

However, although he had long since died, his body was not rotted. On the contrary, his face and smile were like those of life, but only his eyes were closed, and he did not speak, as if he was asleep.

A person who was distant from everyone present, but not a stranger.

Yan Zhaoge took a deep breath as he looked at the body in the black emperor’s robe with a crown on his head and a majestic face.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and the North Star Emperor frowned.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du let out a long sigh.

“Purple Tenuity Emperor…” Yang Jian also sighed.

The Daoism elites present had their faces turned a little gloomy at this time.

On the pillar that symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil was Purple Tenuity Emperor, the head of the Daoism Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace Four Imperials in the past!

Purple Tenuity Emperor’s full name was Heaven Reigning Purple Tenuity Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor.

With Yang Jian and Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord out all year round, the Purple Tenuity Emperor was the de facto number two in Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace in the past, regardless of strength or status.

After the Great Calamity, Heavenly Court’s Divine Palace collapsed. The Purple Tenuity Emperor also went missing, and there was no news of him.

There were rumors and speculations among the Daoism powerhouses that the Purple Tenuity Emperor had fallen.

But at the same time, he was suspected to be the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s true form.

Unexpectedly, everyone saw the Purple Tenuity Emperor again at this place.

In this reunion, what they saw was the cadaver of the Purple Tenuity Emperor.

Although his face was lifelike, an invisible, ancient air on his carcass indicated that he had fallen for many years.

The biggest possibility was that he was killed during the Great Calamity that year.

“In this way, it proves that the Purple Tenuity Emperor is not the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.” Yan Zhaoge exhaled in a deep breath, “But, it’s quite unpleasant to see the evidence in this manner.”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity looked at Nie Jingshen on Yan Zhaoge’s left and then looked at the purple light on the stone pillar in the sea of blood, “Earlier Heaven Nascent Form.”

Before Nie Jingshen, the person with the Earlier Heaven Nascent Form, who had the highest cultivation, was the Heaven Reigning Purple Tenuity Polaris Grand Sovereign Emperor!

At this moment, the Purple Tenuity Emperor began to emit a faint light on the stone pillar that symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil.

In the brilliance, the cadaver kept shrinking and finally turned into a chubby white baby.

Numerous devilish patterns crept upon the baby’s body.

Different from the devilish pattern that previously covered Nie Jingshen, the devilish pattern faded and circulated endlessly because of the peculiarity of the Early Heaven Nascent Form.

The same Earlier Heaven Nascent Form, but the devilish pattern was firm after being imprinted on the baby.

Above the baby, the illusory light continued to solidify, with the baby as the center.

At this moment, it appeared as if an ancient existence was slowly waking up!

That was the will of the first devil in the world, the leader of ten thousand devils, the Origin Heavenly Devil.

It was born during the earlier heaven, and it was even older than this world. The Origin Heavenly Devil had competed with the Primordial Heavenly Lord for the merit of creating the world!

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and Dipankara were equally solemn.

They backed away with Mahamayuri, watching the fight between Daoism and the Nine Underworlds.

The Immortal Extermination Formation was still pressing down, breaking open the crumbling Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du was also hurrying up to refine the Nine Underworlds.

Everyone in Daoism looked silently at the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil in the sea of blood.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi left Nine Underworlds, and there was no one occupying Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil this time.

However, the sovereign did not leave the sea of blood to seek out Daoism combatants.

The Immortal Extermination Formation was still there, and the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was still on the verge of crumbling.

While the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil began his massacre, the Immortal Extermination Formation would crush the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation and slaughter the Nine Underworlds devil at the bottom of the abyss.

The six Extinct Devils would not be spared. The remains of the Purple Tenuity Emperor and the soul of Jian Shunhua would be destroyed in an instant.

The entire Nine Underworlds would be disintegrated soon enough.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil let the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi leave, trying to buy time to get to this stage.

He glanced at the Daoism crowd indifferently, then returned to the twelve pillars and came back to his position.

The black mirror was already covered with cracks as dense as spider webs on that pillar.

The timing of Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil’s return was just right. He sat down calmly, flicked his fingers, and the black mirror was utterly shattered, turning into dust and disappearing.

The Ivory Cloud Realm Flag was critically damaged on the pillar that symbolized Devil of Aged Metal, making it difficult to continue.

But the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil reached out his hand. A brand new black mirror appeared on the opposite side.

Nie Jingshen’s figure was reflected in the mirror, restabilizing the position of Devil of Aged Metal in the formation.

With the return of the devil’s Dao Ancestor, the crumbling Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was instantly stabilized!

The sea of blood, which had previously collapsed, stopped the decline and became turbulent again.

The momentum of the Immortal Extermination Formation slowed down and started to stagnate.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s plan of refining the Nine Underworlds also came to naught. The Taiji Image created by Purple Qi and Clear Qi above his head reversed and disintegrated.

With the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation becoming solid again and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil overseeing it in person, the sea of blood intensified.

On the pillar, which symbolized the Origin Heavenly Devil, lights gradually combined with the baby!

The inexplicable and intimidating aura was getting stronger and stronger.

At the bottom of the sea of blood, it seemed that something suddenly shattered at this moment.

A gap cracked open, revealing a dazzling brilliance, illuminating the Nine Underworlds and the world just right outside!

As the gap cracked open, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation became stronger and multiplied!

The terrifying sea of blood rose into the sky, and it began to rise against the Immortal Extermination Formation slowly!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.