Chapter 1777: It Doesn’T Matter Even The Weight Of Heavens Fall On Me!

Chapter 1777: It Doesn’t Matter Even The Weight of Heavens Fall On Me!

“It’s not too early for me.” Suo Mingzhang stared at Mahamayuri, “Waiting for the future to come may be too late.”

Compared to everyone present, except Suo Mingzhang himself, Kong Xuan felt the changes in the Heaven Severing light the most.

The white-robed Buddha sitting on the back of the King of Peacocks looked even more solemn at this moment.

“As I said, it’s still early for you to make a move on me.” Mahamayuri uttered word by word.

The overwhelming Five-Colored Divine Radiance kept crashing down at Suo Mingzhang.

Suo Mingzhang faced the monstrous power of his opponent directly without inching even a step backward.

The mysterious power of Heaven Severing Scripture emptied the devil qi wherever it crossed.

Thus, it created a vacuum in the Nine Underworlds with nothing in that space, whether it was the devilish qi or the worldly creations.

Mahamayuri’s Five-Colored Divine Radiance swept through everything around it. All those who came close to it were completely gone.

Only Suo Mingzhang and the Blessed Lands around him blocked the surging Five-Colored Divine Radiance away.

The seemingly monstrous Five-Colored Tides showed signs of breaking through the invisible dam as long as they inched a little higher.

However, this gap could never be surpassed.

The higher the flood peak, the higher the embankment.

The crumbling dams seemed unable to last long. However, the situation didn’t seem as dangerous as time went by. Instead, the dam grew increasingly stable and unchallenged.

The once undefeated Five-Colored Divine Radiance refined Suo Mingzhang’s Heaven Severing Scripture continuously, helping him to improve what he had learned and become stronger.

Mahamayuri put on a serious expression. However, he didn’t cease the offense of the Five-Colored Divine Radiance, intending to break Suo Mingzhang’s divine light.

However, Suo Mingzhang did not give in and clashed with Mahamayuri to the end.

Five-Colored Divine Radiance was eliminated one after another, but more of them to fill up the missing gap.

One after another Heaven Severing Light was crushed to the bottom, but more of them came to replenish the momentum.

A Buddha in white sitting on the back of the King of Peacocks clashed with the short-haired man with a flaming dragon on his head.

The two stood face to face, seemingly close to one another. However, the distance was a word apart.

A border visible to the naked eye was like a wall standing between the two.

One side of the wall had five colors flowing incessantly, and the other side was shining brilliantly.

The Five-Colored Divine Radiance and the Heaven Severing Divine Light formed two worlds, crushing and colliding with each other.

This battle was naturally eye-catching and attracted everyone’s attention.

“Fellow Daoist Suo’s expression is getting more and more relaxed.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity thought, “Although he is still on the defensive side, he has the chance to go on offense as time goes by and counterattacks.”

Vajrapramardi Buddha and Archaic Dipankara Buddha recalled the scene when Suo Mingzhang fought against them successively in the past, “He always improved by a huge margin every time we meet. It has only been a few millennia since he landed in the Grand Heavenly Realm.”

Archaic Dipankara Buddha shook his head and stopped reminiscing about the past.

While Suo Mingzhang occupied Mahamayuri, the rest of Daoism did not stay idle.

Ne Zha confronted Archaic Dipankara Buddha immediately.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva tried to stop Ne Zha, but Yang Jian stopped her attempt, “Why don’t you give the two of them a chance to settle their karma?”

As Suo Mingzhang said earlier, without the threat of Mahamayuri and the restraint of Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, Yang Jian’s speed advantage was overwhelming. He could appear almost everywhere, with one person managing the entire battlefield.

He not only protected Bhikkhu Xuan Du engrossed in refining the Nine Underworlds but also protected the trio who was recuperating under Yan Zhaoge’s effort.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya frowned. His figure flashed, and he descended towards the top of the sea of blood. Then, he unleashed his dark green ominous fire, connecting to the spirit patterns of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Instead of attacking Bhikkhu Xuan Du at the moment, he concentrated on his ritual and contended with Bhikkhu Xuan Du in speed.

The outcome would depend on whether Bhikkhu Xuan Du refined the Nine Underworlds first or he acquired the sea of blood’s spirit patterns first.

Yang Jian didn’t take his eyes away from Dao Monarch Lu Ya. He appeared in front of Dao Monarch Lu Ya in a flicker and stabbed his Three-Pointed Double-edged Saber toward Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s heart.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya was helpless with the hindrance and hurriedly morphed into rainbow light to flee.

In terms of speed, he didn’t suffer from Yang Jian.

However, with Yang Jian’s interference, Dao Monarch Lu Ya couldn’t refine the spirit patterns of the sea of blood. Of course, he wouldn’t want to entangle Yang Jian by himself and give the opportunity to Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

Jizo Bodhisattva frowned as he looked at Ne Zha coming right at Archaic Dipankara Buddha yet again.

He wanted to help, but Yang Jian stopped him.

“Buddha is merciful.” Jizo Bodhisattva uttered Buddhism’s doctrine, manifested his dharma image, and conjured a hell similar to the Nine Underworlds.

An ascetic Buddha sat in hell and suffered from torture but remained pure.

Beneath the Buddha, a rotation wheel appeared, which harnessed the reincarnation cycle.

It seemed Jizo Bodhisattva intended to drag Yang Jian into the samsara.

Even if he failed, it would restrict Yang Jian and put a halt to his advantage of controlling the entire battlefield.

Seeing this, Yang Jian laughed and harnessed the profundities in his Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts.

A golden-winged roc still manifested on the top of his head, but he transformed himself into a colossal lion!

The lion had nine heads. At this time, the nine intimidating mouths roared towards the hell below Jizo Bodhisattva.

Under the roar, the door to samara immediately closed, shattering the hell incantation.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and other demon races’ bigwigs were perplexed by the scene.

The nine-headed lion that Yang Jian transformed into was the true form of the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits.

The Eastern Extremity Viridescent Splendour Emperor, or in other words, Taiyi Nirvana Heavenly Lord’s mount, could open the hell and the samsara gate under a roar.

The same roar could also close it.

The Grand Saint of Nine Spirits was in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea and was not involved in the Nine Underworlds’ plot today.

However, Yang Jian took its shape and broke Jizo Bodhisattva’s martial art.

Seeing that the samsara gate was about to close and the hell collapsing, Jizo Bodhisattva silently recited the scriptures with his expression unchanged.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, and Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva descended into the blood pool of hell together.

“I have to trouble seniors to take the Senior Brother Manjushri position temporarily.” Jizo Bodhisattva nodded to Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva.

The four Bodhisattva returned to their position, thus inciting a new change to the incarnated hell.

The brutal scenes of purgatory and torture were re-displayed, such as bone-seeping chills, skinning, intestinal removals, and burning the victim alive in oil.

The coverage of hell expanded rapidly and soared toward Yang Jian.

Hellish Bodhisattva Realm of the Ten Samsara!

Although the hell image was boundless, there were four Bodhisattva who recited sutras, capable of rescuing sentient beings and turning all suffering into emptiness.

Bodhisattvas worked hand-in-hand to dispel Yang Jian’s Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts capable of morphing into anything.

At the same time, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha disregarded the onslaught of Ne Zha. Instead, he sent out all eighteen Sea Suppressing Pearls and smashed them on Yang Jian’s head!

Yang Jian looked at Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva and smiled, “You’re still seeing me in my past self.”

He stood still, ignoring the Hellish Bodhisattva Realm of the Ten Samsara. He unfolded the Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts and resisted the bombardment of 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls with his sturdy physique alone!

Under 18 consecutive clashes, the Sea Suppressing Pearl, which seemed as heavy as the heavens, smashed continuously on Yang Jian’s forehead. However, the attack didn’t even leave a mark!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.