Chapter 1778: Internal Strife!

Chapter 1778: Internal Strife!

Yang Jian’s figure quickly morphed back to the human appearance. However, the projection of the nine lions and the Golden-Winged Great Roc on his head was still flashing.

With the Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts unfolded, Yang Jian faced the attack of 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls unharmed.

Holding the Three-Pointed Double-edged Saber in his hand, Yang Jian slashed downwards, smashing through the Hellish Bodhisattva Realm of the Ten Samsara created by the joint efforts of the four Bodhisattva.

Then, Yang Jian turned his head to look at Archaic Dipankara Buddha, “You are still the same, Dipankara.”

During the Investiture of the Gods, the Golden Spirit Mother was the strongest among the Prime Clear bigwigs. She fought against the Jade Clear’s powerhouse, Samantabhadra Cultivated Deity who had not yet entered Buddhism at that time, Manjushri Broad Laws Heavenly Lord, and Compassionate Cultivated Deity simultaneously.

They were Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, Manjushri Bodhisattva, and Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, who later entered Buddhism.

As a result of the fierce battle, Dipankara Cultivated Deity (the past Archaic Dipankara Buddha) attacked with 24 Sea Suppressing Pearls and killed the Golden Spirit Mother, who was fighting against the three Jade Clear bigwigs, thus sending the Golden Spirit Mother into the Investiture of Gods.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha did the same trick again and ambushed Yang Jian.

It was a pity that Yang Jian’s Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts granted a superb physique. Even when the Sea Suppressing Pearl bombarded his head, Yang Jian was unscattered. Archaic Dipankara Buddha gained nothing in the end.

He had attacked Yang Jian with all 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls and inevitably revealed an opening.

Ne Zha wouldn’t let the chance slip by. He immediately broke through the golden fire and stabbed at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha with his spear.

When the Vajrapramardi Buddha saw this, he hurriedly sent a Vajra Buddha Sarira from a distance to help Archaic Dipankara Buddha in taking Ne Zha’s attack.

Yang Jian’s figure darted immediately. It seemed like he was still fighting against Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’s group, but he had already appeared beside Vajrapramardi Buddha and Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

Yang Jian was no faster than Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles in terms of speed.

But in terms of the damage power, Yang Jian was incomparable to Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

Vajra Buddha Sarira could match the speed of Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles, but Yang Jian’s might outmatched it.

With that, the sarira was smashed on the spot. Although Vajrapramardi Buddha Golden’s Body had a strong defense, it didn’t want to confront Yang Jian’s attack head-on, so he quickly gave way.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha recalled the Sea Suppressing Pearl and hurriedly resisted Yang Jian’s attack, but Ne Zha immediately assaulted again.

While sweeping away the Buddhas, Yang Jian also stopped in front of Bhikkhu Xuan Du. He unfolded the golden lotus in his primordial spirit and blocked Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s Immortal Slaying Flying Saber for Bhikkhu Xuan Du!

At the same time, Yang Jian morphed his shape. He clashed with Yuan Hong head-on, knocking this Great Demon known for a robust physique away.

Yang Jian seemed to be everywhere on the battlefield, causing all the Buddhas of the Blessed Lands and the demons of the Astro Mountains Starry Sea to retreat!

Although Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng, and others were currently unable to participate in the battle and even the uptime of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens’ true form had reached the limit, the Heavenly Lords of Daoism remained strong. Daoism kept the momentum and suppressed the counterattack of the Buddha and the demon races.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du seized the opportunity to refine the Nine Underworlds and attain the Dao Realm.

“Archaic Buddha?” Vajrapramardi Buddha looked toward Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha fended off Ne Zha’s attack while looking at Bhikkhu Xuan Du, his eyes flickering.

Taiji Image above Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s head got more massive, seemingly replacing the Nine Underworlds at any second.

A faint yellow brilliance gradually emerged in the center of the Taiji Image.

It was pretty different from the heavy Sea Suppressing Pearl. Instead, the Taijia Image was not so vast and powerful, but it was thicker and more compact.

However, a stream of light suddenly soared into the sky and plunged into the Taiji Image!

Bhikkhu Xuan Du was taken aback, “Senior Brother Southern Extremity!”

The streamer that flew into the Taiji Image was the Jade Sceptre flashing in purple, white, and golden yellow.

It was the Jade Clear Dao Ancestor Primordial Heavenly Lord’s treasure before he transcended — Triratna Jade Sceptre!

After the Triratna Jade Sceptre fixed the Taiji Image in place, it stopped rotating, but luckily it didn’t revert to the devilish qi.

The vast world transformed by the Taiji Image and the remaining Nine Underworlds temporarily form a delicate balance, resembling the north and south poles.

Triratna Jade Sceptre was located at where the two poles met.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor stood on the lightning chariot, and his face behind the bead curtain was calm, “Thanks for the trouble, Junior Brother Xuandu.”

Most of the people on the scene were caught off guard. They looked at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor in surprise.

Nine thunderbolts gradually emerged and lined up above the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s head.

Some were like a silent night, a mass of pitch black and silent. However, the power hidden within was devastating, seemingly about to explode at any time, as if the dawn was approaching.

Some were blazingly bright, imbued with the yang and rigorous energy. It resembled the great sun hanging high in the sky.

Some were icy cold, imbued with the yin and tender energy, like flowing water. With that, the yin and yang were established, making it more profound.

Some keep flickering, changing every moment. The thunderbolt concentrated all its power to burst into full bloom, interpreting the principle of momentary changes.

Some were constant and unmoving. Their brilliance was always bright and stable without any slight moment. It appeared as if the time was eternal, immortal, and immovable, watching the changes in the world.

Some were invisible and formless, unlike the thunder. Instead, it was colorful, which put the observers in awe.

Some deduced the five elements, their principle of mutual growth, mutual restraint, endless growth, and evolution.

Some were like bubbles. A new world was born every time it shrunk and then expanded.

Some were like chaos, vague and difficult to understand. They resembled the beginning of the primordial gulf before the beginning of all things.

Nine Heavens Immortal Thunder appeared on the top of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s head, condensing into nine different thunder and lightning talismans.

Then, the nine lightning talismans merged to form a more enormous and more mysterious thunder talisman.

This talisman seemed to encompass the changes and rules of the world’s creation from the beginning to the present.

The thunder talisman rose, imprinted on the Triratna Jade Sceptre.

Then, the lightning bolts spread in all directions, gradually extending to the cosmic space above the Taiji Image and the Nine Underworlds.

Thunder was like a moving silver snake, running everywhere, all over the sky.

“Using the thunder to establish the world and create the world again.” Bhikkhu Xuan Du stared at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, “Is this your way to Dao Realm? So, Senior Antarctic Brother, you have already prepared for this long ago.”

Their respective paths were different, but they had to fight for the same opportunity.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Dao Monarch Lu Ya strove to refine the sea of blood with their own hands and overcome the devil’s tribulation.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s path conflicted with theirs, but the details were different. His goal was to refine Nine Underworlds and utilize their weakness to perform new creations.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had to compete for the same opportunity with the Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

Therefore, he fought for using the foundation of the Nine Underworlds to establish a new world and a new creation.

However, he was way more secretive than Bhikkhu Xuan Du, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, and the rest.

In the Nine Underworlds fight, everyone else laid their attention on Daoism and Bhikkhu Xuan Du. The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was also already on standby, staying on low pride and quietly waiting for the final moment.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.