Chapter 1772: Losing The Gamble

Chapter 1772: Losing the Gamble

Yan Zhaoge’s words seemed to have no connection, making it difficult for others to understand what he meant.

But in that crystal, Nie Jingshen’s figure trembled slightly.

Just as everyone was talking, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation continued to operate and became stronger and stronger.

The sea of blood surged to the sky, forcibly pushing the Immortal Extermination Formation out of the abyss.

The surging blood light also rushed out of the Nine Underworlds’ Abyss of Devilish Sea.

The blood qi in the Nine Underworlds merged with the blood light. At first glance, the entire Nine Underworlds seemed to be submerged in a sea of blood.

The tyrannical blood light seemed unstoppable even for the Grand Heavenly Realm powerhouses.

Even if Mahamayuri scattered his Five-Colored Divine Radiance over, the brilliance was constantly devoured by the blood.

The crimson tide began to expand beyond the Nine Underworlds.

A doomsday-like terrifying air enveloped the great thousand worlds.

With the absence of Amitabha in Western Pure Lands, the pure lands were no longer as pristine as they once were.

Buddhism’s light of joy and peace faded, and the blossoming green lotus seemed to be stained with blood.

The sun was setting in the demon races’ Astro Mountains Starry Sea, and the entire universe looked gloomy.

In the Grand Plainness Heavens, the Fusang Divine Tree, which seemed to be where the sunrise came, also loomed with the image of the branches and leaves withered.

Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus heretics were also shrouded in the blood light.

The believers were apprehensive about this unprecedented scene.

In the past, the peace that could be obtained through devout prayers faltered, making the air even more suffocating.

Daoism’s universe was no exception, and all beings were restless.

No matter Daoism’s universe, the Blessed Lands of Buddhism, the worlds of the demon races, or the heretics’ territory, they were all facing the erosion of the Nine Underworlds at this moment.

In some worlds, time and space were cracked. Gaps appeared when the Nine Underworlds descended, and the devilish qi spread.

In the Nine Underworlds, the twelve pillars kept soaring and finally rose together with the sea of blood, surfacing from the abyss.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil looked at the Immortal Extermination Formation and Yan Zhaoge’s group indifferently.

Besides the Twelve Devilish Gods garrisoning the formation, the rest of the Nine Underworlds’ devils rushed out of the abyss!

Under the basking of blood light, all devils had skyrocketed in power!

Under the blood light, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, Mahamayuri, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the others were severely suppressed.

They had to utilize all their strength to resist the threat coming from the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Worse still, the threat was soaring in power.

There were signs of them unable to continue.

All these elites were in the most vulnerable moment.

In the past, anyone could defeat the devils on the spot. However, the Nine Underworlds’ devils in front of them had become the enemies capable of taking their life, the straw that broke the camel’s back.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation enshrouded the devils, and the Immortal Extermination Formation was helpless against them.

The devils ran rampant in the world.

The phantom of death hung over everyone’s mind.

What worsened the situation was that Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil were still paying attention to other places and hadn’t participated in wiping out the crowd.

The top Great Devils maneuvered the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation solemnly.

Their eyes were fixed on the pillar that symbolized the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

Jian Shunhua’s figure and the light that enveloped her gradually merged on that pillar.

That light looming about her had materialized, almost turning into actual existence.

The dead and silent aura intensified as if the world had come to an end.

Following the Primordial Heavenly Devil breaking out from the seal, Doomsday Heavenly Devil was about to be born!

When the three Great Devil ancestors existed simultaneously, even if the Dao Ancestors, Amitabha, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, and others set foot in the Nine Underworlds again, they would not be able to reverse the situation.

Feng Yunsheng’s face was as pale as a paper at the moment.

But she gradually stabilized her condition.

After calming down, she was much more comfortable than Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, Kong Xuan, and others under the shroud of blood.

In this situation, she had to intercept the offense that came from the Nine Underworlds’ devils.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil calmly turned his head and glanced over, “Come back.”

One of his eight arms pointed his fingers towards Feng Yunsheng.

Feng Yunsheng felt like she had suffered a heavy blow. The abyss above her head dissipated. She even more involuntarily flew towards the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

She gritted her teeth. As her figure flashed, she plunged directly into the chaotic abyss above and disappeared.

Chaos dissipated under the wash of blood, but Feng Yunsheng’s figure appeared on the other side.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil didn’t care at all. His expression was unfazed, and he continued to point his finger toward Feng Yunsheng.

But halfway through his action, he suddenly stopped.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil next to him also turned his head and looked in the other direction.

There, a purple tinge suddenly appeared in the blood-red sky.

Everyone at the scene looked at it with different expressions.

Yan Zhaoge’s expression was as calm as before.

“Nine Underworlds has lost their gamble.” This sentence was like the footnote of what was about to happen. That touch of purple came to everyone.

It was visible from a distance, but it became majestic and endless after getting close. The mighty purple qi expanded billions of miles, and its vastness was impossible to be measured.

The vast purple qi was like paving a path from the Nine Underworlds to the sea of blood, spreading to where the twelve pillars were located.

Then, the purple qi spread out in front of the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

An old man in Daoist attire appeared, sitting on the back of a massive green ox.

“Fellow Daoist came in the end.” Primordial Heavenly Devil’s eyes were calm, and he calmly looked at the old man in Daoism attire on the back of a massive green ox.

“Yes.” The old man replied calmly.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil also looked at the old man before him, “The person who secretly contacted Aged Metal back then is really Fellow Daoist.”

“It’s me.” The old man nodded.

The Wood Devil next to him had an ugly face and blurted out, “Since the Elder Lord has already transcended, why would you care about this mundane world? Back then, during the Great Calamity, didn’t the Elder Lord also not take action on it?”

Everyone in Daoism had different expressions, but they all bowed to the old man shrouded in the purple qi.

Mahamayuri, Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and other elites were no exception.

The old man in Daoism attire sitting on the back of the green ox was the Lord of Tushita Palace, the Supreme Elder Lord!

Grand Clear’s Lord of Dao and Virtue was not only the watch of good fortune but also the center of great Dao, living with the Dao and coexisting with the world.

Even when the Lord of Dao and Virtue had transcended, he would still leave a projection in this world, given his peculiar trait. The Supreme Elder Lord in Tushita Palace still existed in this world.

However, the Supreme Elder Lord had rarely set foot in the world.

Except for making a move in the Middle era, the Supreme Elder Lord had never appeared in front of the public.

However, the Grand Clear Dao Ancestor had reappeared!

The Elder Lord didn’t take Wood Devil’s words seriously and said calmly, “I wanted to come today, so I came.”

He nodded at Wood Devil, then turned to Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, “You should stop.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.