Chapter 1773: One Qi Manifesting Three Clears!

Chapter 1773: One Qi Manifesting Three Clears!

The Elder Lord stayed in the sea of blood calmly. The boundless purple qi lingered and collided with the surging blood light as if tearing up a gap in the sea of blood.

The operation of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation suddenly became stagnant, just like when Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi came to the sea of blood.

The first to be affected was the light and phantom on the pillar that symbolized the Doomsday Heavenly Devil. The figure that was about to materialize became illusory again.

Looking at the Supreme Elder Lord on the back of the green ox, the Origin Heart Devil said solemnly, “The Nine Underworlds destroying the world will not affect you.”

“The Nine Underworlds will replace the great thousand worlds. As far as your venerable is concerned, it will also coexist with the world without any hindrance.”

The Elder Lord said indifferently, “I know.”

The Original Heart Devil looked at the Elder Lord. His lips moved, but he swallowed the rest of the words and ceased to speak.

The Elder Lord seemed to be hinting that he didn’t care about the influence that might happen.

Even if the destruction of the Nine Underworlds might affect his existence, he might not necessarily come to stop them.

At the same time, when the destruction of the Nine Underworlds might not affect his existence, he might not necessarily sit out from this.

There was only one reason for coming here, a simple wish as he claimed.

He wanted to come, so here he was.

“Elder Lord has come into contact with Senior Brother Nie previously. Did the Nine Underworlds notice a clue about it?” Yan Zhaoge looked at this scene and said slowly, “They are also gambling on whether the Elder Lord will make a move.”

“The risk of gambling on the Purple Tenuity Emperor’s cadaver is lower. After all, the Nine Underworlds stole the Purple Tenuity Emperor’s cadaver during the Great Calamity, and the Elder Lord did not make a move back then.”

Their move against Nie Jingshen seemed to have alerted the Elder Lord.

However, it was still uncertain if the Elder Lord would intervene with the Nine Underworlds.

After all, the Elder Lord acted as he wanted. It wasn’t guaranteed that he would resolve the entire matter too.

Nine Underworlds chose to gamble that the Elder Lord would not participate.

As the public enemy of all the factions and the target plotted by many parties, the Nine Underworlds didn’t have many choices but to do their best.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil successfully broke out from the seal, and the Elder Lord didn’t intervene. Thus, they thought that they had won in their gamble.

However, even before the Elder Lord appeared, Yan Zhaoge already had a hunch that Nine Underworlds would lose their gamble.

Even though he wasn’t sure when the Elder Lord would come, the possibility of the Elder Lord coming was far greater than not coming.

It was because of what Nie Jingshen said to him.

At that time, no one knew that Yan Zhaoge had the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. Everyone just had expectations of him to cultivate Three Clears at the same time and discover the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

But before that day, Nie Jingshen’s words were scary to Yan Zhaoge.

In retrospect, it seemed more accurate to say that it was the Supreme Elder Lord speaking to Yan Zhaoge instead of Nie Jingshen.

Of course, the Elder Lord might change his action at any time, given his typical attitude.

But considering everything that happened before and the changes in the situation after the Nine Underworlds’ plot, Yan Zhaoge’s eyes gradually became clear.

He seemed to be standing at a higher place, watching the development of the ordeal, and a looming trajectory appeared in front of him.

This made many of Yan Zhaoge’s previous guesses come true with more confidence in his heart.

In the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, the Primordial Heavenly Devil looked at the Supreme Elder Lord and asked quietly, “Since you’re coming, why not come earlier? It can stop me from getting out of the seals.”

“I haven’t seen you for a long time. I’m just curious how you’re doing. I think my arrival is just right on time.” The Supreme Elder Lord smiled slightly.

The Elder Lord’s tone seemed serious and calm even though those words seemed informal. Obviously, the Elder Lord meant it.

However, when it came into the ears of the Nine Underworlds’ devils, those words weren’t something they would be pleased to hear.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil didn’t look angry. Instead, he nodded calmly and said, “If that’s the case, you should meet Doomsday Heavenly Devil.”

After saying that, he reached out his hand and pointed forward. The tumbling wave of blood light swept through it, wantonly drowning the purple qi in the sea of blood.

At the same time, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil incarnated hand seals toward the pillar that symbolized the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

Consequently, the light and phantom on the pillar condensed from its ethereal form to materialize, with Jian Shunhua as the core.

“Doomsday? It’s not worth my time seeing him.” The Elder Lord sat on the back of the green ox, and the dust in his hand came tumbling.

The mighty purple qi formed talismans one after another. They were timeless and graceful as they materialized into one.

At this moment, one side of the world was filled with these runes, forming a Taiji Image with the yin and yang biting each other’s tail and slowly rotating.

As the black and white yin and yang rotated, a long golden bridge extended from it.

The long bridge crossed the sea of blood, suppressing the doomsday’s aura. The once turbulent tide was settled down.

The Supreme Elder Lord drove the green ox, set foot on the golden bridge, and treaded toward the pillar that symbolized the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil’s face was expressionless, and he reached out and drew a circle in the air.

A void suddenly appeared in the sea of blood, like a vast and boundless black hole and like a tiny point.

Under the indescribable distortion, the direction of the golden bridge at the Elder Lord’s feet became unpredictable. The Elder Lord seemed to be getting further away from Jian Shunhua.

The old man smiled and adjusted the crown on his head lightly.

A burst of Clear Qi rushed out, splitting into three and turning into three Daoists.

The young Daoist wore the Nine-Cloud Crown, a red and white silk robe, and rode his mount with a sword in his hand.

Then, it came the middle-aged Daoist, wearing a Ruyi Crown and pale yellow gossip Bagua Robe [1]. He came riding on a horse, holding Ruyi Lingzhi [2] in one hand.

Then, an old man with white hair and a face filled with vigor arrived. He wore the Nine-Firmament crown and the Eight Treasure Longevity Purple Robe, holding the Dragon Beard Fan in one hand and a Triratna Jade Sceptre in the other. His mount was the Ground Lion.

“Dao Brother, I’m here to help you!” The three Daoists said in unison and came to the Elder Lord.

For a moment, it was as if the four Dao Ancestors descended into the sea of blood, and the entire Twelve Devilish Gods Formation became unstable.

It was the Supreme Martial Art, One Qi Manifesting Three Clears. Grand Clear Lord of Dao and Virtue made his name in the past with this art!

The young Prime Clear Daoist took the sword, rushed into the sea of blood, and entered the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Incongruence Divine Mother and Cloudy Firmament Fairy paid respect to the young Daoist, “Senior-apprentice uncle!”

“I’ll stand in the formation for a while and help fellow Daoists,” said the Prime Clear Daoist. Of course, the Incongruence Divine Mother and Cloudy Firmament Fairy readily agreed.

The stronger the Nine Underworlds, the weaker the great thousand worlds.

However, as the great thousand worlds weakened and fell on the verge of perishing in the apocalypse, the Immortal Extermination Formation was correspondingly stronger!

Previously, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation had the upper hand, with the Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil handling it. Thus, the Immortal Extermination Formation was forced into a retreat.

At this moment, after the Prime Clear Daoist entered the Immortal Extermination Formation, it made a comeback immediately!

Although the power level had not changed, the formation became more intricate and ferocious.

Immediately after, the great formation combined with the power of the Prime Clear Daoist. They complimented each other, forming a compounding effect on their output.

The overwhelming amount of sword qi fell towards the sea of blood.

The two formations fought again. Although it was hard to settle the winner for a while, the birth of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil was interrupted again due to the Immortal Extermination Formation outside.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.