Chapter 1771: Primordial Heavenly Devil!

Chapter 1771: Primordial Heavenly Devil!

Daoism, demon races, and Buddhists put up serious expressions, staring at the bloody sea formation.

Brilliance shone brightly in the cracks.

The cracks were illusory and didn’t seem to exist within the Nine Underworlds.

It felt more like the Nine Underworlds, and the entire great thousand worlds cracked together.

Everyone knew what the sight before them meant.

Like the Three Clears’ Patriarchs, the Two Patriarchs of Buddhism, and the Ancient Three Sovereigns, the oldest devil’s Dao Ancestor, Origin Heavenly Devil, reappeared in this world!

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation erected firmly.

Coupled with Early Heaven Nascent Form and the Nine Underworlds on the verge of shattering, the doomsday was impending. The Doomsday Heavenly Devil would descend into this world completely.

Origin Heavenly Devil, which the Jade Clear Primordial Heavenly Lord suppressed and sealed in the early years, finally broke out of the seal at this special moment here and now!

The brilliance was fleeting. The phantom and the baby on the pillar integrated, experiencing growth and change. In the end, they reacquired the appearance of the Purple Tenuity Emperor.

However, those familiar with Purple Tenuity Emperor, such as Yang Jian, Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and Bhikkhu Xuan Du, felt a different aura leaking out from the emperor’s body.

The aura was much more majestic and robust than the Purple Tenuity Emperor.

The aura grew even more powerful than the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil next to the “new emperor”!

“Purple Tenuity Emperor” stood on the pillar, and his indifferent eyes glanced around.

His eyes traveled through space and surveyed the world; the gaze traveled through time and experienced the changes of the years.

Although he was standing at the bottom of the abyss and looking up at the sea of blood, he made everyone who met his eyes feel like he was looking down on all beings instead.

Its power and aura were neither vicious nor malign.

While this new being stood in the middle of the Nine Underworlds’ devils, he had the air of the creator and the master, imposing fear on the surrounding cultivators.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil sat on his pillar, with eight arms folded, two by two, standing before him, “Congratulations, fellow Dao Brother.”

[TN: Dao Brother (道兄) in this case doesn’t mean they’re from Daoism. It is to signify that the speaker and the receiver have tread the same martial art path.]

Headed by Origin Heart Devil, the Wood Devil, Water Devil, Fire Devil, and Earth Devil bowed and saluted, “Praise the Origin Heavenly Devil!”

The other Devil Lords of Nine Underworlds also bowed in the sea of blood, “Praise the Origin Heavenly Devil!”

The devils under Grand Heavenly Realm knelt in unison, “Praise the Origin Heavenly Devil!”

Previously, lower cultivation devils were lurking in the dark because Bhikkhu Xuan Du was refining the Nine Underworlds. However, they had all resurfaced and worshiped the “Purple Tenuity Emperor” in the abyss.

It was the scene of all devils paying respect to the Devil Ancestor!

The etiquette that had not been repeated since Origin Heavenly Devil was sealed, finally reappeared today.

Yan Zhaoge could feel that Nie Jingshen on his left was shaking.

The vast dark golden sword light shone on the surface of his body.

The baby within had the devilish pattern reappearing on the body surface again. Even after being washed away by the Chaos Extinguishing Scripture, it quickly reappeared and entangled the baby.

Behind Yan Zhaoge, Feng Yunsheng groaned, with her face growing paler.

“I shall define the Primordial.” The figure in the sea of blood declared calmly.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation became stronger at this moment, and the sea of blood surged upwards.

The Nine Underworlds regained stability and expanded outwards again, engulfing the vast void and reliving the scene of devouring the world.

What was even more shocking was that when the Primordial Heavenly Devil returned to the world, the Nine Underworlds grew stable. The illusory light and phantom above the pillar that symbolized the Doomsday Heavenly Devil became clearer and more real!

The primordial beginning had come, connecting the beginning and the end of the world. The erected Twelve Devilish Gods Formation stimulated the descent of doomsday upon the world.

The Nine Underworlds grew stronger and stronger, and the great thousand worlds withered further as time passed.

In this special circumstance, the Doomsday Heavenly Devil was about to usher the moment when he would truly spawn in the world!

The goods faltered, and the evils ran rampant. Everyone in Daoism had no choice but to back down.

Feng Yunsheng stood beside Yan Zhaoge, Nie Jingshen, and Yu Ye, leading the group for the retreat.

Her face was pale, and her mood was restless. She looked at Nie Jingshen, who experienced similar change because of the Nine Underworlds. She was in a trance with a strong urge to plunge into the sea of blood.

If she fell into the Nine Underworlds this time, she would never return.

Just thinking about it, Feng Yunsheng felt the black qi in the Nine Underworlds surrounding his group from all directions.

The black qi gradually turned into blood qi. It condensed and grew thicker as the blood sea gushed out.

Under the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, the Nine Underworlds began to turn into a sea of blood at this moment.

The terrifying sea of blood showed signs of engulfing the Daoism group.

The blood sea’s primary targets were Feng Yunsheng and Nie Jingshen.

“The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation is getting more completed, and its power is soaring. If the Twelve Devilish Gods return to their places, it will destroy the power of creation.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Mahamayuri, and others hastily retreated.

At this moment, they were helpless with the situation.

“Purple Tenuity perished, and his remains fell into the hands of the Nine Underworlds.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya looked at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, “Perhaps, the Nine Underworlds murdered him?”

“The Purple Tenuity Emperor perished because of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, but the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had other people to deal with, so he would not leave any corpse behind.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha replied, “The situation was chaotic during the Great Calamity. The Nine Underworlds took advantage of it in the end.”

The purple brilliance in the Buddha light behind the Ancient Buddha kept flickering, “The truth and the deceit intertwine. Nie Jingshen has attracted too much attention.”

Yang Jian’s group protected Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng and tried their best to disperse the surrounding blood qi.

“Uncle Xuandu, what’s the situation at Tushita Palace now?” Ne Zha asked in exasperation.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du didn’t care about Ne Zha’s tone and sighed, “When I left, the Elder Lord did not issue any decree.”

Ne Zha looked at the Primordial Heavenly Devil in the appearance of the Purple Tenuity Emperor in the sea of blood, “Are they not afraid to provoke Senior-uncle Elder Lord?”

Purple Tenuity Emperor’s origin was a student under the Tushita Palace. After he learned a great article called Great Numerous Heavens Orthodox Arts, he became a teacher and launched a new school of his own, emerging with his own path.

When it came to combat strength, the Purple Tenuity Emperor of that year was still above Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

The word “Heavy Reigning” was added to the front of the title, which meant the Lord of the stars. It was highly related to his foundation, the Great Numerous Heavens Orthodox Arts.

“So if it’s not the last resort, Nine Underworlds also wants to use Little Friend Nie’s body instead of Dao Brother Purple Tenuity, right?” said Taiyi Cultivated Deity.

Yan Zhaoge, who had not spoken for a long time, suddenly said, “If this is true, they may not be able to snatch the Purple Tenuity Emperor’s remains back then.”

Everyone looked at Yan Zhaoge with their eyes open.

“For the Nine Underworlds, the Purple Tenuity Emperor’s cadaver is their first choice.” Yan Zhaoge’s gaze was distant, “Senior Brother Nie is the last resort instead.”

He turned his head to look at Nie Jingshen, and a sentence from that year came to his mind.

“Everything will return to nothing, whether you, me, or her.” Yan Zhaoge looked at Nie Jingshen and whispered, “Brother Nie, where did you learn this sentence?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.