Chapter 1789: Breaking Apart The Old World To Create A New World

Chapter 1789: Breaking Apart The Old World To Create A New World

Looking at the somewhat unfamiliar figure, everyone present had a complicated expression and blurted out, “Great Sage Equalling Heavens!”

The monkey wearing the Daoist robe was the long-lost Great Sage Equalling Heavens Monkey King, Sun Wukong!

“It’s really him!” Everyone exclaimed in their hearts.

“The monkey can get rid of the Tathagata’s seal because of the Elder Lord’s help.” In the Middle era, before the Tathagata Buddha sealed the monkey, the Elder Lord had captured him and put him into the alchemy furnace, which might have laid a foreshadowing for the future.

The Supreme Elder Lord acted as he pleased randomly. He was not interested in laying out a grand plan on the chessboard, but he liked to disrupt someone else’s chessboard instead.

At this moment, he threw others’ chess boards into a disorder, making him the new leading chess player.

The monkey was born in the demon race, supported by Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

Although the Future Buddha Maitreya was from Buddhism, he adopted Buddhism heretics amidst the chaotic eras, disrupting the Central Blessed Lands of Saha’s lineage belonging to the Tathagata Buddha. Thus, the Great Sage Equalling Heavens had no hostility towards him.

The previous plans were kept secret, and the Maitreya Buddha might not have been clear about it.

But as the situation developed, the Eastern Sovereign hinted at Maitreya Buddha. Thus, he had a couple of deductions on the truth by himself.

So, he decisively pinned down the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

For the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus, having the Great Sage Equalling Heavens attaining the Dao Realm was much better than Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor gaining success.

“He was…” Yang Jian looked at the monkey in Daoist Robe. His heart moved slightly, and he turned to look at Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du looked at the monkey, his eyes flashing, and he had a mixed feeling in his heart.

“You’re not sure if he was at Tushita Palace before, right?” Yan Zhaoge chuckled.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du was silent. “It could be at Tushita Palace or elsewhere,” said Yan Zhaoge. “For example, after the Great Calamity, you never went back to Eight Landscapes Palace, did you?”

After the Three Clears Patriarch had transcended, Jade Illusory Palace, Eight Landscapes Palace, and Roving Jade Palace also quickly disappeared. In the end, the Supreme Elder Lord resided in Tushita Palace.

After the Great Calamity, the three palaces were completely lost.

Hints were only revealed when Bhikkhu Xuan Du asked the Elder Lord for directions about the Immortal Extermination Formation and passed on the information to Yang Jian. Then, Yang Jian went to Jade Illusory Palace in the disguise of the Earth Queen and took out the Jade Illusory Glazed Lamp.

As for the whereabouts of Eight Landscapes Palace, even Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Grand Clear Lineage had no clues about it. They had not visited that place for many years.

Listening to Yan Zhaoge mentioning it at this moment, Bhikkhu Xuan Du was silent.

“Not to mention His Majesty the Eastern Sovereign and Maitreya Buddha.” Yan Zhaoge said, “Even Amitabha and Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would choose Great Sage Equalling Heavens when existing choices are only both of you.”

“At least, they can try to see if the Great Sage Equalling Heavens will ascend to the Dao Realm and seek out the transcended Tathagata Buddha.” Yan Zhaoge said while shaking his head.

“After all, everything is as the Elder Lord expected. Our generation still can’t change this fate.” Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor looked at the monkey and then at Yan Zhaoge, “However, are we willing to let it be like this?”

Yan Zhaoge looked at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor quietly.

“You are resentful of Junior Brother Xuandu’s plot against Nie Jingshen and your wife. However, aren’t you fallen into the Supreme Elder Lord’s plot all along?” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor said solemnly, “Are you really fine with that?”

“The chess pieces are different from the stones thrown onto the chessboard, disrupting it.” Yan Zhaoge said calmly, “Of course, you can say I’m living in my deception. However, it is still too early to conclude the right and wrong and the success and failure.”

He pointed to the monkey walking into the Nine Underworlds and suddenly laughed, “However, I’d be more than happy to help out what’s happening now.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled so happily that most of the others did not understand. Only Feng Yunsheng looked at him with a smile and could understand his thinking.

Yan Zhaoge could work around many other things, but there were certain matters he would not be rational about.

He did not care, even if someone said he was a brainless fan.

There was no need to ponder so deeply about the karma laid within but to enjoy the moment!

“Not to mention, if I don’t help the Great Sage, am I going to help you two?” Yan Zhaoge sneered and looked at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was slightly silent. He took a deep look at Yan Zhaoge, “You’re right. Let’s see who will be winning in the future.”

Yan Zhaoge raised his eyebrows slightly and stared at the other party with a sneer.

“Little friend, we will meet again!” The monkey stepped into the Nine Underworlds at this time and came to Yan Zhaoge’s group. He chuckled, “This time, I shall have for your favor again. I’m grateful about it.”

“Should you be called the Great Sage or by another name?” Yan Zhaoge laughed when he saw the monkey.

The monkey laughed, “My name is Sun Wukong, whom the Tathagata granted the name. However, I am still myself. Why should I care about a mere title? It’s all about me. You don’t need to worry about those.”

“Great Sage is more open-minded than before, but I wonder if your eagerness for revenge is still there?” Yan Zhaoge laughed.

“I’m not open-minded, but these little things are not worth mentioning. My mind is on something bigger!” As the monkey spoke, his body began to grow bigger as if to break the Nine Underworlds.

“Little friend, do you still remember? I once said that I would also seek transcendence one day and seek out the Tathagata Buddha myself!” The upright, giant monkey shouted, “Today is the first step!”

As soon as he raised his hand, airflow condensed in the palm and instantly turned into a cudgel!

That cudgel was erected firmly. It seemed even more sturdy, domineering, and ferocious than the real Ru Yi Golden Cudgel!

Under the sea of blood, both the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil frowned.

“Fellow Dao Brother, I shall be in your favor again.” Primordial Heavenly Devil said to Amitabha.

As he spoke, he smashed the phantom symbolizing Doomsday Heavenly Devil on his own!

Jian Shunhua’s soul dissipated and shattered.

Primordial Heavenly Devil took the initiative to give up the opportunity for Doomsday Heavenly Devil to come into the world in this era.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, which was already weak and stagnant, could no longer support it and began dissipating completely.

Seeing this, Amitabha immediately stopped entangling the devils and flew out from the abyss deep sea.

However, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi blocked his path at the first moment.

The Supreme Elder Lord temporarily stopped the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil alone.

In the Nine Underworlds, the giant monkey waved his cudgel. As he spun it, the void in the devil domain was torn apart.

With a blow to the ground, the Nine Underworlds’ land was shattered.

As the giant monkey roared, the cudgel spun and swept in all directions.

The black qi disappeared, the blood current was separated, and the time and space collapsed in pieces, spreading outward like a rolling wave!

The place where Nine Underworlds met the boundless void of the outside world trembled.

Even the great thousand worlds and the human world was affected. The cosmic space undulated like a turbulent ocean wave.

The cudgel in the hands of Great Sage Equalling Heavens rotated like the Wheels of Wind and Fire, and the spin stopped abruptly.

The monkey held the cudgel in both hands and then slammed it down with a heavy blow!

The Nine Underworlds collapsed wildly towards a small point!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.