Chapter 1785: Overwhelming Everyone!

Chapter 1785: Overwhelming Everyone!

Vajrapramardi Buddha was defeated. Not to mention those in the Western Pure Lands, the Daoism powerhouses and the demon race Great Sages, who were still under the Central Sara Stupa, were shocked.

After all, Vajrapramardi Buddha was incomparable to Narayan Buddha, Red Inferno Dhvaja Potentate Buddha, and the rest. His combat strength was even higher than that of Victorious Fighting Buddha, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, and many other Buddhas.

In the past, among the thirty-five Buddhas in the central Blessed Lands of Saha, the Vajrapramardi Buddha was only ranked below the Tathagata Buddha.

In recent years, the Western Pure Lands had competed against the demon races at Astro Mountains Starry Sea, with Archaic Dipankara Buddha and Dao Monarch Lu Ya hiding behind the scenes most of the time. The main leaders of the battle were Vajrapramardi Buddha and Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles.

This Buddhist bigwig had become famous for more than one era. He had survived the Buddhism civil strife in the transition of the Middle Age and to the current age, experienced the Great Calamity, and survived the sieges of demon groups. However, he perished today.

The culprit was someone who recently ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm with the defeat that happened under three punches!

Other Buddhism Bhante wanted to rescue him.

But before they could help, Vajrapramardi Buddha, known for the best defense of the Golden Body, had perished in Yan Zhaoge’s hands!

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva summoned the Tridharma Golden Lotus at this moment and sent it over toward Yan Zhaoge’s head.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t even bat an eye. He just raised his palm and grabbed at the Tridharma Golden Lotus.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva’s Tridharma Golden Lotus was a treasure he had refined by combining Daoism Jade Clear Lineage and Buddhism’s orthodox Supreme Martial Art.

During the rotation of the golden lotus, the three mysteries of time, space, and yin and yang derived from the Daoism Jade Clear Lineage integrated with Buddhism’s concepts of samsara, nothingness, and impermanence. Thus, it held a profound intricacy.

However, time became still when Yan Zhaoge grabbed onto the golden lotus. Its space collapsed with the yin and yang disintegrated. The Buddhism concepts integrated within the golden lotus ceased to exist.

All kinds of concepts had disintegrated. Yan Zhaoge immediately grabbed the spinning golden lotus in his hand.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva was startled. He quickly sent out delicate white rays from his fingers. Soon, the light summoned an auspicious cloud at several feet of height. It was octagonal with a necklace made of golden lamps hanging on the horns.

The auspicious octagonal cloud on his head was a defense tool. At the same time, the Bodhisattva manifested his dharma image dedicated to combat. Its rose-tinted face was armed with a massive mouth and task, giving off a vicious air.

In an instant, the Bodhisattva had a cloud hung atop him, manifested the bright golden body, equipped with the necklace and had his lotus supporting an Iridescent Cloud.

The Bodhisattva manifested three heads and six arms, holding the Demon Subduing Vajra in his hand to confront Yan Zhaoge.

However, Yan Zhaoge locked the Tridharma Golden Lotus with one hand and reached out another with a vortex that appeared in the palm of his hand and kept spinning rigorously.

Unbelievable suction force came from it, directly sucking the auspicious octagonal cloud that protected Samantabhadra Bodhisattva atop his head.

The auspicious octagonal cloud turned into smoke and disappeared into the vortex of Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

Yan Zhaoge’s palm reached forward, accurately grasping the Demon Subduing Vajra in Samantabhadra Bodhisattva’s hand.

Bodhisattva’s art was wise, reserved, and violent in fighting the opponent.

The huge Demon Subduing Vajra was fierce and indestructible. It was supposedly agile and untraceable.

Yan Zhaoge grabbed onto the Demon Subduing Vajra firmly.

Then, he exerted force and sent a shockwave through his grasp. Samantabhadra Bodhisattva was thrown away as he lost his grip on the Demon Subduing Vajra, allowing Yan Zhaoge to seize the vajra.

“In consideration of the connection in the past, I spare you both. Retreat immediately, and don’t ruin your future.” Yan Zhaoge sent Samantabhadra Bodhisattva away. He took over Demon Subduing Vajra and Tridharma Golden Lotus and then reached out and grabbed toward Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva had a perfect and pure Buddha light at the back of her head, illuminating the world widely, isolating herself from the Nine Underworlds as if she were not in this world.

Yan Zhaoge’s palms were all over the place. He even missed the first shot, failing to get into contact with the opponent.

Since the Middle Ages of Journey to the West, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva had rarely made a move.

However, her strength was much superior to Samantabhadra Bodhisattva.

Still, Yan Zhaoge kept his onslaught and advanced again.

This time, his palm lit up as if engraved with countless talisman inscriptions.

The shimmering palm seemed to have reached into the water, sending off circles of ripples.

Then, Yan Zhaoge grabbed the Jade Bottle in the hands of Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva!

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva sighed helplessly and had to let go.

Yan Zhaoge grabbed onto the bottle and shook his arm.

The spread of the water wave suddenly became intense. The Buddha light behind Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’s head trembled. She groaned and retreated immediately.

Yan Zhaoge kept walking and advancing.

At this time, his feet felt a little heavy.

“Jizo Bodhisattva, what a good trick.” Yan Zhaoge knew what was going on without looking down.

Jizo Bodhisattva opened the gate of hell again and summoned the samsara.

The creation of the heavens and the earth, the reincarnation of the six paths, and the mighty power in the world was nothing more than this.

Six Sword Buddha Qu Su had amazing talent, being the champion Buddha heretics in history. Even if there were other latecomers, they could at most reach the same cultivation as him and could not surpass him.

The strength of Qu Su lay in the ability to summon the samsara with the sword and subdue the enemy with the help of the incredible power of the six paths of reincarnations in the world.

However, there was someone in Buddhism before him who was good at this and stronger than him.

That person was Jizo Bodhisattva!

He pulled up the thread involving Yan Zhaoge’s karma, trying to drive Yan Zhaoge into the six realms of reincarnation.

If successful, the Six Paths of Reincarnation would be a formidable enemy that Yan Zhaoge had to face.

If Jizo Bodhisattva managed to do so, he would be in an advantageous spot.

Only the Dao Realm bigwigs could withstand the terrifying pressure of the endless reincarnation.

However, there was one exception in front of him at this moment!

Yan Zhaoge stood atop the hell with black qi surrounding him. The black qis vaguely resembled chains.

This time, Yan Zhaoge did not exert the same art like how he exhausted the black qis when he fought against Qu Su at the Grand Virtual Realm.

He did not dodge nor evade. Instead, he stood atop the reincarnation.

The surging black qi of karma tried to drag Yan Zhaoge into reincarnation, but Yan Zhaoge was unchallenged. So he continued to advance as he pleased!

He walked to Jizo Bodhisattva, raised his palm, and slapped it down towards Jizo Bodhisattva.

“Hell is not empty yet. Therefore, Bodhisattva should keep it safe and stop meddling in other matters.”

Jizo Bodhisattva’s Golden Body was pure. He raised his palm to resist with the spinning “卍” character at the center of his palm, utilizing the power of life and death.

However, against Yan Zhaoge’s slap, Jizo Bodhisattva’s footing became unsteady. Then, he was sent downward to the six paths of reincarnation down below.

As Jizo Bodhisattva fell, the hellish scene disappeared, and the gate of reincarnation closed.

The chains of black qi on Yan Zhaoge shattered and disappeared.

Under the shocked gazes of others, Yan Zhaoge swept through the Western Pure Lands Buddhas all the way!

In the eyes of everyone, he did not seem to have performed any world-shocking Supreme Martial Arts.

However, there seemed to be robust power in every of his moves. All the Buddhas could not contend against it.

Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva made a move next. The immeasurable light circulated and transformed into boundless white flames, purifying everything in the world.

Yan Zhaoge faced his hands forward, straightened his arms, and pushed out from the center to both sides!

The sea of white light and flame was torn apart instantly!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.