Chapter 1783: Attaining Grand Heavenly Realm!

Chapter 1783: Attaining Grand Heavenly Realm!

The dark golden sword-light on Nie Jingshen’s body faded as if being purified by an invisible existence.

“Zhaoge has been preparing for this moment.” Seeing this, Yang Jian sighed in his heart.

There was a saying that the devil illuminates all sentient beings. Therefore, those who obtained the Spirit Divinity Overflowing Lid and became a devil could hardly return after taking that path.

Only Nie Jingshen was in a unique situation. He was born with Earlier Heaven Physique. At the same time, the Devil of Aged Metal, one of the six Extinct Devils, was born in the same heaven and co-existed with the world’s creation.

Therefore, he used Nie Jingshen as his body. Although he succeeded, he left a flaw in the end.

However, it was difficult for others to abuse, so it was not a problem.

Unfortunately, the devil encountered someone who could make use of that opening today!

Yan Zhaoge gave the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos to Nie Jingshen, echoing his phenomenon of chaos from the inside.

Then, he overcame the Origin Heavenly Tribulation by himself. At the moment when he attained the Grand Heavenly Realm, the great dao of heaven and earth would resonate and purify Nie Jingshen.

As the most potent Grand Virtual Immortal of all time, Yan Zhaoge brought an unparalleled opportunity, and he grasped this unique opportunity for his objective.

Once he missed this opportunity, he would not be able to replicate it even at Grand Heavenly Realm.

On the other side, Yu Ye’s figure also blurred, exuding brutal air. She was like a miniature humanoid Immortal Extermination Formation.

Yan Zhaoge breathed out one after another of Clear Qi, which enshrouded his body.

The Spirit Yin Centre on his head opened, in which he sent his spirit out. His spirit was divided into three and then integrated as one, imbuing a mystical air to it.

“Jade Clear, Prime Clear, and Grand Clear. One prana prevails, and the three venerable flow along with the world. The light is silent, and the four seasons ensue without a word. Peerlessness manifests in three realms. Three Treasures, Three Realms, Three Clears Heavenly Lord in the golden palace above the Grand Heavenly Realm.”

The chanting of the Three Clears Compendium sounded, and the melody of great dao shook the world. The chanting echoed the Nine Underworlds and the outer universe.

Yan Zhaoge exuded glaring brilliance like a burning flame.

That was the sign of Origin Heavenly Tribulation!

An incredibly violent Origin Heavenly Tribulation!

All the elites present had never seen a tribulation at this caliber!

Everyone felt if they were in Yan Zhaoge’s shoes, they would perish before ascending from Grand Virtual Realm to Grand Heavenly Realm in such a mighty Origin Heavenly Tribulation.

The glaring flames flickered on Yan Zhaoge momentarily.

Three Clear Qi surrounded Yan Zhaoge, making him seem out of this world and independent on his own.

Outside of Splendor of Soul and Splendor of Qi above his head, a third brilliance condensed!

Three Flowers Converged Crown and Five Qis Unification!

It was the Grand Heavenly Physique with the properties of being immortal and ubiquitous.

Grand Heavenly Realm attainment!

Under the grand and boundless song of dao, Yan Zhaoge’s figure disappeared into Clear Qi.

The three Clear Qi condensed, merged into one Qi, and displayed peerlessness.

Peerless in the concept of word creation, the first emergence of the primordial gulf, and the establishment of the heavens and earth.

Thus, making out the shape of yin and yang, six realms of reincarnation, the birth of all beings, and the vicissitudes of the prehistoric era.

Time was long. Changes in eras marked the world’s changes until doomsday when everything declined.

In the end, everything returned to nothing. There was no before and after, no beginning and end, no sooner or later, no karma, and no reality.

Amidst the emptiness, another creation was established, and then the subsequent emptiness. The circle was endless, marking the eternal way of this world.

Amitabha’s expression remained unchanged under the bloody sea of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, and he sighed softly.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil also blinked slightly.

The Supreme Elder Lord and the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi were unfazed, ignoring everything that happened outside the sea of blood.

But their existence did not change the situation in the sea of blood.

The world inside and outside the sea of blood seemed unrelated at this time.

Yan Zhaoge’s original figure gradually re-condensed and manifested.

Everyone gazed over, only to realize that Yan Zhaoge looked the same as before. The only exception was a round and complete dazzle.

The dazzle had fluctuating brightness, sometimes clear and sometimes turbid too. It seemingly existed before the primordial gulf, and its manifestation seemed to have undergone the vicissitude of time. Upon a closer look, it also represented the end of creation when everything reverted to nothingness.

The dazzle seemed to be static without the flow of time. No time had passed, and the concept of past, present, and future could not be found.

At the same time, the dazzle had ultimately presented the process of word creation to doomsday and then to developing a new creation.

The contradictory feelings were perfectly unified and presented to the same person.

“Congratulations to fellow Daoist for entering the Grand Heavenly Realm, being immortal and ubiquitous.” Suo Mingzhang first smiled and said.

Almost at the same time as him, Yang Jian also smiled and said, “Congratulations to fellow Daoist for entering the Grand Heavenly Realm, being immortal and ubiquitous.”

Ne Zha looked at Yan Zhaoge in a daze, seemingly unable to recollect his thoughts.

Soon, he recovered, and he couldn’t help but laugh aloud, “Congratulations to fellow Daoist!”

Taiyi Cultivated Deity and the North Star Emperor also laughed at this time, “Congratulations to fellow Daoist for entering the realm of Grand Heavenly Immortal, immortal and ubiquitous.”

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Bhikkhu Xuan Du also showed expressions of admiration, “Congratulations to Fellow Daoist Yan.”

Everyone under the Central Sara Stupa, including Dao Monarch Lu Ya, Yuan Hong, Bull Demon King, and other Great Demons, bowed to Yan Zhaoge after a brief silence.

“Congratulations to the Young Heavenly Lord on your attainment in the Grand Heavenly Realm.” Only Mahamayuri looked at Yan Zhaoge without speaking up.

The other person who didn’t speak was naturally Feng Yunsheng.

She sat quietly and looked at Yan Zhaoge with a smile. Her eyes were full of joy, and she was enchanted for a while.

Beyond the Central Sara Stupa’s coverage area, the Western Pure Lands Buddhas were dead silent.

They watched Yan Zhaoge reappear from nothingness, attaining Three Flowers Converged Crown and Five Qis Unification. All of them were rendered speechless for a while.

The billowing Clear Qi spread out below Central Sara Stupa toward the vast sky.

Mysterious and incomprehensible syllables with profound meaning kept ringing, echoing throughout the great thousand worlds.

Even the Daoism’s universe, Western Pure Lands, and Astro Mountains Starry Sea resounded the melody of great dao at this moment.

In Western Pure Lands, Fighting Victory Buddha’s line of sight seemed to travel through time and space, looking towards Nine Underworlds.

In the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, the Grand Saint of Nine Spirits sighed in unison after the initial dismay. They bowed their hands in the direction of the Nine Underworlds, “Congratulations to the Young Heavenly Lord for attaining the Grand Heavenly realm, being immortal and ubiquitous.”

The mysterious melody of great dao also spread to Immortal Court and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus.

However, with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Future Buddha present, the two heretics did not hear them.

The jade door and white lotus above the void also showed signs of attacking when Yan Zhaoge challenged the Origin Heavenly Tribulation.

However, the two heretical ancestors were wary of each other. The Immortal Extermination Formation was hidden, peeping at the side. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha did not make a move at all.

Before the Central Sara Stupa appeared, Immortal Extermination Formation did not dare to act rashly, but now the situation had reversed.

In the Nine Underworlds, everyone could only watch Yan Zhaoge break through the Origin Heavenly Tribulation and attain the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Then, he slowly walked outside the coverage of Central Sara Stupa!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.