Chapter 1782: Not Primordial But Three Clears

Chapter 1782: Not Primordial But Three Clears

Western Pure Lands Buddhism Bhante, such as Archaic Dipankara Buddha, laid their eyes on Yan Zhaoge at this moment.

“At this moment, we are under the Buddhist stupa. Although the Buddhist stupa suppresses us, you don’t seem to be able to hurt us?” Yan Zhaoge’s tone was still unhurried.

He turned his head to look at Feng Yunsheng, “My wife is in poor health because of the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, and it is difficult to improve the current situation.”

“Brother Yang, Suo Mingzhang, Mahamayuri, and Dao Monarch Lu Ya are fighting with all their strength. Any changes will only weaken them and not strengthen them further.” Yan Zhaoge looked around and finally retracted his gaze. He threw his gaze back at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

“But here, there are people who are different from them.” Yan Zhaoge’s hands connected Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye on both sides. The Splendor of Soul and Splendor of Qi appeared on the top of his head, with two flowers gathered on the top.

At the same time, a phenomenon of chaos loomed in his eyes.

Above his head, an indistinct auspicious cloud gradually appeared.

The auspicious cloud was blurry, like a mass of chaos. Its outline was indistinct, and it seemed small but vast and boundless at the same time.

Under Yan Zhaoge’s martial art, the auspicious cloud on his head began to minimize towards the center, gradually turning into a Daoist figure.

The Daoist figure was looming, reflecting illusory properties.

The surrounding clouds and qi started flowing from their stagnant state, vaguely forming a carriage. Fragrant clouds were hanging on the Daoist’s neckline.

The Daoist sat on the carriage, and an auspicious cloud appeared above his head. There was a golden lamp in the center of the cloud.

As the lights flickered, the surrounding chaotic airflow went tumbling.

Yan Zhaoge raised his head and blew lightly at the man and the golden lantern of the auspicious cloud.

The Daoist figure collapsed again, and the auspicious cloud of the golden lamp also converged towards the center.

All the phenomena disappeared, except for one thing that was difficult to describe, difficult to name, and difficult to fathom.

The past, future, yin and yang, hot and cold, fast and slow, up and down, front and back ceased to exist. Only one point remained, as if the concept reflected the beginning and end.

All things could begin with the concept, and all things could end with the concept.

Those present at the spot were all elites.

There were thousands of grand dao, but everything ultimately had the same goal.

Although everyone had never seen the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, they could vaguely see the truth in it after seeing the changes in the phantom above Yan Zhaoge’s head and feeling the demonstration of his martial arts will.

Manifesting the phenomenon of chaos was the scene of a person learning Peerless Heavenly Scripture for the first time.

The illusory Daoist sitting in the chaos was the image when the Jade Clear Dao Ancestor Primordial Heavenly Lord appeared before the public’s eye.

He had cultivated peerlessness and primordial origin, and the rumors came from this.

Later, the golden light of the auspicious cloud and the agarwood carriage appeared. The projected image of the Primordial Heavenly Lord grew more defined and noble.

However, this was not the real appearance of the Primordial Heavenly Lord, but the incarnation of the Primordial Heavenly Lord in the eyes of others.

As the attainment of Peerless Heavenly Scripture soared and ascended to the stage of returning to nothingness, the Primordial Heavenly Lord’s original face would be revealed.

The Jade Clear Dao Ancestor symbolized the creation of all things from nothing and was indescribable and incomprehensible.

Yan Zhaoge’s deduction of the scripture was at the final stage.

Once the auspicious cloud truly disappeared and could not be perceived by the others, Yan Zhaoge would have complete attainment on the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Once Yan Zhaoge cultivated the Peerless Heavenly Scripture to the said stage, integrating it with the latter nine scriptures and complete Primordial Heavenly Scriptures, he could follow the path of the Primordial Heavenly Lord and attain the Dao Realm, as if the Primordial Heavenly Lord reincarnated into the world.

The outsiders could not comprehend and fathom it, but it did not mean it disappeared. However, he was in the mysterious realm of neither birth nor death, neither existence nor non-existence.

At this moment, mystical images flashed atop Yan Zhaoge’s head, indicating that he was only one step away from completing the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

“This should be the scene after cultivating Peerless Heavenly Scripture and reaching the Grand Heavenly Immortal realm.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s eyes were complicated, “Cultivating Three Clears can reach such a spectacular level.”

“Displaying the Peerless Heavenly Scripture in such high attainments, the scripture should be completed! Did he really deduce it himself through the reverse approach?” Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva thought a lot.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity frowned, “Is he planning to utilize the current event in overcoming the Origin Heavenly Tribulation? Primordial is the highest Dao. If he attains Grand Heavenly Realm via Peerless Heavenly Scripture, it will be difficult to alter his path in the future.”

Sure enough, the path was easily blocked by the several Dao Ancestors, making practitioners stuck at the Grand Heavenly Realm with no hope for ascendancy.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity was optimistic about Yan Zhaoge, who was outstanding among the junior generation.

The Dao Realm was complex, but people like Yan Zhaoge should not stop at the Grand Heavenly Realm!

“If you don’t use the Peerless Heavenly Scripture to attain Dao Realm, will you be able to walk your martial path as a Three Clears Cultivator?” Taiyi Cultivated Deity was occupied in thoughts. He turned his gaze to Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye, who were sitting side by side with Yan Zhaoge.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha and others were also watching Yan Zhaoge.

However, although the Central Sara Stupa would suppress them, it prevented them from reaching Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and the rest.

At this moment, the Buddhas of the Western Pure Lands could only stare at Yan Zhaoge with bated breath.

Yan Zhaoge and the rest could only watch the Archaic Dipankara Buddha refining the spirit patterns of the sea of blood.

The table had turned. Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s group stood still and watched Yan Zhaoge progressing at ease.

The indescribable concept above Yan Zhaoge’s head spread out and unfolded at this time, turning into a dim and indistinct auspicious cloud of golden lights.

“Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos!” Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, and others had mixed feelings.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked down at the sea of blood below.

Although the sea of blood continued to weaken, it had not completely dried up.

He had everything ready and was only short of the last step.

However, he could not maintain the previous calm state of mind. Instead, he was anxious and restless. He only hoped that the three Dao Ancestors, Amitabhazu, Supreme Elder Lord, and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi in the formation could be faster!

Yan Zhaoge raised his head, looked at the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos above his head, and smiled slightly, “We shall see the Three Clears today but not the primordial.”

He took a breath, and the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos flew above his head to the left and landed on the crystal containing Nie Jingshen.

The crystal quickly disappeared, dissolved by the auspicious cloud.

Nie Jingshen’s body trembled slightly as if he was about to rejoin the blood formation.

But after being enshrouded in the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos, his figure grew stable again, sitting cross-legged.

The dark gold sword-light on Nie Jingshen’s body decreased, manifesting the baby appearance of Early Heaven Nascent Form. The phenomenon of chaos around him became more intense, echoing with the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos above his head.

He opened the Spirit Yin Centre, releasing a ray of brilliance, and the golden light of the auspicious cloud slowly descended.

The more chaotic the phenomenon of the peerless became, the dimmer the dark gold sword-light.

“The devils are unmatched against Grand Heavenly Realm attainment.” Yan Zhaoge’s voice was grand and ethereal, “So, Devil of Aged Metal, get out of here.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.