Chapter 1784: Peerless! Invincible!

Chapter 1784: Peerless! Invincible!

The graceful Central Sara Stupa had four golden Buddhas sitting at the four corners.

Under the strong suppression, Mahamayuri, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, and the rest could hardly move, let alone leave the coverage area of the Buddhist stupa’s pressure.

Sure enough, Mahamayuri, Yang Jian, and Dao Monarch Lu Ya manifested Buddhism’s Golden Body, yet they still could not escape.

However, although the Buddhist stupa possessed remarkable capabilities, its situation was intricate.

It could only suppress the opponent but not hurt them.

This resulted in the magnitude of pressure that Buddhist stupa exerted on the people present being different. Basically, the oppression stuck at everyone’s upper limit.

After activation, it was impossible to alter its output.

In the duration where the Buddhist stupa operated, even if it were attacked from the outside, its suppressive power would not diminish.

But conversely, there was no way to enhance or adjust the pressure’s magnitude.

In the previous battle, everyone fought intensely with all they had. Once the Buddhist stupa was launched, everyone was right at the moment of exerting their maximum power.

However, Yan Zhaoge broke through the Origin Heavenly Tribulation and ascended to the Grand Heavenly Realm. Thus, the Central Sara Stupa could no longer suppress him.

After attaining the Three Flowers Converged Crown, Yan Zhaoge acquired the Grand Heavenly Realm with his strength more superb than his past self!

Central Sara Stupa’s pressure on him became insignificant.

A dazzling ring was behind Yan Zhaoge, illuminating the Nine Underworlds. He strode from under the Buddhist stupa toward the Archaic Dipankara Buddha and the Western Pure Lands Buddhas!

“Everything in the world does not always come with our expectations.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha sighed with a look of exhaustion in his eyes.

He looked down at the sea of blood below.

The blood light had almost dried up. The brilliance of the spirit patterns of the formation dimmed.

On the contrary, Archaic Dipankara Buddha had millions of brightly lit “卍” characters containing the spirit patterns of the formation.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha had waited for many years and gave it a couple of planning. The goal was right in front of him.

The final moment was approaching. Archaic Dipankara Buddha would take that final step to attain Dao Realm in just a moment.

“Dipankara, you won’t emerge victorious in the game today.” Yan Zhaoge walked closer and looked at the ancient Buddha.

“The Elder Lord has passed on the Peerless Heavenly Scripture to you, but you have ventured another path! Fate does strike me in surprise!” Archaic Dipankara Buddha said, but everyone else looked at him, “Unfortunately, it’s too late. Otherwise, I could work out a solution for it.”

“The matter has come to this point. There is no need to buy time by speaking nonsense. It’s useless.” Yan Zhaoge kept walking.

Vajrapramardi Buddha, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and many other Buddhist Bhantes put on a solemn expression.

Although they couldn’t grasp the extent of Yan Zhaoge’s current strength, they could feel the immense pressure faintly.

The pressure was like tides, striking their hearts and minds.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha was only a moment away from success. The Buddhas of Western Pure Lands have no choice but to come forward and stop Yan Zhaoge, trying to fight for the chance for Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

Yan Zhaoge’s face was half-smiling, looking at all the Buddhas in the Blessed Lands in front of him. His expression did not change even when he was surrounded. His pace sped up as he broke through the Budda group.

Vajrapramardi Budd stepped forward to confront Yan Zhaoge in resolution.

The glorious golden light continued to condense. The more concentrated it was, the more translucent it would be.

The Vajra Buddha Kingdom descended into the Nine Underworlds. It was as bright as a diamond, with endless brilliance, illuminating the boundless void.

All existences in the Buddha’s land were shrouded in clear and translucent brilliance, firmly reinforcing the time and space here, no matter if its property was illusory or tangible.

It could overcome the impermanence of life and death, aging, sickness, and death, putting those concepts into bubbles. There was no fear, no greed, but eternal freedom; thus granting an indestructible body.

Countless Buddhist doctrines and Buddhist scriptures sounded at this moment. Vajrapramardi Buddha was seated on a lotus with golden lamps and sarira above his head.

Yan Zhaoge kept walking. He raised a hand and clenched his fingers into a fist.

Then, he did not commit any additional movement.

He just raised his hand and punched straight at the Vajra Buddha Kingdom in front of him!

“

Crack!

” A crisp crack resounded from the diamond-like Buddha Kingdom, like broken porcelain.

Its seemingly indestructible property did not stop the Buddha Kingdom from being smashed head-on under Yan Zhaoge’s punch!

Time and space retained their solid form. However, they were like pieces of porcelain fragments, rustling and falling off.

Yan Zhaoge continued forward, appeared directly in front of Vajrapramardi Buddha, and delivered a second punch.

Vajrapramardi Buddha clenched his fist and punched forward, meeting Yan Zhaoge’s fist.

The two fists collided, and the surrounding Devil Domain suddenly shook.

Vajrapramardi Buddha shook his body, and the hand he confronted Yan Zhaoge immediately shattered like the previous Vajra Buddha Kingdom!

The fissure ran down Vajrapramardi Buddha’s arm and quickly spread to the rest of his body.

Seeing this, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was alerted. She hurriedly held up her bottle, tilted her mouth, and sent out blessing rain.

On the one hand, it fell on the body of Vajrapramardi Buddha, nourishing his Golden Body and helping him recover from his injury.

On the one hand, the rain surrounded and entangled Yan Zhaoge, lowering the strength of his attack.

In one move, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva had both attacked the enemy and saved her comrade. She displayed Bodhisattva’s merciful nature and Devarajas’ Wraith altogether.

Yan Zhaoge didn’t care. He opened his mouth and blew.

Yan Zhaoge shot out a line of white qi with his mouth. It instantly turned into a mighty and long river when it reached the air.

The white air was everywhere. It blew away the rain that Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was famous for.

“Even Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Suo Mingzhang, Feng Yunsheng showed gradual improvement as a clear-cut display of progress.” The Buddhists were filled with bitterness in their hearts, “He just attained the Grand Heavenly Realm, and he is already so formidable?!”

Although his fellow clan members helped him, the enemy in front of him was strong. However, Vajrapramardi Buddha did not retreat in the end.

The Buddha continued to chant Buddhism’s doctrine. Then, the golden lamp above his head overturned, and his sarira fell.

He ignored his badly injured left arm and did not try to strengthen himself to fight against Yan Zhaoge’s power.

Instead, he raised his right hand, concentrated all his strength, and pushed his sarira to retaliate against Yan Zhaoge.

The Buddha, known for his defense, had concentrated his entire cultivation on this hit!

Yan Zhaoge nodded in approval, but he didn’t try to block it.

His fist that shattered Vajrapramardi Buddha’s left arm was thrown forward for the third time!

Under the bombardment of violent power, Vajrapramardi Buddha’s body accelerated and shattered!

Before Vajrapramardi Buddha’s right punch hit him, Yan Zhaoge had already smashed Vajrapramardi Buddha’s body to pieces!

The Buddha shattered into golden dust.

Vajrapramardi Buddha, known for the best Golden Body defense among Buddhism Bhante, was beaten to death under three punches from Yan Zhaoge!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.