Chapter 1788: The True Candidate

Chapter 1788: The True Candidate

The Daoism crowd looked at each other in dismay.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya, who had plans for the Nine Underworlds game, recruited Mahamayuri through Sakyamuni Sarira and suppressed the Buddhists Bhantes.

Then, there were Daoism powerhouses hindering them. Later, it was the Central Sara Stupa suppressing all factions.

Even if Central Sara Stupa disappeared, it would be difficult for the combatant present to compete with Daoism’s Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, and others.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya was most likely to be out of the competition first.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha seemed to be at a disadvantage earlier. However, after waiting for the right opportunity, he utilized vajra and Sakyamuni Sarira as a counterplan against Mahamayuri and turned the defeat into victory. Seeing that Central Sara Stupa suppressed the rest of the factions, he was one step away from success.

However, Yan Zhaoge attained the Grand Heavenly Realm and defeated the Western Pure Lands’ Buddha.

Amitabha was in the Nine Underworlds formation, and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was held back by the Future Buddha and Immortal Extermination Formation.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha also watched his hopes vanish.

At this moment, Daoism had an absolute advantage to change the outcome of the Nine Underworlds game.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du had always been Daoism’s contender for the opportunity.

However, the strange emergence of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor stirred things up.

However, the two had a sour relationship with Yan Zhaoge, who was the key person at the moment.

Among the rest of Daoism, Yang Jian gradually comprehended his martial art path further. However, his opportunity to attain the Dao Realm was not in the Nine Underworlds game.

Even if he were well prepared, he would not be challenging for the ascension today.

Suo Mingzhang had his martial art dao in the Heaven Severing Technique, and his art was increasingly sophisticated and mysterious. Still, there was a long way to go before he could go for Dao Realm.

Feng Yunsheng, who founded Encompassing Abyssal Absolute Annihilation, was in a similar situation to Suo Mingzhang.

Even if she wanted to pursue the Dao Realm, she would have to wait until the Nine Underworlds game had ended. Otherwise, she would add more trouble and help Doomsday Heavenly Devil and Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Yan Zhaoge’s cultivation was unparalleled, which shocked the world. However, as Archaic Dipankara Buddha said, he had just entered the Grand Heavenly Realm. Moreover, he was a unique Three Clears Cultivator, which required him to stabilize and nurture his foundation.

Others, such as Yan Di, who was not here, had not yet achieved the Grand Heavenly Realm.

Even if he attained the Grand Heavenly Realm, it would take a long time to perfect the Creation Sabre, just like the situation with Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, and Feng Yunsheng.

Daoism Grand Heavenly Immortal, such as Taiyi Cultivated Deity, North Star Emperor, Incongruence Divine Mother, Cloudy Firmament Fairy, Ne Zha, and others, were not ready yet. They did not have the adequate qualities to challenge the final step in Grand Heavenly Realm.

Ultimately, it appeared that the only candidates left were Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

If there were no other choices, Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Incongruence Divine Mother, and Cloudy Firmament Fairy in charge of the Immortal Extermination Formation would try to mediate the situation between Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor with Yan Zhaoge.

Even the North Star Emperor, who had a bad relationship with the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor for many years, would persuade Yan Zhaoge to focus on the bigger picture and collective good.

The Supreme Elder Lord was unpredictable. Also, the Immortal Extermination Formation had inherent drawbacks.

Orthodox Daoism desperately needed a Dao Realm bigwig.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity first persuaded and tried to reconcile the relationship.

But at this moment, everyone couldn’t help but be startled after listening to Yan Zhaoge’s words.

Purple lights flickered in the Buddha light behind the Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s head.

In the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s eyes, green brilliance flashed.

The third vertical eye between Yang Jian’s eyebrows opened with shimmers within.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du looked down at the sea of blood. The Elder Lord’s expression gradually became complicated.

The others had thoughtful looks on their faces.

Taiyi Cultivated Deity also stopped mediating the situation, and his eyes glanced at the several Dao Ancestors.

Gradually, a look of astonishment appeared on everyone’s face.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya looked at Yan Zhaoge, “Could it be that…”

“Monarch, you’re right.” Yan Zhaoge said lightly, “Between the Eastern Sovereign and Amitabha, the beneficiary of the Elder Lord’s action this time is the Eastern Sovereign.”

He resolved the predicament of the Amitabha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord besieging Maitreya Buddha without indulging in the Nine Underworlds’ matter.

“So, you are not the Eastern Sovereign’s choice.” Yan Zhaoge said indifferently, “The candidate chosen by the Eastern Sovereign needs to win the support of the Supreme Elder Lord and Brother Lu Ya. You do not meet this condition.”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya did not feel angry or resentful but just gave a long sigh in exhaustion.

Yan Zhaoge continued to turn his head to look at Bhikkhu Xuan Du calmly, “Conversely, the Elder Lord has never chosen you.”

It was not a simple indifferent attitude.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du had always been using the Elder Lord’s name to earn himself benefits. The Elder Lord seemed to turn a blind eye to it and acquiesced it. However, once the Elder Lord participated, the situation changed.

“In the end…” Bhikkhu Xuan Du also sighed.

“As for you…” Yan Zhaoge looked at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, “You’re out of the picture.”

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s eyes were fixed on Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge looked at him calmly, “I’m not sure how much you have guessed about the Supreme Elder Lord’s intention, making you want to ride along with the Supreme Elder Lord’s ship. However, it’s all wishful thinking.”

“Where is he?” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor asked slowly.

“For now, he should be in the Western Pure Lands,” said Yan Zhaoge lightly.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked beyond the Nine Underworlds with his vision extending through the cosmic space.

At this moment, a stream of light darted into the Western Pure Lands, breaking through the blossoming green lotus!

Without Amitabha, this place would not be as pure and happy as it used to be.

That light passed through the blossoming green lotus and entered the Land of Buddhism. It went directly to the Victorious Fighting Buddha.

The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord wanted to make a move, but the Future Buddha and Immortal Extermination Formation kept him at bay.

The streamer flickered a few times. Then, the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s Buddhist kingdom was shattered!

Under the sea of blood of the Nine Underworlds, the treasured dhvaja on the head of Amitabha lit up like a golden lamp.

The golden lamp was guided from afar, traversing numerous voids as if to pick up and rescue Victorious Fighting Buddha’s life.

The Supreme Elder Lord temporarily hindered the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, and the ancient bronze bell was ringing above Eastern Sovereign Taiyi’s head.

The bell rang, and the golden lamp on the top of the treasured dhvaja on Amitabha’s head flashed instantly.

As this light dimmed, the Victorious Fighting Buddha, who was supposed to be brought over, stayed outside the Nine Underworlds.

Yan Zhaoge and others looked around and saw a Golden Body Buddha with 24 heads and 18 arms sitting on a golden cloud with fish scales, a green lotus seat, and a golden lamp sarira.

When the streamer flashed, the green lotus pedestal shattered. The golden lamp went out, and the sarira fell.

The golden Buddha suddenly burst out into a light curtain. The glimmers rained in the vast universe, spreading in all directions.

Soon, the radiance faded, and the Buddha was gone. Only a dim sarira remained.

A fluffy paw grabbed onto that sarira.

The owner of the paw was wearing a Daoist robe. He had a sharp nose, monkey cheeks, and a furry face.

It was just that the seemingly comical monkey had a heavenly-shocking momentum in that thin body.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.