Chapter 1787: The Final Winner

Chapter 1787: The Final Winner

Yan Zhaoge stood in the sky above the sea of blood with his hands behind his back, and his attitude was leisurely.

He dispelled the Buddhist runes on the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation’s spirit patterns below, cutting off Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s hope of refining the sea of blood in illuminating the devils.

The Buddhas of the Western Pure Lands could not stand his overwhelming assault and retreated one after another.

Those who dared not to retreat would immediately follow in the footsteps of Vajrapramardi Buddha, Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, and all the Buddhas that had perished.

Under the sea of blood, the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil were all looking at Amitabha in the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation.

Ancestor Amitabha’s complexion was calmed as peaceful water, like an ancient well without ripples.

The Supreme Elder Lord and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi held a calm demeanor at the side.

The Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower above the Supreme Elder Lord’s head rotated, showering black qi and yellow qi of heaven and earth.

Affected by several Dao Ancestors’ battles, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was getting weaker and weaker.

However, all this seemed to have nothing to do with the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

The Archaic Buddha noticed all his runes on the spirit patterns implanted in the sea of blood had been erased. His hopes of attaining the Dao Realm for many years were once again lost, and he could not help but feel exhausted.

“I wonder if Benefactor Yan will fulfill Fellow Daoist Xuandu or Fellow Daoist Southern Extremity?” Archaic Dipankara Buddha stared at Yan Zhaoge.

Everyone else’s eyes were also focused on Yan Zhaoge.

Previously, Yan Zhaoge was on the Grand Virtual Realm and had not yet overcome the Origin Heavenly Tribulation.

Since he had overcome the Origin Heavenly Tribulation and became a new Grand Heavenly Immortal, he seemed to have the right to earn something from the Nine Underworlds game.

Looking at the young face, several veteran Grand Heavenly Realm elites who had been famous for more than one era threw complicated eyes over.

Yan Zhaoge did not answer but turned his head and looked above the Nine Underworlds.

There, the White Jade Door loomed.

If possible, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord naturally hoped that the new Dao Ancestor would come from his alliance, Western Pure Lands.

However, at this moment, the situation had reversed. The Archaic Dipankara Buddha seemed to have no hope for success. The new Dao Realm bigwig was likely to be on the enemy side, and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would not stay still and let it happen.

At the same time, the Immortal Extermination Formation was looming, sheathing its sharp edge but pointed directly at the Immortal Court.

Only this time, the White Jade Door’s attitude was unyielding. Despite the Immortal Extermination Formation threatening its foundation, it was still eyeing the situation in Nine Underworlds.

If the Immortal Court were destroyed, he would become a commander of no army. For the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, the destruction of thousands of years of hard work was naturally a significant blow.

But having the addition of a new Dao Ancestor to the enemy side was also an immense threat to him.

In the face of more powerful enemy besieges, he might still be unable to protect his Immortal Court foundation.

In this case, it was better to gamble and pay the price now to hope for a future comeback.

Only the four Dao Ancestors could remove the swords and break the Immortal Extermination Formation.

But, the Immortal Extermination Formation could not hurt the Dao Ancestor either.

If the two sides clashed head-on, it would be a loss-loss situation.

When the time to make a decision came, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord dared to do so.

However, at this moment, a white lotus appeared.

The White Lotus lost its overbearing momentum and seemed a little weak compared to the jade door.

However, this white lotus appeared above the void and dissipated the oppression from the Immortal Jade Door.

It was the Future Buddha Maitreya who had suffered a significant loss previously. He came out again and was at a stalemate with his old enemy, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

At this moment, the Supreme Elder Lord in the Nine Underworlds with the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower above his head. It was difficult for the Nine Underworlds to contain the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and allow Amitabha to besiege the Maitreya Buddha alone with the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

Since Maitreya Buddha had suffered a loss previously, his intention was no longer to settle the winner between them but to hinder the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. At the same time, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord could not do much about it in a short period.

In this case, the threat posed by the Immortal Extermination Formation became unbearable.

Upon seeing this, the last hope in the hearts of the Pure Lands Buddhas, such as the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, was utterly shattered.

Yan Zhaoge did not seem surprised as if he had already anticipated it in his heart. He was brimming with confidence as if things happened as expected.

He then turned to look at Central Sara Stupa, whose light faded over time.

The pressure on the people suppressed under the Buddhist stupa did not ease. However, when the light on the Central Sara Stupa faded, everyone could immediately regain their freedom.

Daoism, on the other hand, still had the advantage.

“One plotted against my wife, and the other against Senior Brother Nie.” Yan Zhaoge’s eyes moved between the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Bhikkhu Xuan Du, “It’s tough to choose.”

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor immediately replied, “Fellow Daoist Yan, it’s all a misunderstanding.”

“I didn’t misunderstand anything at all.” Then, Yan Zhaoge interrupted him, “With your cultivation level of Origin Heavenly Scripture, would you now know the whereabouts of Rahu Saber after Jian Shunhua left the Saber for a thousand years before entering the Nine Underworlds?”

He looked directly at the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and a green brilliance appeared in his pupils.

As if being pulled, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s eyes also showed the same green brilliance, intertwined and constructed into mysterious runes.

“Sure enough, when searching for the Sakyamuni Sarira in the Central Blessed Lands of Saha’s ruined stupas a thousand years ago, you must have noticed it.” After being silent for a while, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor sighed, “You’re sharp. You were only in the Grand Virtual Realm back then and have never cultivated in Origin Heavenly Scripture, but your attainments are still as profound.”

Since the fall of the Master Amidst Clouds, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was the person with the highest attainments in the Origin Heavenly Scripture, but little knew about this matter.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor stood in the thunder, and his figure was looming, “Unfortunately, you are on the Grand Heavenly Realm, and I have not yet reached the Dao Realm. It seems I am one step behind you.”

Having one step slower was enough to make a world of difference.

At this time, Taiyi Cultivated Deity eased the relationship between the two sides, “It is a pity with the matter of Fellow Daoist Feng and Fellow Daoist Nie, but we can still salvage the ending.”

“Finally, the Elder Lord is willing to take action in person this time. For today’s plan, he still focuses on the situation of the Nine Underworlds. Fellow Daoist Yan has to think carefully about it.”

His words were subtle, hinting at Yan Zhaoge to avoid being disrespectful to the Supreme Elder Lord.

In fact, it meant that although the Supreme Elder Lord made a move today, it was still difficult to say in the future.

Therefore, the Daoism Lineage had to seize the opportunity today and seek something out from the Nine Underworlds game and a new Dao Ancestor into their rank so that their situation could be more stable.

“You are right.” Yan Zhaoge nodded at Taiyi Cultivated Deity, then looked at Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor with a smile, “It is because of this situation that the two of you have no fear of the repercussions.”

He smiled, “Unfortunately, I don’t have to pick one out of the two of you. Please stop feeling too good about yourself.”

Hearing this, everyone frowned.

Yan Zhaoge pointed to the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation under the sea of blood, “Who do you think will emerge victorious as the Supreme Elder Lord enters the game?”

“Eastern Sovereign doesn’t seem to care no matter Central Sara Stupa’s emergence or my ascension to the Grand Heavenly Realm. Why so?”

He glanced at the Nine Underworlds above his head again and the white lotus hindering the immortal jade door, “Do you think that the Future Buddha is willing to help Daoism to hinder the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord just to ensure that the Archaic Dipankara Buddha does not enter the Dao Realm?”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.