Chapter 1781: Miscalculation!

Chapter 1781: Miscalculation!

Daoism and demons were under the influence of the Buddhist stupa. Everyone focused on resisting the suppression of the four Buddhas.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya, who was directly competing with the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, was hindered. At the same time, Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor were also forced to halt the process of refining and establishing a new world on the sea of blood.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya frowned and manifested Vairocana Buddha’s Dharmakaya.

He felt some of the weight being lifted off, but the suppression of the Buddhist stupa above was still immense, leaving Dao Monarch Lu Ya struggling to move.

Yang Jian utilized the Paramount Yin Yang Profound Arts and transformed into a Buddha.

However, his situation was the same as that of Dao Monarch Lu Ya. Although the pressure on the Buddhist stupa had eased slightly, it was still a drop in the bucket, and its effect was limited. It was still difficult for him to move freely.

He looked towards Mahamayuri, who had transformed into 24 heads and 18 arms of Buddha Dharmakaya. The Five-Colored Divine Radiance flowed in the middle, holding up the stupa above.

However, under the suppression of the Buddhist stupa, Mahamayuri was temporarily unable to move.

On the other hand, the Buddhist stupa didn’t suppress Western Pure Lands’ bigwigs such as Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Jizo Bodhisattva.

However, the Buddha stupa could not hurt Daoism’s combatants and the demon races’ Great Sages.

The Buddhas of the Blessed Lands stepped back, protecting the Archaic Dipankara Buddha, watching the opponents below the Buddha stupa in all directions.

They were also surprised by the sudden change in front of them.

Amitabha and Archaic Dipankara Buddha kept this a secret, which was the last and most crucial move. They even hid their trump card from most Western Pure Lands’ members.

Though, they hid it not because they worried that someone would leak the secret. Instead, the fewer people who know it, the lesser traces of it left in this world, and the less likely it would be found out and calculated through divination.

Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and others naturally understood it, but they were pretty emotional just looking at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha.

Looking at the distant Archaic Dipankara Buddha, Ne Zha gritted his teeth in anger, but there was nothing he could do.

Although he had the lotus incarnation, he was still unable to move an inch in the face of the suppression of the Buddhist stupa above.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor raised his eyes and looked up at the Buddhist stupa above his head, frowning, “We have planned it so thoroughly, and yet we’re one move away from victory. Amitabha laid a good plan ahead of us.”

Daoism hadn’t yet lost to Archaic Dipankara Buddha in the current situation.

Otherwise, not to mention the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, Dao Monarch Lu Ya, and others, even Mahamayuri would not be unaware.

“Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, can’t you nullify that vajra with Triratna Jade Sceptre?” asked Bhikkhu Xuan Du slowly.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor smiled and replied with a calm expression, “It’s too late. The vajra is fortified with the four sariras. The Central Sara Stupa has been completed. Triratna Jade Sceptre can no longer interrupt the vajra.”

Although he had mastered Triratna Jade Sceptre, he could only use this treasure to make things happen, and he couldn’t use the treasure to do damage.

“Junior sister’s Green Duckweed Sword can’t break the Central Sara Stupa either,” said the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor lightly.

Although his tone was indifferent, his eyes flashed with a hint of unwillingness.

He was only one step away from success.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor looked towards the sea of blood under the abyss.

The Twelve Devilish Gods Formation had grown weaker while still struggling.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil took advantage of the formation to fight against three powerful enemies, Supreme Elder Lord, Amitabha Ancestor, and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

Sadly, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation was incomplete after all.

Affected by the war between the two sides, the arrival of the Doomsday Heavenly Devil into the world had now become a distant future.

The weaker the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation, the more difficult it would be for Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil to face three powerful enemies.

Thus, the Nine Underworlds were now in a vicious circle of deteriorating.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha took this opportunity to refine spirit patterns on the sea of blood.

Three lights appeared together in the Buddha light at the back of his head. Among them, the gray fire suddenly flourished, and flames spewed out from it. The outline of the “卍” character fell into the sea of blood.

The “卍” characters then divided themselves, becoming hundreds, thousands, millions.

Soon, innumerable “卍” characters appeared. They were like flowing water, going along the twelve strokes of spirit patterns on the sea of blood.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha clasped his palms together and kept chanting silently.

The tidal “卍” characters engulfed the spirit patterns of the sea of blood quickly.

When the mysterious spirit patterns composed of twelve strokes were filled with innumerable “卍” characters, the back of Archaic Dipankara Buddha’s head was filled with Buddha light. It then became even brighter, illuminating all directions.

The dark Nine Underworlds deep sea was brightly lit at this moment.

In the sea of blood below, both Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil appeared terrified.

Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil immediately raised his hand and grabbed onto the exterior of the sea of blood.

However, Amitabha blocked his attack.

The expressions of the Supreme Elder Lord and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi were unfazed. On the contrary, they seemed to turn a blind eye to what was happening outside the sea of blood.

Their composure was as if the people who were going to take advantage of the Nine Underworlds’ situation outside were their clan members and not the people in the Western Pure Lands.

Amitabha’s expression was the same as usual, without any fluctuation.

The three Dao Realm bigwigs joined hands at this moment to suppress the Nine Underworlds.

With this opportunity, the Archaic Dipankara Buddha sat on a green lotus, hovering over the sea of blood spirit patterns.

At this point, he just needed to wait with peace of mind as the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation continued to weaken. Then, he would make the final move when the devils were eradicated.

As the devils were eradicated, it also symbolized his success in illuminating them, achieving a great deed and taking that final step toward ascension.

“Central Saha Stupa can persist for a long time.” Archaic Dipankara Buddha looked at the Buddhist stupa and the people under the stupa, thinking in his heart, “Even if Daoism exerts the Immortal Extermination Formation to attack, I still have enough time.”

Archaic Dipankara Buddha was emotional, glancing at his long-time competitors, Dao Monarch Lu Ya and Bhikkhu Xuan Du, the prominent Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, the tyrannical Kong Xuan, Yang Jian, Suo Mingzhang, Feng Yunsheng, and the rests.

However, before he could relax, another fluctuation came across his spirit.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha noticed a pair of bright eyes looking at him with a slight smile.

Those were Yan Zhaoge’s gaze.

Archaic Dipankara Buddha was immediately alerted again.

“Amitabha has indeed laid a good plan here. Archaic Buddha, you’re patient as always.” Yan Zhaoge looked peaceful, still sitting cross-legged in the void. His left and right hands were connected with Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye in a straight line.

He turned his head to look around, looked around at the circles of Buddha light that shrouded the Archaic Buddha’s head, and observed the Buddha stupa in the center.

“However, if I’m not mistaken, this Buddhist stupa’s suppression of its target is different. After all, we have different strengths. In the end, we are just suppressed and unable to move.”

Yan Zhaoge smiled, “And I feel that you can’t adjust the power output anymore?”

Archaic Dipankara Buddha fixed his eyes on Yan Zhaoge. At the same time, Yan Zhaoge turned to look at him again, and the smile on his face gradually disappeared.

“Dipankara, there’re many more variables you haven’t taken into account yet.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.