Chapter 1790: The Returning Of The Great Sage!

Chapter 1790: The Returning of the Great Sage!

As the monkey slammed his cudgel, the Nine Underworlds collapsed.

The devil domain formed with the Existence Creation Heavenly Devil’s carcass that lasted for several epochs ushered in the end today!

This cudgel did not illustrate the mere concept of destruction but the new beginning from an end.

At the point where the cudgel hit, the Nine Underworlds collapsed. Everything in the Devil’s Domain world poured into it like a tide.

At the same time, that little distortion point was connected with the endless cosmic void of the great thousand worlds outside.

The air flowed incessantly. It was first divided into yin and yang and then dispersed into Clear Qi and Turbid Qi. It was precisely the scene of world creation.

The creation of the new world was established to replace the Nine Underworlds. The new beginning was closely attached to the great thousand worlds, just like the front and back of a mirror.

Although this place was primitive, it had vividly displayed the grandeur image of a new beginning: The process of two extremities evolving into four elements, thus giving birth to the eight divinatory of yin and yang. Then, the primordial gulf split open and gave birth to the universe. The sun, moon, and stars emerged as time passed, defining the beginning scene of world creation.

The looming essence of life was nurtured in the world. Although it was temporarily weak, it was growing increasingly more vital.

Its nature contradicted the Nine Underworlds, which focused on plundering, polluting, and devouring the world.

The vast devil domain was rapidly annihilated at this moment. It was moving toward the end.

Even the most central Abyss of the Devilish Sea collapsed rapidly, sliding towards that point.

The deep sea had a deafening roar, and the demons howled.

Although their nature was inclined toward chaos and destruction, they were still furious and gloomy at the moment.

The Nine Underworlds were destroyed. The Existence Creation Heavenly Devil’s carcass disintegrated, and the authority that lay within was lost.

It was even harder to make up for this than to spawn the Doomsday Heavenly Devil.

The monkey’s accomplishment had predicted that the incomplete Twelve Devilish Gods Formation would be difficult to be erected again.

At the same time, the collapse of Nine Underworlds meant that the hope for the devils to make a comeback was at the inch of being destroyed.

Except for the Twelve Devilish Gods, the Grand Heavenly Realm Devil Lords could no longer be reborn due to the destruction of the Nine Underworlds.

The formation disintegrated. The sea of blood dried up, and the devils rushed out of the abyss.

The devil, who had always brought destruction to others, ushered in the doomsday. The devils were in great despair as if their makers were defeated.

The Nine Underworlds had thus become a history.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil stared blankly at the Supreme Elder Lord and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, who stopped before them.

Amitabha stopped and looked in the direction of the Great Sage Equalling Heavens.

Brilliance arose, and the monkey was no longer visible.

The brilliance and what remained for the Nine Underworlds sank into the point — the nascent of world creation.

The people, who were originally in the Nine Underworlds, were implicated. The only exceptions were the Dao Ancestors.

The place where the Elder Lord and Dao Realm Bigwig stood changed from the incomparably deep abyss previously to the higher place above the void.

As they looked down, they could witness the new creation. Clear Qi rushed out and came to the “equal” height in the void with them.

Yan Zhaoge and others entered the new creation in the primitive and desolate cosmic space. They looked towards the Dao Ancestors above the void.

Right next to the Elder Lord and the others, Clear Qi condensed and formed a golden Ru Yi Golden Cudgel.

The cudgel rotated in a circle in mid-air, and its appearance changed again.

Sun Wukong revealed his true form. He was still in the form of a monkey, wearing a Daoist robe.

He cupped his hands to the Supreme Elder Lord and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and then greeted the white lotus Lian in the distance, “Thanks, three of you, for allowing my success.”

Then, the monkey looked at Yan Zhaoge in the new world below, bared his teeth, and chuckled, “Thank you, little friend, too.”

His voice was mysterious and profound, like the sound of a great dao.

But everyone present heard the voice and could understand the meaning of the words.

“Congratulations on the return, Great Sage!” Yan Zhaoge smiled and cupped his hands to the figure above the void, “Respected Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor, may you be blessed with immeasurable longevity!”

Dao Monarch Lu Ya and the demons looked at the Great Sage Equalling Heavens in Dao Realm with complicated expressions.

In particular, the demon race’s Bull Demon King had mixed feelings about it.

After the monkey escaped from the Five Elements Mountain, the truth of the Middle era’s journey to the west and devotion to the Buddha gradually became widely known.

Great Demons like the Bull Demon King had less resentment towards the Great Sage Equalling Heavens, but it was hard to say they were still as close as they used to be.

With Sun Wukong attaining the Dao Realm, everything was different.

Soon, led by Dao Monarch Lu Ya, the demons saluted the figure in unison, “Your Majesty Sage Sovereign!”

However, once they decided to kneel, they were stopped by an invisible force.

“Eastern Sovereign and I are different. There’s no need for the rites.” Then, the monkey’s voice came, “I came back this time not to be honored by you. In the past, my brothers suffered calamities because of me. Now that I’m on Dao Realm, I’ll take responsibility for it.”

“Lu Ya, since I took your opportunity this time, I will help you next time.” Dao Monarch Lu Ya smiled bitterly in his heart. Since he missed this round, it was hard to say whether he would have another chance in the future.

Since Su Wukong had become Dao Ancestor, the promise of such an existence was, of course, extremely precious. Dao Monarch Lu Ya quickly thanked him.

“But let me be frank. I won’t sit out on Astro Mountains Starry Sea’s competition with other factions. But, I will be a bystander in the competition with Daoism. I’m indebted to the demon races and Daoism. If friction has happened with Daoism, I will be the mediator for it.” The monkey added, causing the demons to smile bitterly again.

Everyone in Daoism would naturally hear it clearly since it was conveyed directly.

After a brief silence, everyone bowed to the sky together, “Respected Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor, may you be blessed with immeasurable longevity!”

The monkey looked at the Elder Lord and said, “Old man, I owe you and Little Friend Yan a great favor to escape the calamity this time and attain my dao. I will be grateful for it and be there once the Three Clears need me, but please don’t trouble me with the Astro Mountains Starry Sea.”

“I don’t have the time to talk nonsense with you, monkey. Let’s deal with what’s happening now,” said the Elder Lord indifferently while riding on the back of the ox.

The hooves of the green ox spread out, and the Elder Lord incarnated the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower on his head, striking the Primordial Heavenly Devil with his crutch.

The Eastern Sovereign Taiyi looked at Amitabha.

The monkey burst out laughing. Even though he had recently ascended into Dao Realm, he immediately summoned his cudgel and confronted the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.

Above the void, several Dao Ancestors fought together again. However, their goal was to bring annihilation to the devils!

On the other side, the Nine Underworlds were shattered and reborn. In the newly created universe, the Central Sara Stupa finally dissipated as time passed.

The vajra and the four Sakyamuni Sarira rays dissipated and fell.

Mahamayuri looked calm, put the treasure back in his bag, and glanced at the Archaic Dipankara Buddha. He did not speak, did not stay, and left immediately.

The Archaic Dipankara Buddha and the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhism Bhantes were melancholic with what happened and fled quickly.

Yan Zhaoge did not trouble them but went straight at Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor!

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.