Chapter 1792: None Can Escape Today!

Chapter 1792: None Can Escape Today!

Yan Zhaoge took away the Triratna Jade Sceptre and abolished Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s cultivation of Origin Heavenly Scripture. At this moment, the green glow in his eyes flashed violently.

He frowned slightly and quickly relaxed. The green light in his pupils faded.

While feeling the Triratna Jade Sceptre in his hand, Yan Zhaoge looked at Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

“Senior Brother Nie and Senior Apprentice-sister Yu are still fine. I won’t be too harsh on you because of the Supreme Elder Lord.” Yan Zhaoge looked at the illusory square prana above Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s head. “But you’re overconfident if you think you’re invulnerable with the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana.”

Yan Zhaoge generated the baldachin that integrated Three Clears atop his head.

At the edge of the baldachin, endless Clear Qi seemed to hang down like a silk ribbon.

Clear Qi swirled, wrapped Bhikkhu Xuan Du along with the illusory square prana above his head, and sent him to the baldachin.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du opened his eyes.

He cast Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana known to be inexhaustible and invulnerable to many arts.

Although Bhikkhu Xuan Du could not do anything else at the moment when moving alone was difficult, the opponent could not hurt him as long as the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana was in effect.

After expanding Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana, Yan Zhaoge would not be able to reach Bhikkhu Xuan Du unless he broke through it. Both sides were in a stalemate.

Although it was humiliating, it was Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s last line of defense to his reputation.

He believed Incongruence Divine Mother and Cloudy Firmament Fairy would not use Immortal Extermination Formation to help Yan Zhaoge break his Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana.

However, Yan Zhaoge never intended to capitalize on the Immortal Extermination Formation.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du landed on Yan Zhaoge’s baldachin, unable to move.

At the same time, he could not disperse the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana on his own accord.

Baldachin and the illusory prana formed an invisible cage, imprisoning him here.

In the end, Yan Zhaoge captured and suppressed him.

But just as Yan Zhaoge said, he would be considerate of the Supreme Elder Lord’s reputation and would not make the scene too ugly.

Yan Zhaoge had the baldachin on top of his head. He held the Triratna Jade Sceptre and strode on the cosmic void.

Great Sage Equalling Heavens utilized the Nine Underworlds to establish his new world. The Great Devils from Nine Underworlds also flowed into this place after the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation had fallen.

Jade door and white lotus patrolled above the void.

The two heretic Dao Ancestors, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and Future Buddha, did not participate in the Dao Realm battle between Supreme Elder Lord, Amitabha, and Primordial Heavenly Devil.

Their goal was to convert the demons and illuminate the Nine Underworlds in hopes of gaining a new source of faith power.

The two heretic ancestors had been paying attention to the situation of the Nine Underworlds. Besides observing the competition between Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and who would be the new Dao Realm, they were eyeing the large “population” of the Nine Underworlds.

In the process of Great Sage Equalling Heavens smashing Nine Underworlds and establishing a new creation, many middle and lower-level devils were annihilated, leaving only a few Great and Ancient Devils with a higher cultivation realm. They struggled while at death’s door, entering the new world.

For the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord and the Future Buddha, they were seeking to illuminate these Great Devils.

However, their targets would not include the six Extinct Devils such as Origin Heart Devil.

Thus, the heretic ancestors did not bother about them.

Twelve Devilish Gods Formation had become history. The Great Devils did not need to continue to guard the formation.

Nine Underworlds could hardly attain any gains, but they had to focus on reducing their losses.

Origin Heart Devil’s group was well aware of this, so they tried to escape.

However, the Daoism folks, even Dao Monarch Lu Ya, kept their eyes on them.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya first pursued the Fire Devil.

He had achieved nothing. Thus, he would need to plan for the future, repeating the process of accumulating cultivation and making new preparations.

Although Yang Jian’s group was concerned about Yan Zhaoge, Bhikkhu Xuan Du, and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, they would not spare the devils, thus blocking the Origin Heart Devil’s path.

Yan Zhaoge landed a critical blow on the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and suppressed Bhikkhu Xuan Du in a short period.

Yang Jian, Ne Zha, and others had mixed feelings upon seeing the scene unfold. However, they were all relieved in their hearts.

“Water Devil, Earth Devil, I’m here for your life!” Yan Zhaoge maintained a steady pace, neither hurried nor too slow. The pressure as heavy as a mountain enveloped the devils.

Earth Devil looked at Yan Zhaoge. His voice was hoarse and dry like sand rubbing on one another, “A catastrophe fell on the Nine Underworlds, and I don’t expect more. I think it’s my blessing to experience the might of a Three Clears Practitioner of Daoism!”

His body suddenly dispersed and turned into countless gravels. Under a gust, he split and merged, turning into several terrifying tornado sandstorms. Then, he took the lead in attacking, slamming into Yan Zhaoge!

Yan Zhaoge held Triratna Jade Sceptre in one hand and reached out the other hand. Then, he spread his fingers out and grasped toward the middle point!

In the void, a massive invisible palm seemed to have emerged, covering a vast and boundless area, seeming capable of engulfing this piece of the universe.

Then, the invisible hand clenched tightly and grasped the terrifying black sand storms altogether!

Under the painful roar, Earth Devil reappeared but was held in Yan Zhaoge’s palm.

Although this Great Devil had a painful expression, his eyes remained calm, enduring the oppression of Yan Zhaoge’s power that seemed to overturn his incantations.

The pressure was so great that Earth Devil’s figure was broken again.

But that did not mean death.

On the contrary, it was the Earth Devil’s incantation.

The current generation of Earth Devil was a sand devil whose body shape was inconstant. It could be scattered and merged at will.

Many attacks would not cause damage to him. However, even if a part of his body or the entire body was shattered, the outcome would be him remerging again.

At this moment, the devil figure shattered again under Yan Zhaoge’s pressure.

The uncountable gravels seemed to have come alive. After the gravels were shattered, they fluttered in Yan Zhaoge’s palm and tried to drill into Yan Zhaoge’s body!

This was one of Sand Devil’s vicious arts that had defeated many powerful opponents.

Yan Zhaoge grinned at the situation.

Airflow surged on the surface of his skin, forming an invisible barrier.

Sand Devil’s previous host possessed the Buddha Golden Body. He was equipped with the Great Demon scale armor too. However, he could not drill into Yan Zhaoge’s body even with those features.

On the contrary, the temperature rose in Yan Zhaoge’s palm. A colorless and transparent flame lit up, mercilessly smelting the gravel in his hand.

Quietly, countless gravels melted and were smelted into one entity.

Earth Devil’s qi was getting weaker and weaker.

Painful roars were heard incessantly. The shrills became sharper but also weaker.

Earth Devil struggled to survive. As long as a grain of sand escaped, he could survive even if his foundation was harmed.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s palm was the definition of his new world. No matter how fast he darted around, he could not escape from the grasp.

The colorless and transparent flames became more vigorous. In just a short time, the Earth Devil, one of the six Extinct Devils, met its peril!

Yan Zhaoge dissipated the flames in his hand. He weighed the transparent crystals that had cooled down rapidly and then looked at Wood Devil, Water Devil, and Origin Heart Devil, “None of you can escape today.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.