Chapter 1795: The Dust Settles

Chapter 1795: The Dust Settles

The battle between the Dao Ancestors intensified.

Since the battle took place in the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation previously, the pressure was not apparent to the outsiders.

However, the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation and the Nine Underworlds were destroyed. The horror that lay in the battle at Dao Realm was particularly shocking.

It might seem easy peasy, but the brawls that took place were devastating.

The Dao Ancestors seem to be located in a higher place beyond everyone else’s reach.

None could reach them, but they could alter the worldly creations.

No matter if it was great thousand worlds or the newly established world by the monkey, they trembled faintly at this moment.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil had no scruples at this moment, only to seek their escape. Thus, they gave all-out recklessly.

On the other hand, the fight between Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, Amitabha, Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, and Maitreya Buddha was not so intense. While they were enemies, they also formed a barrier to stop the shockwaves sent out from the battle between Dao Realm bigwigs.

Otherwise, the Astro Mountains Starry Sea, Western Pure Lands, Immortal Court, and Blessed Lands of the White Lotus might also be affected negatively.

The afterimages of the battling Dao Realm bigwigs were erratic, with their whereabouts unable to be grasped.

The jade door confronted the white lotus above the void while the ancient bell went against the green lotus.

Farther away, there was a Taiji Image being unfolded. There was also the golden cudgel waved in the cosmic space as it fought against the black mirror and a round orb.

The black mirror was naturally the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, and the golden cudgel was the monkey.

The image of the Primordial Heavenly Devil at the moment was a round orb.

The surface of this orb had no brilliance, and the inside was neither bright nor dark but blurry chaos.

The orb of chaos changed from time to time. It sometimes shrunk to just a point, inching toward nothingness. Conversely, it would sometimes enlarge to a vast expanse, and the edge was blurred like a cloud.

Sure enough, the Taiji Image fighting against the Primordial Heavenly Devil was incarnated by the Supreme Elder Lord.

Both sides exchanged blows continuously.

The Taiji Image and the golden cudgel joined forces to gain the upper hand, suppressing the Chaos Orb and the pitch-black Ancient Mirror.

“Although the Great Sage just recently entered the Dao Realm, he was unafraid of the Dao Ancestor since earlier heavens.” Feng Yunsheng stood beside Yan Zhaoge, looking up at the place above the void.

“You’re right.” Yan Zhaoge also stared at the lofty battlefield on that side.

As the battle ensued, the Taiji Image repelled the Chaos Orb. It then turned to fight the dark Ancient Mirror together with the golden cudgel.

The black mirror was unable to fend for himself and hurriedly retreated.

The Chaos Orb immediately came as a reinforcement. However, the Taiji Image spun, incarnating a barrier that seemingly blocked the orb out.

Although the spectators could not see the details, they knew that the Primordial Heavenly Devil could not do anything with the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower on the Elder Lord’s head.

At the same time when the Chaos Orb was blocked outside, the Taiji Image contained the dark Ancient Mirror in its vortex.

The golden cudgel went immediately at the mirror ferociously.

But, the Chaos Orb intercepted the golden cudgel and battled it.

On the other side, the Taiji Image wrapped around the pitch-black Ancient Mirror. As the yin-yang fish pattern rotated, the surface of the pitch-black Ancient Mirror became dusty, losing its brilliance and becoming increasingly turbid.

Over time, cracks even started to appear on the mirror surface!

The cracks slowly grew from subtle to conspicuous as the damage intensified.

The Chaos Orb flew up again. However, it was then stopped again by the Taiji Image. At the same time, it could not harm the Taiji Image.

On the other hand, the golden cudgel chased after him and shocked the Chaos Orb.

The Peerless Chaos Phenomenon seemed to be a little dimmed because of this.

The green lotus lost its patience and went directly at the ancient bell.

Amitabha did not attack the Supreme Elder Lord but joined up with the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil to help him escape from the Supreme Elder Lord’s offenses.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil did the same thing.

In the face of Taiji Image, the golden cudgel, ancient bell, green lotus, Chaos Orb, and black mirror all paid varying degrees of price.

The petals on the green lotus pedestal shattered and fell. The scene inside the Chaos Orb seemed much clearer, and the dark Ancient Mirror was full of cracks.

After some losses, Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil and Primordial Heavenly Devil finally escaped with the help of Amitabha.

The jade door, incarnated by the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, also disappeared.

The war finally subsided, and the turbulent universe gradually returned to peace.

“

Well

, I was thinking just now. Will the Primordial Heavenly Devil and the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil suddenly defect and help the Eastern Sovereign to kill Amitabha?” Yan Zhaoge touched his chin.

There was an ongoing competition between Amitabha and Eastern Sovereign Taiyi. If Amitabha got rid of Maitreya Buddha, he would win by default.

In addition to that, the more direct way was to kill Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

Conversely, the situation applied similarly to Eastern Sovereign Taiyi.

If Eastern Sovereign Taiyi wanted to win, he had to find ways to eliminate Amitabha outside from protecting Maitreya Buddha.

Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil wanted the Faceless Heavenly Devil to come into the world. Thus, they needed Amitabha Buddha to stop staying in this world.

Buddha’s transcendence was certainly one way to do that. However, there was another way to make him disappear.

Feng Yunsheng turned her head to Yan Zhaoge helplessly. Yan Zhaoge shrugged, “It’s possible for the devil dao ancestors to do this.”

“Without Amitabha, the Eastern Sovereign may not bother with the existence of Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil at all.” Yan Zhaoge said, “It’s just that the Elder Lord and Great Sage will continue to trouble them.”

Even if the group could besiege and successfully send Amitabha to peril, most of them had to pay the price.

Without the help of Amitabha, the two devils could not escape in the face of the Supreme Elder Lord and the monkey.

If they could not survive until the Faceless Heavenly Devil came into the world, things would only get worse for them.

The risk was too great. Thus, the two devils decided to escape first before seeking a plan for the future.

This might be why the two devils did not defect and act against Amitabha.

“Also, it’s hard to guess what the Elder Lord thinks. Who knows if he will change his decision suddenly?” Yan Zhaoge grinned.

“In the end, Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil escape today’s catastrophe.” Feng Yunsheng frowned, “They still have hopes of making a comeback.”

“It’s hard to say whether the devil dao won or lost in today’s game.” Yan Zhaoge said, “However, it is undoubtedly a loss for now.”

Primordial Heavenly Devil managed to break out from the encirclement. Thus, the devil dao had two Dao Realm bigwigs alive at the same time.

But the two devils suffered a significant loss in the battle just now.

That was especially true for the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, who almost perished. It would take a long time before recovering and returning to its former peak state.

The Primordial Heavenly Devil, the leader of all devils and the source of the devil dao, had survived, leaving a chance for the resurrection of the devil dao.

However, the opportunity for the devils to emerge again would be delayed indefinitely, given the critical damage and losses today.

As for the Western Pure Lands, they could not be satisfied with the current outcome.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.