Chapter 1791: You Stood No Chance

Chapter 1791: You Stood No Chance

Seeing Yan Zhaoge’s actions, Yang Jian, Ne Zha, Taiyi Cultivated Deity, and other Yuqing bigwig powerhouses sighed.

“I hope Fellow Yan will show more mercy.” Yang Jian shook his head and sighed.

Yan Zhaoge still did not stop, “I understand that you care about those in the same lineage. Even though things have turned out well, I make up for it, not them.”

“They can’t pretend nothing has happened and avoid responsibility.” Yang Jian heard the words, sighed to the sky, and said no more.

Ne Zha and Taiyi Cultivated Deity also remained silent.

Yan Zhaoge did not seem to commit large movements, but he was in front of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor and Bhikkhu Xuan Du instantly.

Seeing that the Supreme Elder Lord did not care about what happened here as if he did not notice it, Southern Extremity and Xuandu’s expressions changed slightly. They felt a chill creep upon their hearts.

Without any hesitation, they all fled in different directions.

Bhikkhu Xuan Du’s figure became illusory and empty as if he had transformed into a formless existence.

His body was blended into the void, attempting to bridge through the newly created world and return to the Tushita Palace.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor stood on the chariot transformed by lightning.

After a “

boom

“, the lightning flashed, and the chariot’s frame almost disintegrated. It turned into a rolling thunder light, surrounded the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, and sent him to the void to quickly flee.

The thunder continued to sound. The three thunderclaps, Grand Illusory Spatial Thunder, Everlasting Thunder, and Momentary Divine Thunder, were utilized altogether. The movement speed of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was even faster than that of Bhikkhu Xuan Du.

The two famous Daoism Heavenly Lords since ancient eras had no intention of fighting against Yan Zhaoge. They attempted to flee in separate directions. It would be up to fate as to which direction Yan Zhaoge would pursue.

Although the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was proficient at Origin Heavenly Scripture, he could not calculate his hope of escaping through divination.

However, Yan Zhaoge’s previous performance in defeating the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhas already informed the crowd that Bhikkhu Xuan Du and Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had no chance of winning against him even if they joined forces.

Fleeing separately could be their only chance.

There was no chance at all to stay and stubbornly fend for themselves.

Yan Zhaoge was well aware of their thoughts.

“No matter what you do, you still have no chance.” He smiled.

After a flash, there seemed to be two more Yan Zhaoge!

It was clear that Yan Zhaoge was still in the initial space, calmly moving forward.

But at the same time, Yan Zhaoge had appeared in front of the feeling Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, each.

It was not a phantom nor an illusion. However, Yan Zhaoge seemed to exist in different positions in the conception of time and space simultaneously.

The rest of the Daoism group was awed. Of course, Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor grew even gloomier after witnessing what unfolded.

They were fast, and Yan Zhaoge was faster than them!

Yan Zhaoge had the ubiquitous capability to appear everywhere as a Grand Heavenly Realm cultivator, like Roc of Ten Thousand Cloudy Miles and Yang Jian.

Even if Bhikkhu Xuan Du and the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor escaped in different directions, Yan Zhaoge intercepted them at the same time!

“Sure enough, opportunity and doom lay together.” The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor was a little tired. He spat out a long mouthful of turbid qi, and his figure suddenly began to shrink.

The vast and powerful Grand Heavenly Realm cultivator seemed to shrink into a drop in the ocean.

Not only did the body shrink, but the Immortal Splendour was converged into one point without revealing the slightest bit.

Thus, he was more than shrinking in others’ perceptions. It felt more like disappearing on the spot.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, reached out his finger, and tapped lightly in the void.

As his finger tapped, the time and space swayed, and the thunder light reappeared.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s figure appeared in front of everyone again.

Then, it seemed to grow bigger again with Yan Zhaoge’s finger inching closer to the point between his eyebrows.

It was surely not Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s work. Yan Zhaoge broke his art with one finger and forcibly dragged him out of the shrinking point again.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor appeared involuntarily, sending his forehead toward Yan Zhaoge’s finger.

“

Ji!

” At this moment, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s expression had returned calm, and his eyes were as calm as water.

After the shout, a light stream rose from his body, flashing purple, white, and golden yellow.

The light flow manifested a jade sceptre, protecting the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s forehead.

It was the Triratna Jade Sceptre left behind by the Primordial Heavenly Lord in the past.

This treasure was the key to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s fight against Bhikkhu Xuan Du. At the same time, it was also the key to the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s ascendancy to the Dao Realm in the Nine Underworlds game.

But now, in the face of Yan Zhaoge’s attack, the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor had to exert this Triratna Jade Sceptre immediately.

That could be the price he had to pay to Yan Zhaoge and Feng Yunsheng.

No matter how reluctant he was, he had to sacrifice his treasure immediately.

Otherwise, he was likely to be on the spot.

As soon as Yan Zhaoge pointed out his finger, the Triratna Jade Sceptre stopped in front of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

Although the emperor could not utilize this treasure freely, it had played the role of a temporary shield.

As soon as Yan Zhaoge’s fingers pressed on the surface of Triratna Jade Sceptre, he converted his brutal attack to a more supple approach.

The brilliance of purple, white, and gold flashed continuously, but Yan Zhaoge exuded Clear Qi to disperse them.

At the same time when Yan Zhaoge had summoned the turbulent airflow around him, his acupoints at his hand sent out tiny dots of light akin to the stars.

Those little glows had the same three colors: purple, white, and gold. They clashed against the sceptre’s radiance.

Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor quickly morphed into lightning again and took the opportunity to escape into the distance.

“Do you think that’s enough?” said Yan Zhaoge casually.

He reached out to grab the Triratna Jade Sceptre. Then, there were green lights exuded in his eyes.

The other empty hand volleyed towards the back of the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

No attacks hit the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor, but his figure was seemingly staggered by an impact!

Green glows interweaved and flashed continuously in his pupils, turning into mysterious runes.

Then, the runes shattered!

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor’s pupils sent out blue light that shattered to pieces later. They emitted their last glow before completely disappearing.

He groaned with his spirit and vigor withered. The Three Flowers Converged Crown above him had dimmed.

The Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor did not dare to pause at all. He hurriedly fled, merging into the depths of the void.

Yan Zhaoge’s figure appeared in front of Bhikkhu Xuan Du on the other side.

Yan Zhaoge spat out white qis. The qis were vast like a starry river, rushing toward Bhikkhu Xuan Du like a rapid.

“If I had known that Junior Brother Purple Tenuity’s cadaver is in the hands of Nine Underworlds, there is no need for me to get involved, which paints the path to my retribution today. This is my fate…”

As Bhikkhu Xuan Du sighed, the black and yellow qi above his head converged, manifesting an illusory square prana.

It was the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana.

At this moment, it was useless to resist, and he could not escape. So, he cleared off all other thoughts, closed his eyes, cast Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Prana, and sat quietly in the void.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.