Chapter 1794: The Final Suspense

Chapter 1794: The Final Suspense

The sword glow twisted mid-air, mincing up the Origin Heart Devil’s body.

After suffering the previous heavy blow, the Origin Heart Devil could hardly stop the sword glow, neither avoiding it because of the baldachin’s confinement. There was no way he could survive Yan Zhaoge’s sword attack.

Immediate after, there were no signs of struggling anymore from the devil.

Among the six Extinct Devils, apart from the Wood Devil, only the Origin Heart Devil had never been eradicated since ancient times.

But now, the Origin Heart Devil followed the Wood Devil’s path and perished in Yan Zhaoge’s hand.

Origin Heart Devil was not afraid of death as the ancestor and source of devils in the world.

As long as sentient beings existed, the Origin Heart Devil could reincarnate from the hearts and minds of the living creatures.

The difference at most was the speed of being reborn and the speed of recovering back to his peak strength.

Unlike other Great Devils who sought a suitable physique for every reborn, the Origin Heart Devil did not need a body to regenerate itself.

With the Nine Underworlds brought to ruins, the devil’s dao withered away. Other Great Devils, including the Wood Devil and the Water Devil, had also lost the chance to be reborn.

However, that would not affect the Origin Heart Devil.

However, the baldachin on Yan Zhaoge’s head was magical. It had imprisoned the Origin Heart Devil on it.

Origin Heart Devil perished on the baldachin. Even if he had been reborn, he would still exist on the baldachin.

The fate of his future had already been brought to a conclusion. Yan Zhaoge would behead him immediately once he was reborn!

After a long period of perishment, he would return to the world. However, he would perish again in just a moment and might not even have the chance to see the new world.

In the future, the most potent Devil Lord would always stay in the endless cycle of life and death, unable to extricate himself from its predicament.

Yan Zhaoge stood in the void and turned to look to the other side.

There, Dao Monarch Lu Ya subdued the Fire Devil. Other Great Demons were flanking the enemies.

The Fire Devil of this generation was reborn in the Astro Mountains Starry Sea through the demon race.

At that time, due to Dao Monarch Lu Ya’s arrangement, Fire Devil could safely return to the Nine Underworlds. It had been many years since then.

However, Dao Monarch Lu Ya had left behind some flaws at the start. Thus, the Fire Devil was disadvantageous in facing him.

Being restrained while staying under the threat of Immortal Slaying Flying Saber, the Fire Devil could not turn the tide at all, and the outcome was already set.

Dao Monarch Lu Ya subdued the Fire Devil without any accident.

On the other side, Yan Zhaoge swept away the devils.

Four Extinct Devils had perished in Yan Zhaoge’s hand. The exceptions were Devil of Aged Metal and Fire Devil!

Following Yan Zhaoge’s success against the Western Pure Lands Buddhas, he once again single-handedly swept away the Nine Underworlds’ Great Devils.

The onlookers were shocked by the scene.

There had long been an honorary title like Young Heavenly Lord attached to Yan Zhaoge. At the same time, he displayed excellent combat strength during the Grand Virtual Realm. Everyone had expected Yan Zhaoge’s extraordinary performance after attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm.

However, the fact that speculation turned into reality was still shocking.

In particular, everyone felt they had undermined Yan Zhaoge in their previous speculation about him.

The jade door and white lotus looming above the cosmic space directed their focus on Yan Zhaoge all this while.

The devils were either killed or captured at the moment.

The Immortal Court and the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus illuminated most of the evils.

Since the Future Buddha had suffered losses before, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord had the upper hand in illuminating the devils into the Immortal Court.

The contest in the numbers and strengths of the two heretics was likely to face a reshuffle in the future.

However, that was only limited to the fight between the two.

Compared with the Daoism lineage, orthodox Buddhism, and demon races, they still had an inherent gap.

Forget about others. Yan Zhaoge, who stood in the newly created universe, was enough to make the heretics restless.

The jade door and white lotus stood still in the void, bringing oppression to the battlefield.

As far as Future Buddha Maitreya was concerned, he previously helped Yan Zhaoge in hindering the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to ensure the Great Sage attained the Dao Realm.

With the new Dao Ancestor having been born, Maitreya Buddha no longer had to hinder the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord’s path anymore.

Without the Maitreya Buddha’s hindrance, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord would naturally have no problem descending into this world.

However, despite the Elder Lord being occupied with the fight and tended to ignore worldly matters, the Elder Lord was not someone he could neglect.

The Immortal Extermination Formation was also looming above the Immortal Court at this moment.

In the long silence, the White Jade Door did not descend.

Yan Zhaoge’s group was alerted to the contest between the several Dao Realm bigwigs on the other side.

The outcome of this battle would determine the overall situation of the universe for a long time to come.

“This game has come to an end now. The dust is about to settle. It all depends on the outcome with the Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil.” Twelve Devilish Gods Formation had dispersed. Feng Yunsheng had gradually returned to normal.

She looked into the distance where several Dao Ancestors were fighting.

However, that battlefield seemed to be at an endlessly high place.

The rest could observe clearly but never seemed to be able to reach the warring Dao Realm bigwigs.

“If the Primordial Heavenly Devil fails to break out from the encirclement, the Nine Underworlds will lose this game and be thoroughly destroyed.” Taiyi Cultivated Deity said slowly to his disciple Ne Zha, “But when the Primordial Heavenly Devil successfully escapes, the devil dao can be revived even if the Nine Underworlds are destroyed, and the devils perish.”

Ne Zha nodded. Although he acted faster than his thoughts with a hot temper, he could still understand the situation in front of him.

As the leader of all devils, there was still hope even if it was bleak for the devil dao as long as the Primordial Heavenly Devil, the ancestor of all devils, survived.

Previously, the Nine Underworlds only had Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, but now there were two devil ancestors.

Even if the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation disintegrated, the Nine Underworlds collapsed, and the devils group collapsed, the two devil ancestors were a strong anchor.

To put it bluntly, the devil dao was even stronger than before in combat power alone.

Due to this, the Primordial Heavenly Devil and Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil managed to face the onslaught of the Elder Lord, the Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, and the Monkey.

Amitabha wanted to seek trouble with Maitreya Buddha. However, after Maitreya Buddha suffered a loss previously, he was cautious. Thus, it became difficult for Amitabha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to contain him.

Moreover, although Eastern Sovereign Taiyi was troubling the devils, he kept an eye on Amitabha.

Green lotuses fluttered in the cosmic void before it landed. The outcome was expected, helping the devil dao ancestors.

Once Amitabha had transcended, the Faceless Heavenly Devil would come into the world.

With the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation broken, the devil dao became a helping hand for Amitabha.

White lotus and jade door were looming, restraining each other.

Eastern Sovereign Taiyi, who had been keeping an eye on Amitabha, immediately stepped forward and faced Amitabha again.

The Supreme Elder Lord laughed and pushed his crown up again. Then, one Clear Qi rushed out, splitting into three.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.