Chapter 1798: The Utmost Pleasantful Gain

Chapter 1798: The Utmost Pleasantful Gain

“Our paths may be smooth, but attaining the dao is difficult.” Hearing Xu Fei’s words, Yan Zhaoge replied with a smile.

Everyone laughed, and Yan Zhaoge continued, “I’ll go to Jade Capital Crag first.”

After saying goodbye to everyone, Yan Zhaoge appeared outside the gate of Jade Capital Crag.

Although he attained Grand Heavenly Realm with the ubiquitous presence everywhere, he abided the etiquette and entered the Jade Capital Crag from the mountain gate.

Sure enough, the Jade Capital Crag disciples guarding the mountain immediately passed the message. They invited Yan Zhaoge to enter the mountain gate and go up the mountain to meet Yue Zhenbei.

Yue Zhenbei received the news and immediately went out to greet him.

“Senior Uncle Yue.” Yan Zhaoge did not skip the formal etiquette with Yue Zhenbei. On the other hand, Yue Zhenbei returned the greetings and congratulated Yan Zhaoge for attaining the Grand Heavenly Realm. Then, the two chatted as usual.

While having a resolute and solemn face, this man seemingly had his hands trembling slightly at this moment.

Yue Zhenbei seemed to have figured out Yan Zhaoge’s intention, but he did not take the initiative to ask and just stared at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge smiled slightly, “We have succeeded!”

He revealed his sleeves, and Clear Qi faintly sent out two figures.

A couple sat side by side. They sent out both of their hands with their palms facing each other.

It was Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye.

The two held each other with one hand, and the other hand incarnated a sword art in front of the chest. Their eyes closed as they breathed quietly.

As Yue Zhenbei saw it, he gasped in pleasant surprise.

“With the Twelve Devilish Gods Formation destroyed, Senior Brother Nie is somewhat affected.” Yan Zhaoge explained, “But it should not be a big problem. I handed over the Primordial Auspicious Cloud of Chaos to Senior Brother Nie, which is in harmony with his Early Heaven Nascent Form. As I overcome the Origin Heavenly Tribulation while the Nine Underworlds fall, I eradicated the Devil of Aged Metal!”

If Nie Jingshen became the body of the Primordial Heavenly Devil’s resurrection, it would be irreversible.

At this moment, it was the clear skies after the rain.

Yan Zhaoge came behind the two and put his palms on their backs.

Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye were shocked and opened their eyes at the same time.

Their palms were separated. Soon, they slowly exhaled and ended their qi circulation.

Nie Jingshen looked at his right hand, then subconsciously looked to the right.

What entered his vision was a woman in Green Robe who was also looking at him.

Nie Jingshen’s lips moved, but no words came out.

Yu Ye did not speak either, just stared at him. A smile gradually bloomed on her face.

Nie Jingshen turned his head and faced his master.

Yue Zhenbei’s expression was still solemn, but his gaze was gentle.

The young man in black stood up from the ground and slowly knelt to the majestic master in front of him.

His lips moved. In the end, he uttered, “Master, your disciple is back.”

Nie Jingshen was in the Grand Heavenly Realm, like Yan Zhaoge. Yue Zhenbei was charged with emotions, and he forwent the corresponding etiquette.

He took a deep breath and raised his head slightly. Then, he praised his disciple after a brief pause.

Apart from that, Yue Zhenbei seemed unable to say any other words at this moment.

Nie Jingshen bowed a few times to Yue Zhenbei, then stood up and turned to look at Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge smiled, raised his fist, and reached out to Nie Jingshen.

Seeing this, Nie Jingshen also showed a smile with his tense expression. In the same way, he reached out his hand and fist-bumped with Yan Zhaoge.

Yan Zhaoge withdrew his hand and looked at Nie Jingshen, then Yu Ye. He then smiled at Yue Zhenbei, “Senior-uncle, there are still some aftermaths with the Nine Underworlds game. Let’s look into it.”

“Alright.” Yue Zhenbei nodded and took Yan Zhaoge out of the room.

The two tacitly left some personal space for Nie Jingshen and Yu Ye.

After leaving Yue Zhenbei’s place, Yan Zhaoge glanced back at Jade Capital Crag and let out a long exhale.

In this Nine Underworlds game, not only Daoism got what they wanted, but Yan Zhaoge also gained a lot.

As for the battle trophies, there were a couple of tangible items.

Samantabhadra Bodhisattva’s Demon Subduing Vajra and Tridharma Golden Lotus were all treasures.

The Immortal Artifact at the Grand Heavenly Realm had little value to Yan Zhaoge.

However, it could still come in handy elsewhere.

The Mutton-fat Jade Bottle of Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva was a superb treasure. Most importantly, it stored an abundance of blessing rain, as if it was inexhaustible.

There were many uses for this item, and it wasn’t easy to compute its benefits.

The blessing rain had an irreplaceable role in cultivating medicines, purification, alchemy, and even healing.

At Yan Zhaoge’s marriage, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva once sent some blessing rain to him as a gift.

The quantity was limited, and it was pretty precious.

With Yan Zhaoge having the Mutton-fat Jade Bottle, it was enough to capitalize them on a bigger scale and utilize its benefits.

However, this treasure still ranked second to the 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls.

Even after including all the gains, they were less valuable than the 18 Sea Suppressing Pearls.

The great thousand worlds underwent many changes and development with their foundation stabilized.

For a new Daoism universe to emerge, it would mainly rely on the 6 Sea Suppressing Pearls acquired in the battle for Immortal Extermination Formation.

Sure enough, it was not difficult for Yan Zhaoge, Yang Jian, and other Grand Heavenly Realm powerhouses to establish a new universe and accommodate many worlds into it.

However, it would take many efforts and energy to keep the world operating and share the same longevity and prosperity as the great thousand worlds.

The easiest way was to have a Grand Heavenly Realm cultivator garrisoned in the universe for a long time.

Otherwise, they had to seek out other solutions.

Sea Suppressing Pearl was the most suitable solution as an anchor for the world.

With the 24 Sea Suppressing Pearls returned to Daoism, it would help Daoism develop further.

In the new primordial gulf the Monkey created, it was also beneficial for Daoism to seize the opportunity.

In addition to the Sea Suppressing Pearls, Yan Zhaoge also seized the Triratna Jade Sceptre from the Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor.

The sceptre was the Jade Clear Dao Ancestor Primordial Heavenly Lord’s treasure in the past.

Although Yan Zhaoge did not follow the Primordial dao, he had an advantage in deciphering this treasure given his status as a Three Clears Practitioner.

As Yan Zhaoge felt around the sceptre, he had new ideas for it.

Perhaps, the value of this treasure in his hands would exceed others’ expectations.

Of course, the most delightful achievement for Yan Zhaoge was the conclusion of the predicaments revolving around Feng Yunsheng and Nie Jingshen.

Even if the devil dao made a comeback, it would not affect them, albeit they were still a problem Daoism had to face.

He could finally relax from the gloom lingering in his heart for thousands of years.

However, another matter caught Yan Zhaoge’s attention.

After Yan Di attained the Grand Heavenly Realm, he did not rush to Nine Underworlds but went straight back to Sky beyond Skies for seclusion. The whole process seemed a little rushed.

It seemed the matter about the jade token plate had a considerable impact on Yan Di even after the Nine Underworlds game was resolved.

It could be some critical clues for Yan Di, or it might have directly affected his state.

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.