Chapter 1799: The Most Opportune Timing

Chapter 1799: The Most Opportune Timing

Yan Zhaoge left the Jade Capital Crag, and his figure appeared outside the Jade Sky Peak.

He did not enter the Cold Wave Locale but looked at it from a distance.

Chen Xuanzong’s master-and-apprentice trio were sent back here after being frozen together in the past, and it had been more than a thousand years since then.

As to whether they could thaw the ice and break out from the seals, it mainly depended on them, and the others would not be able to help them.

Nine Underworlds and Water Devils had more or less negatively affected them.

Luckily, the Nine Underworlds had now collapsed, and Yan Zhaoge had personally eradicated the Water Devil.

The timing for the trio to come back had matured. However, the exact date to break free depended on them.

With the Nine Underworlds’ situation ended, many previous obstacles were easily resolved, taking away the weight on Yan Zhaoge’s heart.

With that, he had more freedom to think about other aspects.

In Yan Zhaoge’s eyes, a green light flashed and condensed into a mysterious rune.

As the light fluttered, the color of the rune gradually changed from green to purple.

Yan Zhaoge’s pupils trembled slightly as he came into total silence.

“What’s the matter?” Feng Yunsheng appeared beside Yan Zhaoge at this time.

“Southern Extremity Longevity Emperor is still hiding things from me,” said Yan Zhaoge slowly.

Feng Yunsheng looked at Yan Zhaoge as he nodded, “I’m going to meet Gao Han again after I’m done with the business at hand.”

“The matter at hand…” Feng Yunsheng did not ask why Yan Zhaoge sought Gao Han out but asked, “Do you mean the Immortal Court?”

Yan Zhaoge nodded, “According to the Great Sage, Amitabha is in a difficult spot to compete with other Dao Realm bigwigs at this point. Otherwise, he would lose out to Eastern Sovereign Taiyi regardless of whether Maitreya Buddha exists.”

“Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil has suffered a big loss, and it is difficult for him to compete with other Dao Ancestors in a short time.”

Yan Zhaoge’s eyes flashed, “However, it’s unknown whether the Primordial Heavenly Devil is willing to help the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord. We are now looking for trouble with the Immortal Court. It is difficult for the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord to find other Dao Realm bigwigs to help.”

The fact that the monkeys joined the battle was enough to trouble the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

Even if the Primordial Heavenly Devil came to help the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, the Future Buddha Maitreya would also come.

Although the Future Buddha had suffered a lot from Amitabha and the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord previously, the Buddha would be happy to participate in any matter involving the Immortal Court.

It was foreseeable for him to be pleased in watching the orthodox Daoism and the Immortal Court fighting to the death so that the Blessed Lands of the White Lotus could benefit from the sidelines.

However, all these conditions were based on the fact that they could ruin the Immortal Court.

So if the situation called for him, Maitreya Buddha would intervene and launch a critical blow at the Immortal Court.

His intention would hold firm, the troubles laid in the specifics.

Therefore, Yan Zhaoge’s group could not stay idle even though the Nine Underworlds’ situation had just been settled.

On the contrary, now was the perfect time to assault the Immortal Court!

The Nine Underworlds and Western Pure Lands had just suffered a critical injury and needed time to recuperate. As a result, the Immortal Court was temporarily alone.

After missing such a good opportunity, it might never come back again.

This was also the aftermath involving the Nine Underworlds event.

Yan Zhaoge’s group and Daoism folks had an intangible gain after concluding the Nine Underworlds catastrophe.

It was not visible and untouchable, but the gain was there.

“The Elder Lord returns to Tushita Palace and shows no movement again. Eastern Sovereign may also stand by and watch. We may be unable to do anything against the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.” Yan Zhaoge said, “However, we can cut off his wings first.”

Defeating a Dao Realm bigwig was naturally not an easy task.

In the just-concluded war, the two devils fled away together.

The Elder Lord was the strong anchor in this world. He could fight two Dao Realm opponents at the same time with the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower above his head.

However, he was still unable to kill the opponent.

After teaming up with the Monkey, the Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil suffered a tremendous loss.

That was also because the Black Skies Yellow Earth Exquisite Tower blocked the Primordial Heavenly Devil’s assistance.

Otherwise, even if the two Heavenly Devils could not contend with their enemies, they could escape immediately.

After that, Eastern Sovereign Taiyi and Amitabha joined the battle. If it weren’t for the rescue of Vast Freedom Heavenly Devil, Amitabha and Primordial Heavenly Devil would not have succumbed to their sorry state.

Previously, there was no second Dao Ancestor in orthodox Daoism after the Supreme Elder Lord. Daoism only had Immortal Extermination Formation in hand, posing as a deterrence to the Immortal Court.

Although the Immortal Extermination Formation could not harm the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, it could slaughter the Immortal Court and destroy the foundation of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, making it difficult to compete with the Future Buddha.

But conversely, if the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord were willing to give up the Immortal Court foundation, then the Immortal Extermination Formation would not be able to stop this Dao Ancestor’s wrath.

In the Daoism lineage, except for a handful of people such as Yang Jian and Suo Mingzhang, the others would suffer great disasters in the face of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord.

At least, none of the people below the cultivation of Grand Heavenly Immortal would be spared.

The thriving Daoism universe would also follow the Immortal Court’s footsteps and be destroyed.

However, with the Monkey attaining the Dao Realm to withstand the threat of the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord, people in Daoism such as Yan Zhaoge were unrestrained.

In the Nine Underworlds game, the Immeasurable Heavenly Lord also had a premonition of the current situation when Yan Zhaoge acquired the Grand Heavenly Realm and swept through the Western Pure Lands’ Buddhas.

So at that time, he let go of his fear of Immortal Extermination Formation, descended to Nine Underworlds at all costs, and targeted Yan Zhaoge group.

In this way, it would be a lose-lose situation if things were to escalate.

Unlike today, Immortal Court was likely to be in a vulnerable situation of being unable to fight back.

Having successfully acquired the Immortal Extermination Formation, orthodox Daoism had the capital to have equal standing with other major forces.

After winning the Nine Underworlds event, the Monkey became the new Dao Realm bigwig for Daoism, making orthodox Daoism superior to the Immortal Court.

Ten thousand years after the Great Calamity, the strength of Three Clear Lineage and Immortal Court heretics had finally reversed!

“Speaking of which, the Great Sage Heavenly Lord Ancestor mentioned that attaining the Dao Realm is only the first step.” Feng Yunsheng added, “His ultimate goal is also for transcendence. However, I wonder what he needs to do in order to complete the last step toward his goal.”

Yan Zhaoge said, “No one will reveal this matter. Only the direct party involved knows. Probably, the other Dao Ancestors have clues about it.”

There had always been many legends about the existence of the Three Clears Patriarch, Tathagata Buddha, and Mother Goddess Nuwa, who had successfully taken that step into transcendence.

They had transcendence, but the others only had speculations on the final step in their success. It was challenging to define the final answer.

Everyone could only infer their guesses through past events. However, it was a matter of opinion as to which was the critical part of the transcendence process.

Perhaps, only the Dao Realm existence could notice the clues after the event.

“Judging from the current situation, the chance for the Great Sage’s transcendence should not be in this era. His path has no conflict with the East Sovereign Taiyi.” Yan Zhaoge added, “However, there is still uncertainty.”

Find out what happens next by getting early access to chapters with Patreon! Please do check out the community goal in our Patreon as well! Thanks for the support! Click here to access our Patreon page.