m a k e it stick

The Science of Successful Learning

Peter C. Brown
Henry L. Roediger III
Mark .A McDaniel

Cambridge, Massachusetts
London, England
2014

Preface

Going about learning in the wrong ways. Empirical research into how we learn
and remember shows that much of what we take for gospel
about how to learn turns out to be largely wasted effort. Even
college and medical students—whose main job is learning—
rely on study techniques that are far from optimal. At the same
time, this ,eld of research, which goes back 125 years but has
been particularly fruitful in recent years, has yielded a body of
insights that constitute a growing science of learning: highly
effective, evidence-based strategies to replace less effective but
widely accepted practices that are rooted in theory, lore, and
intuition. But there's a catch: the most effective learning strategies are not intuitive.
Two of us, Henry Roediger and Mark McDaniel, are cognitive scientists who have dedicated our careers to the study
of learning and memory. Peter Brown is a storyteller. We have
ix

Preface  x

teamed up to explain how learning and memory work, and
we do this less by reciting the research than by telling stories
of people who have found their way to mastery of complex
knowledge and skills. Through these examples we illuminate
the principles of learning that the research shows are highly
effective. This book arose in part from a collaboration
among eleven cognitive psychologists. In 2002, the James S.
McDonnell Foundation of St. Louis, Missouri, in an effort
to better bridge the gap between basic knowledge on learning in cognitive psychology and its application in education,
awarded a research grant "Applying Cognitive Psychology
to Enhance Educational Practice" to Roediger and McDaniel
and nine others, with Roediger as the principal investigator.
The team collaborated for ten years on research to translate
cognitive science into educational science, and in many respects this book is a direct result of that work. The researchers and many of their studies are cited in the book, the notes,
and our acknowledgments. Roediger's and McDaniel's work
is also supported by several other funders, and McDaniel is
the co-director of Washington University's Center for Integrative Research in Learning and Memory.
Most books deal with topics serially—they cover one topic,
move on to the next, and so on. We follow this strategy in the
sense that each chapter addresses new topics, but we also apply two of the primary learning principles in the book: spaced
repetition of key ideas, and the interleaving of different but
related topics. If learners spread out their study of a topic,
returning to it periodically over time, they remember it better.
Similarly, if they interleave the study of different topics, they
learn each better than if they had studied them one at a time in
sequence. Thus we unabashedly cover key ideas more than
once, repeating principles in different contexts across the book.

Preface  xi

The reader will remember them better and use them more effectively as a result.
This is a book about what people can do for themselves
right now in order to learn better and remember longer. The
responsibility for learning rests with every individual. Teachers and coaches, too, can be more effective right now by helping students understand these principles and by designing them
into the learning experience. This is not a book about how
education policy or the school system ought to be reformed.
Clearly, though, there are policy implications. For example,
college professors at the forefront of applying these strategies
in the classroom have experimented with their potential for
narrowing the achievement gap in the sciences, and the results
of those studies are eye opening.
We write for students and teachers, of course, and for all
readers for whom effective learning is a high priority: for trainers in business, industry, and the military; for leaders of professional associations offering in-service training to their members; and for coaches. We also write for lifelong learners nearing
middle age or older who want to hone their skills so as to stay
in the game.
While much remains to be known about learning and its
neural underpinnings, a large body of research has yielded
principles and practical strategies that can be put to work immediately, at no cost, and to great effect.

1
Learning Is Misunderstood

He was a pilot, MattBrown was flying a twin-engine Cessna northeast out of Harlingen, Texas, when he noticed a drop in oil pressure in his right engine. He was alone, dying through the night at eleven thousand feet, making a hotshot freight run to a plant in Kentucky that had shut down its manufacturing line awaiting
product parts for assembly.
He reduced altitude and kept an eye on the oil gauge, hoping to fly as far as a planned fuel stop in Louisiana, where he
could service the plane, but the pressure kept falling. Matt
has been messing around with piston engines since he was
old enough to hold a wrench, and he knew he had a problem.
He ran a mental checklist, figuring his options. If he let the oil
pressure get too low he risked the engine's seizing up. How
much further could he fly before shutting it down? What
would happen when he did? He'd lose lift on the right side,
1

Make It Stick - 2

but could he stay aloft? He reviewed the tolerances he'd
memorized for the Cessna 401. Loaded, the best you could do
on one engine was slow your descent. But he had a light load,
and he'd burned through most of his fuel. So he shut down
the ailing right engine, feathered the prop to reduce drag, increased power on the left, flew with opposite rudder, and
limped another ten miles toward his intended stop. There, he
made his approach in a wide left-hand turn, for the simple but
critical reason that without power on his right side it was
only from a left-hand turn that he still had the lift needed to
level out for a touchdown.

While we don't need to understand each of the actions Matt
took, he certainly needed to, and his ability to work himself
out of a jam illustrates what we mean in this book when we
talk about learning: we mean acquiring knowledge and skills
and having them readily available from memory so you can
make sense of future problems and opportunities.
There are some immutable aspects of learning that we can
probably all agree on:
First, to be useful, learning requires memory, so what we've
learned is still there later when we need it.
Second, we need to keep learning and remembering all our
lives. We can't advance through middle school without some
mastery of language arts, math, science, and social studies.
Getting ahead at work takes mastery of job skills and dif,cult
colleagues. In retirement, we pick up new interests. In our
dotage, we move into simpler housing while we're still able
to adapt. If you're good at learning, you have an advantage in
life.
Third, learning is an acquired skill, and the most effective
strategies are often counterintuitive.

Learning Is Misunderstood - 3

Claims We Make in This Book
You may not agree with the last point, but we hope to persuade you of it. Here, more or less unadorned in list form, are
some of the principal claims we make in support of our argument. We set them forth more fully in the chapters that follow.
Learning is deeper and more durable when it's effortful.
Learning that's easy is like writing in sand, here today and
gone tomorrow.
We are poor judges of when we are learning well and when
we're not. When the going is harder and slower and it doesn't
feel productive, we are drawn to strategies that feel more
fruitful, unaware that the gains from these strategies are often
temporary.
Rereading text and massed practice of a skill or new knowledge are by far the preferred study strategies of learners of all
stripes, but they're also among the least productive. By massed
practice we mean the single-minded, rapid-,re repetition of
something you're trying to burn into memory, the "practicepractice-practice" of conventional wisdom. Cramming for exams is an example. Rereading and massed practice give rise to
feelings of 5uency that are taken to be signs of mastery, but for
true mastery or durability these strategies are largely a waste
of time.
Retrieval practice—recalling facts or concepts or events
from memory—is a more effective learning strategy than review by rereading. Flashcards are a simple example. Retrieval
strengthens the memory and interrupts forgetting. A single,
simple quiz after reading a text or hearing a lecture produces
better learning and remembering than rereading the text or
reviewing lecture notes. While the brain is not a muscle that
gets stronger with exercise, the neural pathways that make
up a body of learning do get stronger, when the memory is

Make It Stick - 4

retrieved and the learning is practiced. Periodic practice arrests forgetting, strengthens retrieval routes, and is essential
for hanging onto the knowledge you want to gain.
When you space out practice at a task and get a little rusty
between sessions, or you interleave the practice of two or
more subjects, retrieval is harder and feels less productive, but
the effort produces longer lasting learning and enables more
versatile application of it in later settings.
Trying to solve a problem before being taught the solution
leads to better learning, even when errors are made in the
attempt.
The popular notion that you learn better when you receive
instruction in a form consistent with your preferred learning
style, for example as an auditory or visual learner, is not supported by the empirical research. People do have multiple
forms of intelligence to bring to bear on learning, and you
learn better when you "go wide," drawing on all of your aptitudes and resourcefulness, than when you limit instruction or
experience to the style you ,nd most amenable.
When you're adept at extracting the underlying principles
or "rules" that differentiate types of problems, you're more
successful at picking the right solutions in unfamiliar situations.
This skill is better acquired through interleaved and varied
practice than massed practice. For instance, interleaving practice at computing the volumes of different kinds of geometric
solids makes you more skilled at picking the right solution
when a later test presents a random solid. Interleaving the
identi,cation of bird types or the works of oil painters improves your ability both to learn the unifying attributes within
a type and to differentiate between types, improving your
skill at categorizing new specimens you encounter later.
We're all susceptible to illusions that can hijack our judgment of what we know and can do. Testing helps calibrate

Learning Is Misunderstood - 5
